Contents




2     Corporate Information


3     Financial Highlights


4     Management Discussion and Analysis


28    Report on Review of Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements


29    Condensed Consolidated Income Statement


30    Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income


31    Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position


33    Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity


34    Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows


36    Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements


59    Other Information




                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2025   1
    Corporate Information


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                      COMPANY SECRETARY
    Executive Directors:                    LO Tai On
    CAI Dong Chen (Chairman)
    ZHANG Cuilong (Vice-Chairman and CEO)   REGISTERED OFFICE
    WANG Zhenguo                            Suite 3206
    PAN Weidong                             32nd Floor
    WANG Huaiyu                             Central Plaza
    LI Chunlei                              18 Harbour Road
    YAO Bing                                Wan Chai
    CAI Xin                                 Hong Kong
    CHEN Weiping
                                            SHARE REGISTRAR
    Independent Non-executive Directors:    Tricor Investor Services Limited
    WANG Bo                                 17/F, Far East Finance Centre
    CHEN Chuan                              16 Harcourt Road
    WANG Hongguang                          Hong Kong
    AU Chun Kwok Alan
    LAW Cheuk Kin Stephen                   AUDITOR
    LI Quan                                 Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                            Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
    AU Chun Kwok Alan (Chairman)            STOCK EXCHANGE
    WANG Bo                                 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“HKEx”)
    CHEN Chuan
                                            STOCK CODE
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                    HKEx:1093
    CAI Dong Chen (Chairman)
    WANG Bo                                 INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT
    CHEN Chuan                              Email: ir@cspc.hk
    LI Quan                                 Telephone: (86) 311-82625930


    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                  WEBSITE ADDRESS
    AU Chun Kwok Alan (Chairman)            www.cspc.com.hk
    WANG Bo
    CHEN Chuan




2   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Financial Highlights


                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                          2025                2024             Change

(in RMB’000, unless otherwise stated)


Revenue by business units:
  Finished drugs                                                                   10,247,652          13,549,079              -24.4%
  Bulk products                                                                     2,074,708           1,854,794              +11.9%
  Functional food and others                                                          951,056             880,409               +8.0%

Total revenue                                                                      13,273,416          16,284,282              -18.5%

Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company
  Reported                                                                          2,547,851           3,020,374              -15.6%
  Underlying (note)                                                                 2,319,521           3,216,870              -27.9%


Earnings per share (RMB cents)
  Based on reported profit attributable to shareholders of
     the Company
  — Basic                                                                                22.29               25.51             -12.6%
  — Diluted                                                                              22.29               25.51             -12.6%


Interim dividend per share (HK cents)                                                    14.00               16.00             -12.5%

Note: Underlying profit attributable to shareholders of the Company, a non-HKFRS measure, represents profit attributable to shareholders
      of the Company before taking into account fair value changes on financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss and
      employee share-based compensation expense. A reconciliation between the reported and underlying profit is provided on page 26 of
      this report.




                                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2025       3
    Management Discussion and Analysis


    RESULTS
    In the first half of the year, the Group recorded revenue of RMB13,273 million and reported profit attributable to shareholders
    of the Company of RMB2,548 million, representing decreases of 18.5% and 15.6%, respectively, as compared with the
    same period last year. Excluding fair value changes on financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)
    and employee share-based compensation expense, underlying profit attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted
    to RMB2,320 million, representing a decrease of 27.9% as compared with the same period last year.


    In the first half of 2025, basic earnings per share based on reported profit attributable to shareholders of the Company for
    the period amounted to RMB22.29 cents, representing a decrease of 12.6% as compared with the same period last year.
    Due to a reduction in the weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation of earnings per share, the
    year-on-year decline in basic earnings per share for the period was less than that of profit attributable to shareholders of the
    Company.


    DIVIDEND AND SHARE BUY-BACKS
    The Board has declared an interim dividend of HK14 cents per share for 2025 (interim dividend for 2024: HK16 cents per
    share). The dividend will be payable on Tuesday, 18 November 2025 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of
    members of the Company on Thursday, 23 October 2025.


    Since April 2024, the Company has actively repurchased shares in the open market in order to enhance earnings per share
    and maximise returns to shareholders of the Company. In the first half of 2025, the Company utilised HK$300 million to
    repurchase and cancel an aggregate of 64,300,000 shares and will continue to conduct share buy-backs according to
    market conditions to safeguard the best interests of the Company and shareholders as a whole.


    COMPANY OVERVIEW
    The Group is an innovation-driven comprehensive pharmaceutical enterprise integrating R&D, manufacture and sales. With
    the corporate mission of “All for Better Medicine, All for a Healthier World”, we are committed to developing innovative
    products to overcome bottlenecks in clinical treatment and provide cutting-edge treatment options for patients.


    “Leading Innovation and Creating an Excellent CSPC” is our core vision. Under the leadership of the Chairman and guided
    by the dual-engine strategy of “Innovation and Internationalisation”, the Group continues to increase its investment in R&D
    and strengthen team building to enhance its domestic and international competitiveness, which provides the driving force for
    the sustainable development.


    The Group has an internationalised R&D team with more than 2,000 professionals and R&D centers located in Shijiazhuang,
    Shanghai, Beijing and the US, with focus on key therapeutic areas such as oncology, psychiatry and neurology,
    cardiovascular, immunology and respiratory, digestion and metabolism, and anti-infectives, etc.. Meanwhile, it seeks to
    strengthen platform advantages by building eight core technology platforms to raise the technical barriers to entry, thereby
    taking the lead in establishing industry-leading AI drug discovery technology platform and global leading delivery technology
    system, forging differentiated advantages.




4   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



The Group remains committed to innovation-driven growth, with R&D achievements continuously materialising to inject
new momentum into its development. We focus on high-demand therapeutic areas including breast cancer, lung cancer,
and endocrine-metabolic diseases, expediting the commercialisation of core products such as paclitaxel (albumin-bound)
II, KN026, SYS6010 (EGFR ADC), TG103 (GLP-1). The Group’s R&D achievements have been repeatedly selected for
presentation at international conferences including the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR), the American
Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO), and the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO), garnering strong international
recognition and wide attention from the industry.


Driven by innovative R&D as our engine, the Group is advancing its global strategic deployment to build a worldwide
pharmaceutical value ecosystem. In terms of global R&D positioning, with the strategy of “dual China-US regulatory
submission”, we initiate a number of multi-center clinical trials across Europe and America and have established R&D
systems and quality platforms that meet international standards, laying a solid foundation for global product launches.
Regarding overseas expansion of innovative products, Nectin 4 ADC, ROR-1 ADC, LP(a) small molecules and other products
independently developed by the Group have been out-licensed overseas. Year-to-date, the Group has completed four out-
licensing projects with aggregate contract value of up to US$9.71 billion. Notably, in June 2025, we entered into a strategic
R&D collaboration with AstraZeneca, a leading international pharmaceutical company, on an AI platform, accelerating the
transformation of China’s innovative pharmaceutical enterprises from “product export” to “technology platform export” and
progressively elevating from “technology licensor” to “global co-developer”.


The Group boasts a robust and innovative pipeline and has been included in the global top 25 pharmaceutical companies
by size of pipeline for three consecutive years by Citeline, an internationally renowned consulting firm, ranking 19th this year
and climbing five places from last year. The Group has been recognised as “National Innovative Enterprise” and “National
Enterprise Technology Center” with two national key laboratories, i.e. “National Key Laboratory for New Pharmaceutical
Preparations and Excipients” and “National Engineering Laboratory for Chiral Drugs”, and has jointly established the only
national-level innovative platform in the nanotechnology industry, “National Nano Intelligent Manufacturing Industry Innovation
Center”, with several well-known enterprises in China. At present, the Group has more than 200 innovative drugs and
preparations under research and development, including over 90 large molecule drugs, over 60 small molecule drugs, over
50 new preparations and more than 160 clinical trials in progress, nearly 60 of which were in the phase III clinical trials. It is
expected that, by the end of 2028, there will be more than 50 new drugs or new indications to be submitted for marketing
approval.


The Group possesses strong commercialisation capabilities and has established a professional sales team of over
10,000 individuals, extensively covering medical institutions across the country. This robust sales team and extensive
commercialisation experience provide strong safeguards for the future sales performance of the Group’s innovative drugs to
be launched on the market.


The Group is committed to driving the high-quality development of China’s pharmaceutical industry through continuous
innovation and solid commercialisation capabilities, thereby benefiting more patients.




                                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2025      5
    Management Discussion and Analysis



    BUSINESS REVIEW
    FINISHED DRUG BUSINESS
    In the first half of 2025, during a pivotal period of deepening reforms in the pharmaceutical industry, the Group proactively
    addressed market challenges brought about by the full rollout of centralised procurement policies. Despite significant price
    adjustments for core products such as Duomeisu and Jinyouli, which resulted in temporary pressure on revenue from
    finished drug business, the Group achieved encouraging interim results amid adversity through forward-looking strategic
    planning and an innovation-driven development approach. The key initiatives and business reviews are as follows:


    Proactively addressing market challenges and enhancing channel deployment and academic promotion
    The Group continuously optimised its market strategies by intensifying hospital channel penetration, expanding into lower-tier
    markets, and developing the retail channel, thereby significantly improving product coverage and accessibility. At the same
    time, we focused on clinical needs, broadened application scenarios, and strengthened professional academic promotion
    to deepen the understanding of our products’ clinical value, thereby boosting market penetration and influence. These
    measures not only effectively mitigated the pressure from market changes but also further strengthened our competitiveness,
    driving the sustained and steady sales growth in the future.


    Accelerating conversion of the innovative pipeline to build core product competitiveness
    We continue to increase investment in innovation and R&D, staying guided by unmet clinical needs of patients to advance
    clinical researches for multiple key products and indications, while expediting the path to market of new products. In parallel,
    through strengthening our internal innovation capabilities and proactively in-licensing external innovative programs, we
    promoted the development of products with differentiated competitive advantages to further enrich our product portfolio.
    This enhances the long-term competitiveness of our overall pipeline and provides robust support for future performance
    growth.


    Advancing international expansion to realise the worldwide value of innovation
    Aligned with the “Innovation + Internationalisation” dual-driven strategy, the Group leveraged its rich innovation assets
    to deepen collaborations with global innovative pharmaceutical enterprises. Through diversified approaches including
    out-licensing, proprietary development and R&D collaborations, we are actively expanding into overseas markets and
    accelerating the translation and commercialisation of innovative outcomes globally. This strategy has already yielded notable
    results. In the first half of 2025, the Group’s licence fee income reached RMB1,075 million, not only injecting new growth
    momentum into our finished drug business but also demonstrating the high level of recognition and trust that the global
    pharmaceutical industry places in the Group’s innovation pipeline. We will continue to cultivate our out-licensing business
    and aim to develop it into a core component of the Group’s recurring revenue.


    Looking ahead, the pharmaceutical industry is entering a new phase of high-quality development. The Group will proactively
    capitalise on opportunities arising from industry transformation. In an increasingly complex and volatile market environment,
    we will further strengthen our core competitiveness to achieve sustainable high-quality development and strive to become a
    globally leading pharmaceutical enterprise.




6   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



The finished drug business recorded a revenue of RMB10,248 million (including licence fee income of RMB1,075 million)
for the first half of the year, representing a decrease of 24.4% as compared with the same period last year. The analysis of
revenue from finished drug business is as follows:


                                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                     2025              2024            Change
                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
By Therapeutic Area
Nervous system                                                                 3,754,814          5,235,700             -28.3%
Oncology                                                                       1,050,606          2,683,139             -60.8%
Anti-infectives                                                                1,656,912          2,307,375             -28.2%
Cardiovascular                                                                   868,336          1,228,902             -29.3%
Respiratory system                                                               575,441            756,025             -23.9%
Digestion and metabolism                                                         528,099            646,697             -18.3%
Others                                                                           738,777            691,241              +6.9%
Sales of goods                                                                 9,172,985         13,549,079             -32.3%
Licence fee income                                                             1,074,667                   –                N/A
Total revenue                                                                 10,247,652         13,549,079             -24.4%


Nervous System
Major products include NBP (恩必普®) (butylphthalide soft capsules/injection), Mingfule (明復樂®) (recombinant human TNK
tissue-type plasminogen activator for injection), Shuanling (舒安靈®) (pentoxifylline extended-release tablets/injection), Enliwei
(恩理維®) (lacosamide injection/tablets), Enxi (恩悉®) (pramipexole dihydrochloride tablets), Oushuan (歐舒安®) (paliperidone
extended-release tablets) and Oulaining (歐來寧®) (oxiracetam capsules/oxiracetam for injection).


NBP (恩必普®)
NBP is a Class 1 new chemical drug and a patent-protected exclusive product. It has been recommended by over 30
professional organisations and guidelines and is mainly used for the treatment of ischemic stroke and related diseases and is
one of the major drugs for this indication.


Mingfule (明復樂®)
Mingfule is a third-generation specific thrombolytic drug independently developed with complete independent intellectual
property rights. As the first Tenecteplase approved in China for the indication of acute ischemic stroke (AIS), it has been
included in multiple clinical treatment guidelines. In 2025, the BRIDGE-TNK study (bridging therapy) and ANGEL-TNK study
(non-bridging therapy) of Mingfule were respectively published in the New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM) and the
Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA), providing high-level evidence-based support for its use in endovascular
treatment of acute stroke combined with thrombolysis and in special patient populations, and further consolidating its leading
position in the global stroke treatment field. In the future, we will continue to promote clinical research and market expansion
of Mingfule, contribute to the construction of China’s stroke treatment system, and provide patients with better treatment
options.




                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2025     7
    Management Discussion and Analysis



    Shuanling (舒安靈®)
    Shuanling is a non-selective phosphodiesterase inhibitor that can comprehensively improve microcirculation through multiple
    mechanisms of action. The market potential has further expanded with the doctors at tiered-hospitals having an enhanced
    understanding of the product and the continuous penetration into lower-tier markets.


    In the first half of 2025, NBP experienced a decline in sales revenue due to price cuts following the National Reimbursement
    Drug List negotiation. However, this initiative has benefited more patients, further improving product accessibility and laying
    a foundation for further expanding market reach. The sales revenue of Shuanling decreased significantly due to the inclusion
    of the injection in the tenth National Reimbursement Drug List (NRDL). Mingfule posted a substantial year-on-year increase in
    sales revenue in the first half of the year, and its indication for treatment of acute ischemic stroke was successfully included
    in the NRDL, further expanding the market potential and laying a solid foundation for realising the future revenue growth of
    this product. Oushuan and Oulaining maintained steady year-on-year growth.


    Oncology
    Major products include Jinyouli (津優力®) (PEG-rhG-CSF injection), Duoenyi (多恩益®) (irinotecan hydrochloride liposome
    injection), Keaili (克艾力®) (paclitaxel for injection (albumin-bound)), Duoenda (多恩達®) (mitoxantrone hydrochloride liposome
    injection), Enshuxing (恩舒幸®) (enlonstobart injection), Duomeisu (多美素®) (doxorubicin hydrochloride liposome injection),
    Geruite (戈瑞特®) (lenvatinib mesilate capsules) and Jinlitai (津立泰®) (narlumosbart injection).


    Jinyouli (津優力®)
    Jinyouli is the first long-acting white blood cell booster drug developed in China. It is a Class 1 new therapeutic biological
    drug used to prevent and treat incidence of infection and pyrexia due to low neutrophil count in patients receiving
    chemotherapy. The product is unanimously recommended by domestic and foreign guidelines and has won multiple
    national awards. Marketing efforts of this product currently focus on promoting the long-acting formulation, expanding the
    coverage in core hospitals in prefecture-level cities, lower-tier market penetration and driving sales ramp-up in regions under
    centralised volume-based procurement policy.


    Duoenyi (多恩益®)
    Duoenyi is the first generic irinotecan hydrochloride liposome injection in China. It was approved in September 2023 for use
    in combination with 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) and leucovorin (LV) for the treatment of patients with metastatic pancreatic cancer
    that have progressed after receiving gemcitabine treatment. The 2024 CSCO Guidelines recommend the combination
    regimen as a Class I recommendation for the treatment of metastatic pancreatic cancer in second-line and beyond and a
    Class II recommendation for inclusion in the first-line treatment of pancreatic cancer. Its marketing efforts currently focus on
    gastrointestinal stromal tumors, including pancreatic cancer, biliary tract tumors, and colorectal cancer.


    Duoenda (多恩達®)
    Duoenda, a Class 2 new chemical drug developed by the Group, which was approved for marketing in early 2022 and
    included in the NRDL in 2023 for the treatment of relapsed/refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma, is the world’s first
    mitoxantrone liposomal formulation on the market with patents in several countries. Currently, the product is under active
    exploration and research in the field of hematological tumors including front-line treatment of peripheral T-cell lymphoma,
    diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, and acute myeloid leukemia.




8   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Enshuxing (恩舒幸®)
Enshuxing is a Class 1 new therapeutic biological drug, for which the Group owns the invention patent and complete
independent property rights. The product obtained marketing approval in June 2024 and was included in the NRDL in the
same year. The median survival (mOS) of patients with recurrent metastatic cervical cancer treated with monotherapy for
second-line and beyond treatment was up to 21.3 months. Data from the Phase III first-stage trial for first-line treatment of
recurrent metastatic cervical cancer indicated a median progression-free survival (mPFS) up to 15.1 months, demonstrating
significantly superior efficacy compared to similar products. Given its outstanding clinical data, Enshuxing has been included
in the treatment guidelines recommended by three major medical associations, namely the Chinese Medical Association, the
Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology (CSCO), and the China Anti-Cancer Association (CACA). Since its market launch, the
product has rapidly increased in sales volume. The marketing efforts of the product currently focus on gynecological tumors,
including cervical cancer and endometrial cancer, and will be expanded to esophageal squamous carcinoma, colorectal
cancer and other solid tumors in the future.


In the first half of 2025, sales revenue of this therapeutic area recorded a significant year-on-year decline, mainly due to the
inclusion of Duomeisu in the tenth batch of national volume-based procurement, resulting in substantial price reductions.
At the same time, the expanded scope of the centralised procurement policy in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei “3+N” Alliance led
to a significant decline in sales revenue of Jinyouli. On the other hand, benefiting from the shifts in prescribers’ medication
concepts, Duoenyi posted a strong year-on-year increase in sales revenue. In addition, Enshuxing, a newly launched
product, also brought new growth momentum to the business.


Anti-infectives
Major products include Anfulike (安複利克®) (amphotericin B cholesteryl sulfate complex for injection), Ansulike (安速利
克®) (amphotericin B liposome for injection), Weihong (維宏®) (azithromycin tablets/capsules/enteric tablets, azithromycin
for injection), Shuluoke (舒羅克®) (meropenem for injection), Nuomoling (諾莫靈®) (amoxicillin capsules), Xianqu (先曲®)
(ceftriaxone sodium for injection), Xianwu (先伍®) (cefazolin sodium for injection) and Oujian (歐健®) (cefixime capsules), etc.


Anfulike (安複利克®)
Anfulike was approved for marketing through priority review in March 2021 and included in the NRDL in the same year
for the treatment of patients with invasive fungal infections. This product has undergone modifications of lipid structure,
which significantly reduce the incidence of nephrotoxicity and hypokalaemia, expand the applicable population, and lower
the medical cost. It is recommended jointly by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and National Health
Commission of the People’s Republic of China as a “clinically urgent, market-deficient” drug.


In the first half of 2025, the sales revenue of products such as Anfulike, Weihong and Nuomoling declined due to the
weakening market demand, while the sales revenue of Shuluoke increased.




                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2025     9
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Cardiovascular
     Major products include Xuanning (玄寧®) (maleate levamlodipine tablets/dispersible tablets), Encun (恩存®) (clopidogrel
     bisulfate tablets), Abikang (阿比康®) (aspirin enteric tablets), Yishuning (意舒寧®) (nifedipine controlled-release tablets),
     Mingfule (明復樂®) (recombinant human TNK tissue-type plasminogen activator for injection (rhTNK-tPA)), Daxinning (達新寧®)
     (dronedarone hydrochloride tablets) and Meiluolin (美洛林®) (ticagrelor tablets).


     Xuanning (玄寧®)
     Xuanning is mainly used for the treatment of hypertension, chronic stable angina and variant angina, and is a product in the
     NRDL and essential drug list. The Group will continue to implement all-channel promotion, deepen the expansion into lower-
     tier and private markets to fully channelise patients, and at the same time enhance promotion in retail markets and online
     sales channel, so as to fully unleash the brand influence of the product.


     Encun (恩存®)
     Encun is a platelet aggregation inhibitor, which is mainly used to prevent atherosclerotic thrombotic events such as
     myocardial infarction and ischemic stroke. The product is the only domestically produced clopidogrel in China that has
     obtained the US FDA approval and was included in the national volume-based procurement. We will continue to strengthen
     lower-tier market penetration to further improve accessibility of the product.


     Mingfule (明復樂®)
     Mingfule is a domestic innovative third-generation specific thrombolytic drug independently developed by the Group based
     on the Chinese genome sequence, focusing on the thrombolysis treatment in patients with acute myocardial infarction
     within 6 hours of onset. It is a preferred thrombolytic drug recommended by multiple authoritative guidelines on myocardial
     infarction, including the Guidelines for the Rational Medication for Thrombolytic Treatment of Acute ST-Segment Elevation
     Myocardial Infarction (2nd Edition), Chinese Expert Consensus on Microcirculation Protection Strategies for Emergency PCI
     in Patients with ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction, and Expert Consensus on Intracoronary Thrombolysis during
     Percutaneous Coronary Intervention for Acute ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction (2025), occupying a leading
     position in the cardiovascular emergency field.


     In the first half of 2025, the sales revenue of Xuanning recorded a year-on-year decline, mainly due to the execution of
     centralised volume-based procurement policy, which affected its sales in public medical institutions. Meanwhile, as market
     demand shifted, sales revenue of products such as Encun and Abikang also declined, while Daxinning achieved steady sales
     growth.


     Respiratory System
     Major products include Yiluoda (伊絡達®) (nintedanib capsules), Qixin (琦昕®) (oseltamivir phosphate capsules), Nuoyian (諾
     一安®) (montelukast sodium tablets/chewable tablets), Qixiao (琦效®) (arbidol hydrochloride tablets), Zhongnuo Like (中諾立
     克®) (ambroxol hydrochloride oral solution), Zhongnuoping (中諾平®) (ambroxol hydrochloride extended-release tablets) and
     Enyitan (恩益坦®) (omalizumab for injection).


     Yiluoda (伊絡達®)
     Yiluoda is the first-to-market generic nintedanib drug in China, which is indicated for the treatment of systemic sclerosis-
     associated interstitial lung disease (SSc-ILD) and progressive fibrosing interstitial lung diseases (PF-ILD). All three indications
     of the product have been included in the National Reimbursement Drug List (NRDL), which contributed to the product’s
     sustained growth.




10   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Enyitan (恩益坦®)
Enyitan is the first biosimilar drug of Xolair® developed as Class 3.3 therapeutic biological product in China. The product
was approved for marketing in October 2024 and indicated for adults and adolescents (12 years of age and older) with
chronic spontaneous urticaria who remain symptomatic despite H1 antihistamine treatment, and was also approved for the
indication of moderate to severe persistent allergic asthma in February 2025. The Global Strategy for Asthma Management
and Prevention (GINA 2024) report states that for patients 6 years of age and older with severe allergic asthma, IgE therapy
(such as omalizumab) is strongly recommended.


In the first half of 2025, the evolving concepts of anti-fibrotic therapy drove sustained growth in market demand, presenting
new development opportunities for the industry. Against this backdrop, Yiluoda achieved steady sales revenue growth
through effective promotional strategies and efficient team collaboration. Enyitan received marketing approval for its
allergic asthma indication in the first half of the year, further diversifying the product lines in respiratory system sector and
contributing revenue growth of this field. However, the sales revenue of products such as Qixin, Nuoyian, Qixiao recorded
decrease due to market conditions, resulting in a year-on-year decrease in the overall sales revenue of this segment.


Digestion and Metabolism
Major products include Shuanglexin (雙樂欣®) (metformin hydrochloride tablets/extended-release tablets), Oubeituo (歐倍妥®)
(esomeprazole capsules), Debixin (得必欣®) (omeprazole capsules/tablets/injection), Xinweiping (欣維平®) (acarbose tablets)
and Linmeixin (林美欣®) (glimepiride dispersible tablets).


Oubeituo (歐倍妥®)
Oubeituo is indicated for acid-related disorders such as gastro-esophageal reflux disease, stomach ulcers caused by non-
steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), and the eradication of Helicobacter pylori (Hp) in combination with antibiotics. As
an optically isomeric proton pump inhibitor (PPI) with a relatively wide range of indications, esomeprazole meets the needs
of drug treatment for acid-related diseases and has been widely recommended by the Chinese Journal of Gastroenterology
and the Chinese Journal of General Practitioners.


Debixin (得必欣®)
Debixin, a classic proton pump inhibitor (PPI), is included in the National Essential Medicines List and classified as Category A
under the medical insurance. Recommended by numerous domestic and international authoritative guidelines, it is indicated
for the treatment of various gastric diseases caused by excessive gastric acid.


In the first half of 2025, Xinweiping achieved steady revenue growth, while Debixin’s unit price declined due to adjustments in
its sales strategy amid intense market competition, which in turn dragged down the overall sales revenue in this segment.


Other Therapeutic Areas
Major products include Qimaite (奇邁特®) (tramadol hydrochloride tablets), Gubang (固邦®) (alendronate sodium tablets/
enteric tablets), Xianpai (先派®) (omeprazole sodium for injection), Gujie (固杰®) (tofacitinib citrate extended-release tablets)
and Oubida (歐必達®) (apremilast tablets).




                                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2025     11
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     BULK PRODUCT BUSINESS
     In the first half of 2025, the bulk product business recorded sales revenue of RMB2,075 million, representing a year-on-year
     increase of 11.9%. The Group will adopt a market-oriented approach, continue to enhance its product chain, accelerate
     registration and development in the high-end market, and constantly optimise processes such as production, quality control,
     registration, and sales.


     Vitamin C
     Sales revenue of Vitamin C products amounted to RMB1,196 million, representing an increase of 21.6% as compared with
     the same period last year, primarily driven by a marked increase in overseas market demand, which led to a substantial
     uplift in sales revenue. The Group will focus on product quality and continuously develop overseas sales networks to further
     increase its market share.


     Antibiotics
     Sales revenue of antibiotics products amounted to RMB879 million, roughly flat year-on-year.


     FUNCTIONAL FOOD AND OTHER BUSINESSES
     In the first half of 2025, the functional food and other businesses recorded sales revenue of RMB951 million, increasing 8.0%
     as compared with the same period last year, mainly due to the growth in sales volume of caffeine during the period.


     RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
     Research and development expenses for the period increased by 5.5% to RMB2,683 million as compared with the same
     period last year, accounting for approximately 26.2% of the revenue from the finished drug business. Currently, there are
     nearly 90 products in various stages of clinical trial, with 12 of them having submitted application for marketing approval and
     more than 30 key products in the registration stage of clinical trials.


     Regulatory Updates
     Since the beginning of the year, the regulatory progress of the Group in the PRC is as follows: 3 innovative drugs have
     obtained marketing approvals; applications for marketing approval of 5 drugs have been accepted; 4 drugs have been
     granted breakthrough therapy designations; 28 drugs have obtained clinical trial approvals; and 7 generic drugs have
     obtained drug registration approvals. In addition, the Group received clinical trial approval for 9 innovative drugs and 1 Fast
     Track designation in North America.




12   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



China
Marketing Approvals Obtained
Month             Drug Candidate                                  Indication

                                                                  The improvement of glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes
January 2025      Shanzeping (善澤平 ) (prusogliptin tablets)
                                         ®                          (including monotherapy and combination therapy when metformin
                                                                    hydrochloride alone does not provide adequate glycemic control)

February 2025     Enyitan (恩益坦®) (omalizumab for injection)       Treatment of moderate to severe persistent allergic asthma

June 2025         Meiluotai (美洛泰®) (Meloxicam Injection (III))    Moderate to severe pain in adults


Applications for Marketing Approval Accepted
Month             Drug Candidate                                  Indication

March 2025        Aprepitant injection                            Prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting

March 2025        Irinotecan liposome injection                   First-line metastatic pancreatic cancer

March 2025        Paliperidone palmitate injection (1M)           Schizophrenia

June 2025         Pregabalin extended-release tablets             Diabetic peripheral neuropathic pain and postherpetic neuralgia

August 2025       Semaglutide injection                           Glycemic control in adult patients with type 2 diabetes


Breakthrough Therapy Designations (BTD) Granted
Month             Drug Candidate                                  Indication

                                                                  Monotherapy for EGFR mutation-positive advanced non-small cell
                  SYS6010 (humanised anti-human EGFR monoclonal
January 2025                                                        lung cancer (NSCLC) after failure of EGFR-TKIs and platinum-based
                    antibody-JS-1 conjugate injection)
                                                                    chemotherapy

February 2025     Sirolimus for Injection (albumin-bound)         Malignant perivascular epithelioid cell tumor (PEComa)

                                                                  All-comer population of patients with platinum-resistant recurrent
March 2025        JSKN003                                           epithelial ovarian cancer, primary peritoneal carcinoma, or fallopian
                                                                    tube cancer

                                                                  RAS, RAF, EGFR ECD and PIK3CA exon 20 wild-type advanced
May 2025          JMT101                                            colorectal cancer after failure of standard treatment in second-line or
                                                                    beyond




                                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2025        13
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Clinical Trial Approvals Obtained
     First Indication
     Month              Drug Candidate                                      Indication

     January 2025       SYH2059 tablets (PDE4B inhibitor)                   Interstitial lung disease

     January 2025       SYS6045 for injection (ADC)                         Advanced solid tumors

     January 2025       SYS6041 for injection (ADC)                         Advanced solid tumors

     February 2025      SYS6017 injection (VZV-mRNA vaccine)                Prevention of herpes zoster

     March 2025         JMT108 injection (PD-1/IL15)                        Advanced malignant tumors

     March 2025         SYH2067 capsules                                    Weight-loss

     March 2025         SYS6040 (ADC)                                       Advanced solid tumors

     April 2025         SYH2046 tablets                                     Heart failure after acute myocardial infarction

     April 2025         Prusogliptin and metformin extended-release tablets Diabetes

     April 2025         SYH2068 injection (siRNA)                           Hyperlipoproteinemia (a)

     May 2025           JMT106 injection (GPC3/IFN)                         Advanced solid tumors

                        High-concentration hydroxocobalamin hydrochloride
     July 2025                                                              Methylmalonic academia (MMA)
                          injection

     August 2025        Dupilumab Injection                                 Moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis in adults




14   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Additional Indication
Month                   Drug Candidate                                  Indication

                                                                        In combination with systemic therapy for the treatment of liver metastases
January 2025            Paclitaxel cationic liposome for injection
                                                                          of advanced solid tumors

                                                                        In combination with other drugs for the treatment of solid tumors and
January 2025            SYHX1901 tablets
                                                                          hematological tumors

                                                                        In combination with irinotecan liposome with or without glumetinib tablets
January 2025            JMT101 injection                                  for second-line treatment of colorectal cancer with MET amplification
                                                                          or high expression

                                                                        In combination with enlonstobart injection (SG001) for consolidation after
                                                                          synchronous/sequential radiotherapy in limited stage small cell lung

January 2025            SYHA1813 oral solution                            cancer

                                                                        In combination with sirolimus for injection (albumin-bound) for the
                                                                          treatment of advanced renal cell carcinoma in second-line and beyond

                                                                        In combination with JMT101 and SG001 for the first-line treatment of
February 2025           SYS6002 for injection
                                                                          advanced head and neck squamous cell carcinoma

                                                                        In combination with mitoxantrone liposome versus investigator’s choice
March 2025              JMT101                                            of chemotherapy as the treatment of nasopharyngeal cancer in third-
                                                                          line and beyond

                                                                        In combination with oxetinib for the first-line treatment of EGFR classical
March 2025              Glumetinib tablets                                mutated and MET amplification or overexpression in non-small cell lung
                                                                          cancer

                                                                        First-line and perioperative combination treatment of HER2-positive
April 2025              JSKN003 for injection
                                                                          gastric cancer

                        Recombinant human TNK tissue-type plasminogen   Acute ischemic stroke of longer time window (within 4.5–24 hours of
April 2025
                          activator for injection                         onset)

April 2025              JMT601 injection                                Primary membranous nephropathy

April 2025              CM326 injection                                 Adolescent asthma

                                                                        In combination with glumetinib tablets for the treatment of MET
April 2025              Docetaxel (albumin-bound)                         amplification or overexpression in gastric cancer and other solid tumors
                                                                          in second line and beyond

                                                                        In combination with dapagliflozin and metformin for the treatment of type
April 2025              Prusogliptin tablets (DBPR108 tablets)
                                                                          2 diabetes

                                                                        In combination with palbociclib and fluvestrant for the first-line treatment
April 2025              Sirolimus for injection (albumin-bound)
                                                                          of HR-positive/HER2-negative breast cancer




                                                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2025          15
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Registration Approvals Obtained
     Since the beginning of 2025, a total of 7 generic drugs have obtained drug registration approvals, namely regorafenib
     tablets, ilaprazole enteric-coated tablets, oseltamivir phosphate for oral suspension, peramivir injection (300mg/60ml bag),
     vonoprazan fumarate tablets (20mg and 10mg), cobamamide capsules and mesalazine enteric-coated tablets.


     North America
     Clinical Trial Approvals Granted by the U.S. FDA
     Month                  Drug Candidate                                 Indication

     January 2025           SYS6043 (ADC)                                  Advanced/metastatic solid tumors

     February 2025          SYH2059 tablets (PDE4B inhibitor)              Interstitial lung disease

     March 2025             SYH2051 tablets (selective ATM inhibitor)      Advanced solid tumors

     April 2025             JMT203 (GFRAL)                                 Cancer cachexia

     April 2025             JMT108 (PD–1/IL15)                             Advanced malignant tumors

     April 2025             SYS6041 (ADC)                                  Advanced solid tumors

     April 2025             JMT202 (FGFR1c/βKlotho)                        Hypertriglyceridemia (HTG)

     May 2025               SYH2046 tablets                                Heart failure after acute myocardial infarction

     June 2025              SYS6040 (ADC)                                  Advanced solid tumors


     Fast Track Designation Granted by the U.S. FDA
     Month                  Drug Candidate                                 Indication

                                                                           Adult patients with advanced or metastatic non-squamous non-small cell
                            CPO301 (EGFR-ADC, also known as SYS6010 in       lung cancer (Nsq-NSCLC) without EGFR mutations or other actional
     May 2025
                              China)                                         genomic alterations (AGA), with prior disease progression on platinum-
                                                                             based chemotherapy and an anti-PD-(L)1 antibody


     Major Clinical Trial Progress
     Initiation/Enrollment of Pivotal Clinical Trial
     JSKN003
     In January 2025, the first subject was enrolled in the phase III clinical trial initiated in China comparing investigator’s choice of
     chemotherapy for the second-line and third-line treatment of HER2 low expressing recurrent/metastatic breast cancer.


     In February 2025, the first subject was enrolled in the phase III clinical trial initiated in China comparing TDM1 for the
     treatment of HER2-positive advanced breast cancer in second-line and beyond.




16   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Ammuxetine hydrochloride enteric-coated tablets
In February 2025, the phase III clinical trial comparing positive control therapy for the treatment of depression was initiated in
China and is currently in the enrollment stage.


Valsartan levoamlodipine maleate tablets
In February 2025, the first subject was enrolled in the phase III clinical trial conducted in China for the treatment of primary
mild and moderate hypertension that cannot be effectively controlled by monotherapy.


SYS6010 for injection (humanised anti-human EGFR monoclonal antibody-JS-1 conjugate injection)
In April 2025, the first subject was enrolled in the phase III clinical trial conducted in China for the second-line treatment of
EGFR mutant NSCLC.


Dextromethorphan bupropion extended-release tablets
In April 2025, the first subject was enrolled in the phase III clinical trial conducted in China for the treatment of depression in
adults.


JMT101 injection (recombinant humanised anti-epidermal growth factor receptor monoclonal antibody injection)
In June 2025, the first subject was enrolled in the Part 2 of Phase III clinical trial of JMT101 injection in combination with
osimertinib for the treatment of first-line EGFR classical mutated non-small cell lung cancer.


Glumetinib tablets
In April 2025, the first subject was enrolled in the phase III clinical trial conducted in China for use in combination with
oxetinib compared with platinum-based chemotherapy for the treatment of MET amplification or overexpression in NSCLC
after EGFR-TKI resistance.


In June 2025, the first subject was enrolled in the phase II/III clinical trial conducted in China for use in combination
with oxetinib compared with oxetinib for the first-line treatment of classical EGFR mutations with MET amplification or
overexpression in NSCLC.


Paclitaxel cationic liposome for injection
In June 2025, the first subject was enrolled in the Phase Ib/III clinical trial conducted in China of combination systemic
therapy for first-line treatment of colorectal cancer liver metastases.


Sirolimus for injection (albumin-bound)
In May 2025, the first subject was enrolled in the phase III clinical trial conducted in China for use in combination with
fulvestrant for the treatment of HR-positive/HER2-negative breast cancer in second-line and above.


In June 2025, the first subject was enrolled in the phase Ib/III clinical trial conducted in China for use in combination with
palbociclib and fluvestrant for the first-line treatment of HR-positive/HER2-negative breast cancer.




                                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2025      17
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     SYHA1813 oral solution
     In June 2025, the first subject was enrolled in the phase II/III clinical trial conducted in China in combination with SG001
     (Enshuxing (恩舒幸®)) for consolidation after radiotherapy in small cell lung cancer.


     SYHX1901 tablets
     In June 2025, the first subject was enrolled in the phase III clinical trial conducted in China for the treatment of moderate-to-
     severe plaque psoriasis.


     Prusogliptin tablets
     In July 2025, the first subject was enrolled in the phase III clinical trial conducted in China in combination with dapagliflozin
     and metformin for the treatment of type 2 diabetes.


     Last Subject Enrollment/Database Lock/Statistical Analysis Results of Pivotal Clinical Trials
     KN026 injection
     In April 2025, the last subject was enrolled in the phase III clinical trial conducted in China of KN026 in combination with
     docetaxel (albumin-bound) compared with trastuzumab and pertuzumab in combination with docetaxel injection for the first-
     line treatment of HER2-positive breast cancer.


     In July 2025, the clinical summary report was completed for the phase II/III clinical trial conducted in China of KN026 in
     combination with Paclitaxel or irinotecan for the treatment of HER2-positive gastric cancer in second line and beyond (including
     gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma).


     DP303c injection (recombinant humanised anti-HER2 monoclonal antibody-MMAE conjugate injection)
     In April 2025, the last subject was enrolled in the phase III clinical trial conducted in China for the treatment of HER2-positive
     advanced breast cancer in second-line and beyond.


     Daunorubicin cytarabine liposome for injection
     In April 2025, the database lock was completed for bioequivalence clinical trials conducted in China for the treatment of AML
     in the elderly patients who have not been previously treated.


     TG103 injection (GLP-1 receptor agonists)
     In June 2025, the clinical summary report was completed for the phase III clinical trial conducted in China for the treatment
     of overweight and obesity.


     Mitoxantrone hydrochloride liposome injection
     In June 2025, the database lock was completed for the phase III clinical trial conducted in China for the treatment of
     relapsed/refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma in second-line and beyond.




18   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Pertuzumab injection
In June 2025, the topline results were obtained from the phase III clinical trial conducted in China, which evaluated the
trastuzumab in combination with docetaxel for the treatment of early or locally advanced HER2-positive breast cancer.


Semaglutide injection
In June 2025, the clinical study summary report was completed for the phase III clinical trial conducted in China for the
treatment of type 2 diabetes.


Publication of Major Results
Product                        Study Title                                                Journals/Meetings

                               Phase I clinical trial of HA121-28 for the treatment of
HA121-28 tablets (small
                                 advanced solid tumors
  molecule tyrosine kinase                                                                Signal Transduct Target Ther (IF40.8)
                               Phase II clinical study of HA121-28 for the treatment of
  inhibitor)
                                 patients with RET fusion-positive NSCLC

                               Phase Ib clinical trial of mitoxantrone liposomal drug
Duoenda (多恩達®)
                                 for the treatment of head and neck squamous cell         Oral Oncology (IF4.0)
  (mitoxantrone liposome)
                                 carcinoma

SWY321(EGFR/c-MET                                                                         2025 American Association for Cancer Research (AACR)
                               Non-clinical study
  ADC)                                                                                      Annual Meeting — poster presentation

SYH2039 (MAT2A small                                                                      2025 American Association for Cancer Research (AACR)
                               Non-clinical study
  molecule inhibitor)                                                                       Annual Meeting — oral presentation

                                                                                          2025 American Association for Cancer Research (AACR)
SYS6041(FRαADC)                Non-clinical study
                                                                                            Annual Meeting — poster presentation

                                                                                          2025 American Association for Cancer Research (AACR)
SYS6042(TROP2 ADC)             Non-clinical study
                                                                                            Annual Meeting — poster presentation

                                                                                          2025 American Association for Cancer Research (AACR)
SYS6051(TF-ADC)                Non-clinical study
                                                                                            Annual Meeting — poster presentation

JMT601 (CD20/CD47              Phase I trial of JMT601 for the treatment of               2025 American Association for Cancer Research (AACR)
  bispecific fusion protein)     CD20-positive B-cell non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma                Annual Meeting — poster presentation

                               Phase III equivalence clinical study of omalizumab for
                                 injection in combination with Xolair (茁樂®) for the
Omalizumab for injection                                                                  Chinese Medical Journal (IF7.1)
                                 treatment of patients with chronic spontaneous
                                 urticaria

DBPR108 tablets                PK/PD study of DBPR108 tablets in patients with type
                                                                                          Clinical Pharmacokinetics (IF4.6)
  (Prusogliptin Tablets)         2 diabetes

JMT101 injection                                                                          2025 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO)
  (recombinant humanised       Phase II clinical trial of JMT101 in combination with        Annual Meeting — oral presentation
  anti-epidermal growth          irinotecan and SG001 versus regorafenib for the
  factor receptor monoclonal     treatment of patients with ≥3L colorectal cancer         2025 Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology (CSCO)

  antibody for injection)                                                                   — poster presentation




                                                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2025   19
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     Product                        Study Title                                                   Journals/Meetings

                                    Phase I Clinical Trial of Sirolimus for injection (albumin-   European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO Sarcoma)
     Sirolimus for injection          bound) for the treatment of PEComa                            Congress — oral presentation
        (albumin-bound)                                                                           European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) Congress
                                    Breast cancer-Phase II trial
                                                                                                    — poster presentation
                                    Phase I/II clinical trial of ALMB–0166 in patients with       American Academy of Neurology (AAN) Annual Meeting
     ALMB–0166
                                      acute spinal cord injury                                     — oral presentation and poster presentation
                                    Phase I clinical trial of ALMB–0168 in patients with          2025 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO)
     ALMB–0168
                                      osteosarcoma                                                  Annual Meeting — oral presentation
                                 Phase I clinical trial of SYS6010 for the treatment of           2025 American Association for Cancer Research (AACR)
     SYS6010 (humanised             advanced solid tumors                                           Annual Meeting — oral presentation
       anti-human EGFR
       monoclonal antibody-      Investigator initiated trial (IIT) of SYS6010 in
                                                                                                  2025 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO)
       JS-1 conjugate injection)    combination with SYH2051 for the treatment of
                                                                                                    Annual Meeting — poster presentation
                                    patients with gastrointestinal cancers symposium
                                    Investigator initiated trial (IIT) of paclitaxel cationic
                                                                                                  2025 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO)
     Paclitaxel cationic liposome      liposome for the treatment of patients with advanced
                                                                                                    Annual Meeting — online presentation
                                       solid tumors (arterial infusion chemotherapy)
                                    Phase III equivalence clinical trial of ustekinumab           Journal of American Academy of Dermatology (JAAD, IF 12.8)
                                      injection in combination with Stelara (喜達諾®)
     Ustekinumab injection                                                                        American Academy of Dermatology (AAD) Annual Meeting
                                      for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque
                                      psoriasis                                                    — poster presentation

                                    Phase III clinical trial of Enlonstobart injection (SG001)
     Enlonstobart injection
                                      in combination with chemotherapy for the treatment          Society of Gynecologic Oncology (SGO) — poster presentation
       (SG001)
                                      of cervical cancer
                                    Phase Ib clinical trial of Narlumosbart injection (JMT103)
     Narlumosbart injection                                                                       International journal of cancer (IF5.7)
                                      for the treatment of bone metastases
       (JMT103)
                                    Phase II trial for postmenopausal osteoporosis                eClinicalMedicine (IF9.6)
     Docetaxel for injection        Phase II trial of Docetaxel for injection (HB1801)            American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting
       (albumin-bound)                comparing to Taxotere for the treatment of gastric           — Gastrointestinal Diseases Session (ASCO GI)
       (HB1801)                       cancer                                                       — oral presentation
                                    Phase III trial in ≥2L of KN026 injection in combination
                                                                                                  European Society For Medical Oncology Congress (ESMO)
     KN026                            with paclitaxel or irinotecan for the treatment of
                                                                                                    — Late Breaking Abstract
                                      HER2 positive gastric cancer
                                                                                                  European Society For Medical Oncology Congress (ESMO)
                                    Phase I trial for advanced solid tumor
                                                                                                    — poster presentation
     Simmitinib                     Phase II trial of Simmitinib in combination with
                                                                                                  European Society For Medical Oncology Congress (ESMO)
                                      Irinotecan liposome for the treatment of advanced
                                                                                                    — poster presentation
                                      esophageal squamous carcinoma
                                                                                                  European Society For Medical Oncology Congress (ESMO)
     JMT203                         Phase I trial for Cachexia
                                                                                                    — poster presentation
     Ammuxetine                     Phase II trial for Depression                                 JAMA Network Open (IF10.5) — acceptance
                                                                                                  Annals of Clinical and Translational Neurology (IF5.1)
     SYHA1813                       Phase I trial for Glioma
                                                                                                    — acceptance




20   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Clinical Pipeline Overview
Registration and Pivotal Trial of Key Products
Applications for Marketing Approval Submitted in China
Drug candidate                                Type                          Target                        Indication

Meloxicam nanocrystal injection               Nanodrug                      Selective COX-2 inhibitor     Moderate-to-severe pain in adults

Clevidipine butyrate injectable emulsion      Nanodrug                      Calcium channel blocker       Hypertension

                                              Biological drug (monoclonal
Batoclimab                                                                  FcRn                          Myasthenia gravis
                                                antibody)

                                              Biological drug (monoclonal
Ustekinumab injection                                                       IL–12/IL–23p40                Psoriasis
                                                antibody)

Paclitaxel for injection (albumin-bound) II
                                              Nanodrug                      Microtubule inhibitor         Breast cancer
  (SYHX2011)

                                                                                                          Prevention of postoperative nausea
Aprepitant injection                          Chemical drug                 NK1 receptor antagonist
                                                                                                            and vomiting

                                                                                                          First-line treatment of metastatic
Irinotecan liposome injection                 Chemical drug                 DNA topoisomerase inhibitor
                                                                                                             pancreatic cancer

                                                                            D2 and 5-HT2A receptor
Paliperidone palmitate injection (1M)         Chemical drug                                               Schizophrenia
                                                                              antagonist

                                                                                                          Diabetic peripheral neuropathic pain
Pregabalin extended-release tablets           Chemical drug                 GABA receptor modulator
                                                                                                            and post-herpetic neuralgia

                                                                                                          Glycemic control in adults with type 2
Semaglutide injection                         Chemical drug                 GLP–1 receptor agonist
                                                                                                            diabetes


Applications for Marketing Approval Submitted in the U.S.
Drug candidate                                Type                          Target                        Indication

                                                                            Anti-infective, nonspecific
Amphotericin B liposome for injection         Nanodrug                                                    Invasive fungal infection
                                                                              drug

Irinotecan hydrochloride liposome injection   Nanodrug                      Topoisomerase inhibitor       Pancreatic cancer




                                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2025     21
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Pivotal Trials in China
     Drug candidate                                Type                          Target                          Indication
     DP303c injection (recombinant humanised
       anti-HER2 monoclonal antibody-MMAE          Biological drug               HER2 receptor (ADC)             Breast cancer
       conjugate injection)

     JMT101 injection (recombinant humanised                                                                     EGFR exon 20 insertion non-small
                                                   Biological drug (monoclonal
       anti-epidermal growth factor receptor                                     EGFR                              cell lung cancer/EGFR mutant non-
                                                     antibody)
       monoclonal antibody injection)                                                                              small cell lung cancer

                                                                                                                 Gastric cancer/Breast cancer/
                                                   Biological drug (bispecific
     KN026 injection                                                             HER2 bispecific antibody          Neoadjuvant therapy for breast
                                                     antibody)
                                                                                                                   cancer

                                                   Biological drug (monoclonal
     Pertuzumab injection                                                        HER2                            Breast cancer
                                                     antibody)

                                                   Biological drug (monoclonal
     TG103 injection                                                             GLP-1 receptor agonist          Obesity and overweight/Diabetes
                                                     antibody)

     Daunorubicin cytarabine liposome for                                        RNA/DNA polymerase
                                                   Nanodrug                                                      Primary treatment of secondary AML
       injection                                                                   inhibitor

     Docetaxel for injection (albumin-bound)       Nanodrug                      Microtubule inhibitor           Gastric cancer/Pancreatic cancer

                                                                                 GLP-1Ra/GLP-1 receptor
     Semaglutide injection                         Chemical drug                                                 Weight management
                                                                                   agonist

     Mitoxantrone hydrochloride liposome
                                                   Nanodrug                      Cell-cycle non-specific drug    Nasopharyngeal cancer
       injection

                                                   Biological drug (monoclonal                                   Bone metastasis of malignant solid
     JMT103 (Narlumosbart injection)                                             RANKL
                                                     antibody)                                                     tumors/Giant-cell tumor of bone

                                                                                 Cholinergic muscarinic
     Pilocarpine hydrochloride eye drops           Chemical drug                                                 Presbyopia
                                                                                   agonist

                                                   Biological drug (monoclonal
     Secukinumab injection                                                       IL-17 monoclonal antibody       Psoriasis
                                                     antibody)

     SYHX1901 tablets                              Chemical drug                 JAK&TYK dual-target inhibitor   Psoriasis

                                                                                                                 Perivascular epithelioid cell tumor
     Sirolimus for injection (albumin-bound)       Nanodrug                      mTOR inhibitor                    (PEComa)/First-line and second-
                                                                                                                   line treatment of breast cancer

     Irinotecan hydrochloride liposome injection   Nanodrug                      Topoisomerase inhibitor         Adjuvant therapy for pancreatic cancer

                                                                                 FGFR1-3& KDR&CSF1R
     Simmitinib hydrochloride tablets              Chemical drug                   multi-targeted small          Esophageal squamous cell carcinoma
                                                                                   molecule kinase inhibitor

                                                                                                                 Treatment-naive and TKI-resistant
     SYS6010 for injection                         Biological drug               EGFR(ADC)                         EGFR mutant non-small cell lung
                                                                                                                   cancer



22   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis




Drug candidate                                Type              Target                         Indication

                                                                                               CLDN18.2-positive HER2-negative
SYSA1801 injection                            Biological drug   CLDN18.2(ADC)
                                                                                                 gastric adenocarcinoma

Valsartan Levoamlodipine Maleate Tablets      Chemical drug     Angiotensin II receptor blocker Hypertension

                                                                5-Hydroxytryptamine
Ammuxetine hydrochloride enteric-coated
                                              Chemical drug       and norepinephrine           Depression
  tablets
                                                                  reuptake inhibitors

Dextromethorphan bupropion extended-
                                              Chemical drug     NMDA receptor antagonist       Depression
  release tablets

                                                                                               Treatment of patients with HER2-
                                                                                                 positive breast cancer in second-
                                                                                                 line and beyond/HER2 low
                                                                                                 expression breast cancer/platinum
JSKN003                                       Biological drug   HER2 bispecific anti-ADC
                                                                                                 resistant recurrent epithelial
                                                                                                 ovarian cancer, primary peritoneal
                                                                                                 carcinoma, or fallopian tube cancer
                                                                                                 in second-line and beyond

                                                                                               Consolidation therapy after
SYHA1813 oral solution                        Chemical drug     VEGFR/CSF1R                      chemoradiotherapy for small cell
                                                                                                 lung cancer

Prusogliptin tablets                          Chemical drug     DPP4 inhibitor                 Diabetes (combination treatment)

                                                                                               MET amplification or overexpression
                                                                                                 in EGFR-TKI-resistant non-
                                                                                                 small cell lung cancer/first-line
Glumetinib tablets                            Chemical drug     MET inhibitor                    treatment of EGFR classical
                                                                                                 mutated and MET amplification or
                                                                                                 overexpression in non-small cell
                                                                                                 lung cancer

                                                                                               First-line treatment of recurrent or
Enshuxing (恩舒幸®) (SG001)                      Biological drug   PD–1
                                                                                                 metastatic cervical cancer

Mingfule (明復樂®) (Recombinant human
                                                                Recombinant human tissue-      Ischemic stroke (within 4.5-24 hours
  TNK tissue-type plasminogen activator for   Biological drug
                                                                  type plasminogen activator     of onset)
  injection

Paclitaxel cationic liposome                                    Microtubule depolymerization
                                              Chemical drug                                    Colorectal liver metastasis
  for injection                                                   inhibitor

High-concentration hydroxocobalamin
                                              Chemical drug     cbl(VitB12)                    Methylmalonic academia (MMA)
  hydrochloride injection




                                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2025   23
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Awards and Patents
     In March 2025, the Group’s project on “Key Technology and Industrial Application of Novel Excipients for High-end
     Preparations” was awarded the Second Prize of Scientific and Technological Innovation Achievements of the China Industry-
     University-Research Institute Collaboration Association.

     In July 2025, the Group’s project on “Key Technology Research and Industrialisation of Dronedarone Hydrochloride” was
     awarded the Second Prize of Science and Technology Award of the China Pharmaceutical Association.

     From January to July 2025, 21 international patent applications under the Patent Cooperation Treaty (the “PCT”) and 197
     patent applications (137 domestic and 60 overseas) were filed by the Group, and 46 patents (18 domestic and 28 overseas)
     were granted to the Group.

     As at 31 July 2025, cumulatively 229 international patent applications under the PCT and 2,282 patent applications (1,492
     domestic and 790 overseas) were filed by the Group, and 1,024 patents (662 domestic and 362 overseas) were granted to
     the Group.

     Business Development
     The Group continues to strengthen its internal innovation capabilities and has increased R&D investment year by year. At
     present, we have built a robust pipeline and accumulated numerous high-quality innovative assets. In recent years, by out-
     licensing innovative products and forming strategic collaborations with multinational pharmaceutical companies, we have
     actively advanced the internationalisation of our pipeline and accelerated the global commercialisation of our innovations.

     Out-Licensing
     SYS6005 (ADC)
     In February 2025, the Group entered into an exclusive license agreement with Radiance Biopharma, Inc. to out-license the
     development and commercialisation rights of SYS6005 (ADC) in the United States (the “U.S.”), the European Union, the United
     Kingdom, Switzerland, Norway, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Albania, Montenegro, North Macedonia, Serbia, Australia, and Canada.
     The Group will receive upfront payments of US$15 million and is also entitled to receive potential development milestone
     payments of up to US$150 million and potential sales milestone payments of up to US$1,075 million, plus tiered royalties.

     Irinotecan Liposome Injection
     In May 2025, the Group entered into an exclusive license agreement with Cipla USA, Inc. to out-license the commercialisation
     right of irinotecan liposome injection in the U.S. The Group will receive upfront payments of US$15 million and is also entitled
     to receive potential first commercial sales and regulatory milestone payments of up to US$25 million and potential additional
     commercial sales milestone payments of up to US$1,025 million, plus tiered double-digit royalties based on the annual net
     sales in the U.S.

     Strategic Research Collaboration on AI-driven Drug Discovery Platform
     In June 2025, the Group has entered into a strategic research collaboration agreement with AstraZeneca for the discovery
     and development of novel oral small molecule candidates utilising the Group’s AI-driven, dual-engine efficient drug discovery
     platform. The Group agreed to discover pre-clinical candidates (“PCC”) for multiple targets as selected by AstraZeneca with
     potential to treat diseases across indications, including a pre-clinical small molecule oral therapy for immunological diseases.
     For each PCC program, AstraZeneca shall have rights to exercise the option for an exclusive license for development,
     manufacturing and commercialisation worldwide. The Group will receive an upfront payment of US$110 million, and is
     also entitled to receive up to US$1,620 million in potential development milestone payments and up to US$3,600 million in
     potential sales milestone payments, plus tiered royalties.

     SYH2086
     In July 2025, the Group has entered into an exclusive license agreement with Madrigal Pharmaceuticals, Inc. to out-license
     the exclusive rights to develop, manufacture and commercialise the Group’s oral small molecule glucagon-like peptide-1
     (“GLP-1”) receptor agonist, SYH2086 worldwide, while retaining the Group’s right to develop and commercialise other orally
     administered small-molecule GLP-1 receptor agonist products in China. The Group is entitled to receive a total consideration
     of up to US$2.075 billion, including an upfront payment of US$120 million plus potential development, regulatory and
     commercial milestone payments of up to US$1.955 billion, and up to double-digit royalties.


24   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



FINANCIAL REVIEW
FINANCIAL RESULTS
Revenue and Gross Profit Margin
Revenue for the first half of 2025 amounted to RMB13,273 million, a decrease of 18.5% compared to RMB16,284 million
in the first half of 2024. The decrease was mainly due to two products of the Group, Duomeisu and Jinyouli, were included
in centralised volume-based procurement. Gross profit margin for the period decreased by 6.0 percentage points to 65.6%
as compared with the same period last year, mainly due to the decrease in the proportion of revenue from the finished drug
business.


Other Income
Other income for the first half of 2025 amounted to RMB419 million (first half of 2024: RMB315 million), mainly consisting of
interest income on bank deposits and balances of RMB95 million (first half of 2024: RMB125 million) and government grant
income of RMB143 million (first half of 2024: RMB49 million).


Other Gains or Losses, Net
A net gain of RMB185 million was reported in the first half of 2025 (first half of 2024: net loss of RMB108 million), mainly
consisting of fair value gain on financial assets measured at FVTPL of RMB165 million (first half of 2024: loss of RMB84
million), net foreign exchange gain of RMB17 million (first half of 2024: loss of RMB14 million) and fair value gain on structured
bank deposits of RMB17 million (first half of 2024: RMB23 million).


Operating Expenses
Selling and distribution expenses for the first half of 2025 amounted to RMB3,049 million, a decrease of 36.2% as compared
with RMB4,777 million in the first half of 2024. During the period, the Group continued to expand the market coverage of its
products and actively promote the newly launched products, while selling expenses for products included in the centralised
volume-based procurement have been substantially reduced.


Administrative expenses for the first half of 2025 amounted to RMB402 million, a decrease of 36.5% as compared with
RMB633 million in the first half of 2024 and the decrease was mainly due to the enhancement and optimisation of expenses.


R&D expenses for the first half of 2025 amounted to RMB2,683 million, an increase of 5.5% as compared with RMB2,542
million in the first half of 2024, which was primarily attributable to the stable increase in spending on ongoing and newly
initiated clinical trials.


Income Tax Expense
Income tax expense for the first half of 2025 amounted to RMB544 million (first half of 2024: RMB750 million), which
represented provision of income tax expense based on the taxable profit of the subsidiaries and PRC withholding tax on
dividend distributions by the subsidiaries.




                                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2025      25
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     NON-HKFRS MEASURE
     For the purpose of assessing the performance of the Group, the Company has also presented the underlying profit
     attributable to shareholders of the Company as an additional financial measure, which is not required by or presented
     in accordance with the Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”). The Group believes that this non-HKFRS
     financial measure better reflects the underlying operational performance of the Group by eliminating certain non-operating
     items which the Group does not consider indicative of the Group’s operational performance. However, the presentation of
     this non-HKFRS financial measure is not intended to be a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and
     presented in accordance with HKFRS.


     Additional information is provided below to reconcile the reported and underlying profit attributable to shareholders of the
     Company:


                                                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000
     Reported profit attributable to shareholders of the Company                                             2,547,851          3,020,374
     Adjustment for:
     — Fair value (gain) loss on financial assets measured at FVTPL (note a)                                  (164,591)             84,071
     — (Reversal of) employee share-based compensation expense (note b)                                         (72,010)           118,237
     — Effect of corresponding income tax                                                                         8,271              (5,812)
     Underlying profit attributable to shareholders of the Company                                           2,319,521          3,216,870

     Notes:

     (a)      Fair value (gain)/loss on financial assets measured at FVTPL arises from the measurement of the Group’s investments in certain
              partnerships, funds and listed equity securities at fair value.

     (b)      Of the total employee share-based compensation expense recognised during the period, the Company reversed an expense of
              RMB72,280,000 (first half of 2024: recognised an expense of RMB98,618,000) in respect of share awards granted to selected
              employees of the Group by Key Honesty Limited (a shareholder of the Company).




26   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL POSITION
For the first half of 2025, the Group’s operating activities generated a cash inflow of RMB3,187 million (first half of 2024:
RMB1,425 million). Turnover days of trade receivables (ratio of balance of trade receivables to sales, inclusive of value
added tax for sales in China) was 76 days, higher than 62 days in 2024, which was mainly due to the slower settlement
by customers during the period. The Group will strengthen the control and management in this aspect. Turnover days of
inventories (ratio of balance of inventories to cost of sales) was 114 days, lower than 132 days in 2024. Current ratio was 2.2
as at 30 June 2025, which remains stable as compared with 2.3 as at the end of 2024. Capital expenditure for the period
amounted to RMB925 million, which was mainly spent to construct production facilities and improve production efficiency.


The Group’s financial position remained solid. As at 30 June 2025, the Group had bank deposits, balances and cash of
RMB10,291 million (31 December 2024: RMB9,187 million), structured bank deposits of RMB1,936 million (31 December
2024: RMB1,307 million) and bank borrowings of RMB247 million (31 December 2024: RMB392 million). As at 30 June
2025, gearing ratio (ratio of bank borrowings to total equity) was 0.7% (31 December 2024: 1.2%).


The Group’s sales revenues are denominated in Renminbi for domestic sales in China and US dollars for export sales. The
Group manages its foreign exchange risks by closely monitoring its foreign exchange exposures and mitigating the impact of
foreign currency fluctuations by using appropriate hedging arrangements when considered necessary.


PLEDGE OF ASSETS
As at 30 June 2025, bank deposits of approximately RMB4 million (31 December 2024: approximately RMB44 million) have
been pledged to secure short-term banking facilities.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
The Group did not have any material contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2025.


EMPLOYEES
The Group employed a total of 19,266 employees as at 30 June 2025, with a majority of them employed in mainland China.
The Group continues to offer competitive remuneration packages, discretionary share options, share awards and bonuses to
eligible staff, based on the performance of the Group and the individual employee.




                                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2025     27
     Report on Review of Condensed Consolidated Financial
     Statements




     TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF
     CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
     石藥集團有限公司
     (Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


     INTRODUCTION
     We have reviewed the condensed consolidated financial statements of CSPC Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”)
     and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 29 to 58, which comprise the condensed
     consolidated statement of financial position as of 30 June 2025 and the related condensed consolidated income statement,
     condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income, condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity
     and condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the six-month period then ended, and notes to the condensed
     consolidated financial statements . The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
     Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions
     thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“HKAS 34”) issued by the Hong Kong
     Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”). The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation
     and presentation of these condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with HKAS 34. Our responsibility
     is to express a conclusion on these condensed consolidated financial statements based on our review, and to report our
     conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do
     not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


     SCOPE OF REVIEW
     We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim
     Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the HKICPA. A review of these
     condensed consolidated financial statements consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and
     accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit
     conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance
     that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an
     audit opinion.


     CONCLUSION
     Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the condensed consolidated financial
     statements are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with HKAS 34.




     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong
     22 August 2025




28   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Condensed Consolidated Income Statement
For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                 2025             2024
                                                    NOTE     RMB’000          RMB’000

Revenue                                              3      13,273,416      16,284,282
Cost of sales                                               (4,563,224)     (4,629,735)

Gross profit                                                 8,710,192      11,654,547
Other income                                                  419,259          314,988
Other gains or losses, net                                    185,035         (107,667)
Selling and distribution expenses                           (3,049,160)     (4,777,410)
Administrative expenses                                       (401,715)       (632,842)
Research and development expenses                           (2,682,631)     (2,541,991)
Other expenses                                                 (28,892)        (34,851)
Share of results of associates                                 (14,709)        (27,239)
Share of results of joint ventures                               1,940         (24,430)
Finance costs                                                  (21,652)        (21,975)

Profit before tax                                    4       3,117,667       3,801,130
Income tax expense                                   5        (543,617)       (749,664)

Profit for the period                                        2,574,050       3,051,466

Profit for the period attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                      2,547,851       3,020,374
  Non-controlling interests                                    26,199           31,092

                                                             2,574,050       3,051,466

                                                           RMB cents        RMB cents
Earnings per share                                   6
  — Basic                                                        22.29           25.51
  — Diluted                                                      22.29           25.51




                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2025   29
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



                                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                    2025           2024
                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000

     Profit for the period                                                      2,574,050      3,051,466

     Other comprehensive (expense) income:
     Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
     Fair value (loss) gain on financial assets measured at
       fair value through other comprehensive income, net of income tax          (120,631)      931,249
     Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
     Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                      7,357         (9,449)

     Other comprehensive (expense) income for the period, net of income tax      (113,274)      921,800

     Total comprehensive income for the period                                  2,460,776      3,973,266

     Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to:
       Owners of the Company                                                    2,434,577      3,942,174
       Non-controlling interests                                                  26,199          31,092

                                                                                2,460,776      3,973,266




30   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



                                                     30 June 2025               31 December 2024
                                              NOTE      RMB’000                           RMB’000

Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                  8       11,771,719                       11,374,442
Right-of-use assets                            9        1,242,424                        1,128,458
Investment property                                        54,474                           56,127
Goodwill                                                  234,904                          234,904
Intangible assets                              10       2,655,352                        2,609,506
Interests in associates                                   800,385                          815,094
Interests in joint ventures                               722,739                          711,799
Other financial assets                         11       2,370,593                        2,334,120
Deferred tax assets                                       203,302                          250,297
Deposits, prepayments and other receivables    13         616,374                          576,100
Bank deposits                                  16       2,720,000                        2,410,000

                                                       23,392,266                       22,500,847

Current assets
Inventories                                             2,870,785                        3,130,014
Trade receivables                              12       5,841,885                        5,160,672
Deposits, prepayments and other receivables    13       1,184,227                          887,059
Bills receivables                              14       2,580,340                        4,035,490
Amounts due from related companies             23         310,399                          359,123
Amounts due from joint ventures                23         119,021                           65,475
Other financial assets                         11         196,049                          166,105
Structured bank deposits                       15       1,936,451                        1,307,007
Bank deposits, balances and cash               16       7,570,931                        6,777,199
                                                                    6,777,199




                                                       22,610,088                       21,888,144




                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2025   31
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     As at 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



                                                                   30 June 2025   31 December 2024
                                                          NOTE        RMB’000             RMB’000

     Current liabilities
     Trade payables                                           17      1,678,187          1,667,247
     Other payables                                           18      6,208,638          5,741,793
     Contract liabilities                                               659,756            283,901
     Bills payables                                           19        609,456            945,753
     Amounts due to related companies                         23        255,780            272,659
     Amounts due to joint ventures                            23        220,450            133,965
     Lease liabilities                                                   88,791             58,991
     Tax liabilities                                                    143,984            137,514
     Bank borrowings                                          20        247,459            392,204

                                                                     10,112,501          9,634,027

     Net current assets                                              12,497,587         12,254,117

     Total assets less current liabilities                           35,889,853         34,754,964

     Non-current liabilities
     Other payables                                           18        439,678            407,808
     Lease liabilities                                                  158,750             56,135
     Deferred tax liabilities                                           427,549            424,731

                                                                      1,025,977            888,674

     Net assets                                                      34,863,876         33,866,290

     Capital and reserves
     Share capital                                            21     11,036,169         11,032,752
     Reserves                                                        22,213,460         21,231,943

     Equity attributable to owners of the Company                    33,249,629         32,264,695
     Non-controlling interests                                        1,614,247          1,601,595

     Total equity                                                    34,863,876         33,866,290




32   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



                                                                                                Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                          Equity attributable to non-controlling interests

                                                                                  Employee                                                                                                             Employee
                                                                                     share-                                                                                                         share-based
                                                                   Treasury          based                                             Capital                                                     compensation            Share of
                                                         Share        share    compensation         Other         Statutory       contribution      Translation    Accumulated                         reserve of     net assets of
                                                        capital     reserve         reserve      reserves         reserves            reserve          reserve          profits      Sub-total       a subsidiary      subsidiaries          Sub-total          Total
                                                       RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                   (note i)          (note i )         (note i i)

At 1 January 2024                                     10,899,412   (316,214)         28,346     (4,048,069)       2,209,844            390,526           4,503       24,034,860     33,203,208             6,722          1,808,082          1,814,804       35,018,012
Profit for the period                                          –          –               –              –                –                  –               –        3,020,374      3,020,374                 –             31,092             31,092        3,051,466
Other comprehensive income (expense)
  for the period, net of income tax                            –          –                –      931,249                   –                  –         (9,449)               –      921,800                   –                  –                     –     921,800

Total comprehensive income (expense) for the period            –          –                –      931,249                   –                  –         (9,449)       3,020,374     3,942,174                  –            31,092              31,092       3,973,266
Dividend recognised as distribution (note 7)                   –          –                –            –                   –                  –              –       (1,531,855)   (1,531,855)                 –                 –                   –      (1,531,855)
Dividends paid to non-control ing interests                    –          –                –            –                   –                  –              –                –             –                  –           (98,496)            (98,496)         (98,496)
Purchase of shares under share award scheme                    –   (299,711)               –     (222,742)                  –                  –              –                –      (522,453)                 –                 –                   –        (522,453)
Recognition of employee share-based
  compensation expense                                         –          –          19,902              –                  –            98,618               –                –       118,520               (283)                –                (283)        118,237
Cancel ation of shares repurchased                             –          –                –             –                  –                 –               –        (353,166)      (353,166)                 –                 –                   –        (353,166)
Vesting of shares under share award scheme                     –      3,884           (5,518)            –                  –                 –               –            1,634              –                 –                 –                   –               –
Acquisition of additional interests in a subsidiary            –          –                –             –                  –                 –               –          (70,258)       (70,258)                –          (169,338)           (169,338)       (239,596)
Deemed disposal of partial interest of interest in
  a subsidiary                                                –           –                –             –                –                    –              –          (41,636)      (41,636)                 –            41,636             41,636               –
Capital contribution from non-control ing interests           –           –                –             –                –                    –              –                –             –                  –             1,959              1,959           1,959
Transfer to statutory reserves                                –           –                –             –           25,588                    –              –          (25,588)            –                  –                 –                  –               –
Exercise of share options                               133,340           –          (26,910)            –                –                    –              –                –      106,430                   –                 –                  –         106,430

At 30 June 2024                                       11,032,752   (612,041)         15,820     (3,339,562)       2,235,432            489,144           (4,946)     25,034,365     34,850,964             6,439          1,614,935          1,621,374       36,472,338

At 1 January 2025                                     11,032,752   (612,041)          7,969     (4,377,302)       2,305,483            588,845          (25,091)     23,344,080     32,264,695             6,805          1,594,790          1,601,595       33,866,290
Profit for the period                                          –          –               –              –                –                  –                –       2,547,851      2,547,851                 –             26,199             26,199        2,574,050
Other comprehensive (expense) income
  for the period, net of income tax                            –          –                –     (120,631)                  –                  –         7,357                 –      (113,274)                 –                  –                     –     (113,274)

Total comprehensive (expense) income for the period            –          –                –     (120,631)                  –                  –         7,357        2,547,851      2,434,577                  –            26,199             26,199        2,460,776
Dividend recognised as distribution (note 7)                   –          –                –            –                   –                  –             –       (1,041,345)    (1,041,345)                 –                 –                  –       (1,041,345)
Dividends paid to non-control ing interests                    –          –                –            –                   –                  –             –                –              –                  –            (7,174)            (7,174)          (7,174)
Recognition of employee share-based
  compensation expense                                         –          –              270             –                  –           (72,280)              –               –        (72,010)                 –                  –                  –         (72,010)
Cancel ation of shares repurchased                             –          –                –             –                  –                 –               –        (277,634)      (277,634)                 –                  –                  –        (277,634)
Acquisition of additional interests in a subsidiary            –          –                –             –                  –                 –               –         (61,381)       (61,381)                 –             (6,373)            (6,373)        (67,754)
Exercise of share options                                  3,417          –             (690)            –                  –                 –               –               –          2,727                  –                  –                  –           2,727

At 30 June 2025                                       11,036,169   (612,041)          7,549     (4,497,933)       2,305,483            516,565          (17,734)     24,511,571     33,249,629             6,805          1,607,442          1,614,247       34,863,876

Notes:

(i)           The balance in other reserves mainly included an amount of RMB4,030,633,000 which represents the difference between the fair
              value of the deemed consideration under the reverse acquisition of RMB2,631,198,000 and the fair value of the consideration paid
              by the Company of RMB6,661,831,000 in the reverse acquisition on 29 October 2012, and the accumulated changes in fair value
              of financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”); and iii) repurchase of shares of CSPC
              Innovation Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., a non-wholly owned listed subsidiary of the Company, for staff share incentive purpose.

(ii)          The statutory reserves were appropriated from the profit after tax of the Company’s subsidiaries in the People’s Republic of China (the
              “PRC”) under the laws and regulations of the PRC.

(iii)         The balance in capital contribution reserve mainly included the deemed contribution by CSPC Holdings Company Limited (“CHL”),
              which comprise (1) the difference between the carrying amount of the net assets of entities comprising Robust Sun Holdings Limited
              (“Robust Sun”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Robust Sun Group”) and the consideration paid to CHL and its
              subsidiaries during group reorganisation under Robust Sun Group in 2012; (2) the imputed interest arising on a non-interest bearing
              loan from CHL in 2012, (3) deemed capital contribution arising from the acquisition of CSPC Shengxue Glucose Co. Ltd. from CHL in
              2016 and (4) deemed capital contribution arising from the grant of share awards to employees of the Group in 2022 by a shareholder.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2025                               33
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                       2025           2024
                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000

     Net cash from operating activities                            3,187,376      1,425,425

     Net cash used in investing activities:
       Purchase of property, plant and equipment                  (1,203,202)      (649,199)
       Purchase of right-of-use assets                                     –         (2,300)
       Purchase of intangible assets                                (223,810)       (95,018)
       Purchase of other financial assets                           (100,836)       (22,619)
       Capital injection to an associate                                   –        (47,500)
       Capital injection to a joint venture                          (29,000)       (93,000)
       Receipt of government grants                                 114,250          24,079
       Refund of deposits paid for right-of-use assets               18,500           2,200
       Placement of structured bank deposits                        (775,000)    (1,697,000)
       Placement of bank deposits                                   (690,000)      (500,000)
       Placement of restricted and pledged deposits                  (18,132)       (11,914)
       Withdrawal of structured bank deposits                       157,038        354,507
       Withdrawal of bank deposits                                  400,000        376,130
       Withdrawal of restricted and pledged bank deposits            50,135          10,864
       Interest received                                            100,235        124,782
       Dividend received from a joint venture                        20,000          20,000
       Dividend received from an associate                                 –          5,070
       Proceeds from distribution of other financial assets          58,089          17,610
       Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment         5,303         49,900

                                                                  (2,116,430)    (2,133,408)




34   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                             2025             2024
                                                                NOTE     RMB’000          RMB’000

Net cash used in financing activities:
  Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                               (7,174)        (98,496)
  Dividends paid                                                                 –      (1,531,855)
  Interest on lease liabilities                                             (4,216)          (4,551)
  Interest on bank borrowings                                                 (631)               –
  Repayment of lease liabilities                                           (73,278)        (71,196)
  Repayment of bank borrowings                                                   –           (8,766)
  New bank borrowings raised                                               21,000                 –
  Advances drawn on bill receivables discounted with recourse             182,734          232,265
  Capital contribution from non-controlling interests                            –           1,959
  Repurchase of ordinary shares                                           (277,634)       (353,166)
  Acquisition of additional interests in a subsidiary                      (67,754)        (38,865)
  Purchase of shares under share award scheme                                    –        (522,453)
  Proceeds from issue of shares upon exercise of options                     2,727         106,430

                                                                          (224,226)     (2,288,694)

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                      846,720       (2,996,677)
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                   5,917,376      10,490,845
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                       (985)          1,223

Cash and cash equivalents at 30 June,
  represented by bank balances and cash                          16      6,763,111       7,495,391




                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2025    35
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



     1.   BASIS OF PREPARATION
          CSPC Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”) is a public limited company incorporated in Hong Kong and its
          shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).


          The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting
          Standard 34 (“HKAS 34”) Interim Financial Reporting issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
          (the “HKICPA”) as well as with the applicable disclosure requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities
          on the Stock Exchange.


          The financial information relating to the year ended 31 December 2024 that is included in these condensed
          consolidated financial statements as comparative information does not constitute the Company’s statutory annual
          consolidated financial statements for that year but is derived from those financial statements. Further information
          relating to these statutory financial statements is as follows:


          The Company has delivered the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024 to the Registrar of
          Companies as required by section 662(3) of, and Part 3 of Schedule 6 to, the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


          The Company’s auditor has reported on those financial statements. The auditor’s report was unqualified; did not
          include a reference to any matters to which the auditor drew attention by way of emphasis without qualifying its report;
          and did not contain a statement under sections 406(2), 407(2) or (3) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


     2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for certain
          financial instruments, which are measured at fair values, as appropriate.


          The accounting policies and methods of computation used in the condensed consolidated financial statements for the
          six months ended 30 June 2025 are the same as those presented in the Group’s annual financial statements for the
          year ended 31 December 2024.


          APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARD
          In the current interim period, the Group has applied the following amendments to a HKFRS Accounting Standard
          issued by the HKICPA, for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1
          January 2025 for the preparation of the Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements:


          Amendments to HKAS 21                         Lack of Exchangeability

          The application of the amendments to a HKFRS Accounting Standard in the current interim period has had no material
          impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior periods and/or on the disclosures
          set out in these condensed consolidated financial statements.




36   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



3.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

                                                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000

     Sale of goods                                                                               12,198,749         16,284,282
     Licence fee income                                                                            1,074,667                   –

     Total revenue                                                                               13,273,416         16,284,282


     Information reported to executive directors, being the chief operating decision maker, for the purpose of resources
     allocation and assessment of segment performance focuses on types of goods delivered. The reportable segments of
     the Group are as follows:


     (a)    Finished drugs — research and development, manufacture and sale of pharmaceutical products and licence fee
            income;


     (b)    Bulk products — manufacture and sale of vitamin C and antibiotic products in bulk powder form; and


     (c)    Functional food and others — manufacture and sale of functional food products (including caffeine food additives,
            anhydrous glucose, acarbose and vitamin C buccal tablets), provision of healthcare services and others.


     SALE OF GOODS
     Revenue is recognised at a point in time when control of the goods has been transferred, being when the goods have
     been delivered to the customer’s specific location. Following the delivery, the customer bears the risks of obsolescence
     and loss in relation to the goods.


     LICENCE FEE INCOME
     (i)    Revenue recognised at a point in time
            The Group provides licence of its patented intellectual property or commercialisation rights to customers. Licence
            fee income is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the intellectual property. The
            consideration received comprises a fixed element (the upfront payment) and variable elements (including but not
            limited to milestone payments and sales-based royalties).


            For licence associated with customers’ right to use, upfront payment received is initially recorded as contract
            liabilities and recognised as revenue only when customers have ability to use the licence and variable
            consideration is recognised only to the extent that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a
            significant revenue reversal in the future.


     (ii)   Revenue recognised over time
            The Group enters into collaboration agreements to perform research and development activities and to grant
            licences to customers. Revenue is recognised over time on a systematic basis that reflects the customer’s
            receipt and consumption of the benefits, by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of the
            relevant performance obligation.




                                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2025     37
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



     3.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
          The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by operating and reportable segments.


          Six months ended 30 June 2025


                                                                                        Functional
                                                                Bulk products
                                                Finished                                 food and      Segment
                                                   drugs    Vitamin C    Antibiotics       others         total Eliminations Consolidated
                                                RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000

          Segment revenue
          Sale of goods                         9,172,985   1,196,107       878,601       951,056     12,198,749             –     12,198,749
          Inter-segment sales                           –       2,106        68,063        12,873         83,042       (83,042)             –
          Licence fee income                    1,074,667           –             –             –      1,074,667             –      1,074,667

          Total revenue                        10,247,652   1,198,213       946,664       963,929     13,356,458       (83,042)    13,273,416

          Segment profit                        2,392,744    180,983        145,224       209,421                                   2,928,372

          Unallocated income                                                                                                          276,533
          Unallocated expenses                                                                                                        (52,817)
          Share of results of associates                                                                                              (14,709)
          Share of results of joint ventures                                                                                            1,940
          Finance costs                                                                                                               (21,652)

          Profit before tax                                                                                                         3,117,667


          Six months ended 30 June 2024


                                                                                         Functional
                                                                Bulk products
                                                 Finished                                 food and     Segment
                                                    drugs   Vitamin C     Antibiotics        others       total    Eliminations   Consolidated
                                                RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000

          Segment revenue
          Sale of goods                        13,549,079    983,900        870,894       880,409     16,284,282            –      16,284,282
          Inter-segment sales                           –     16,427         99,803        71,526        187,756     (187,756)              –

          Total revenue                        13,549,079   1,000,327       970,697       951,935     16,472,038     (187,756)     16,284,282

          Segment profit                        3,488,515      67,623       186,195       174,924                                   3,917,257

          Unallocated income                                                                                                          147,550
          Unallocated expenses                                                                                                       (190,033)
          Share of results of associates                                                                                               (27,239)
          Share of results of joint ventures                                                                                           (24,430)
          Finance costs                                                                                                                (21,975)

          Profit before tax                                                                                                         3,801,130




38   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



3.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     Segment profit represents the profit earned by each segment without allocation of interest income, fair value changes
     on structured bank deposits, fair value changes on financial assets measured at FVTPL, central administrative
     expenses, share of results of associates and joint ventures and finance costs. This is the measure reported to the
     executive directors for the purposes of resources allocation and performance assessment.


     Inter-segment sales are charged at prevailing market rates.


     The executive directors make decisions according to operating results of each segment. No analysis of segment asset
     and segment liability is presented as the executive directors do not regularly review such information for the purposes
     of resources allocation and performance assessment. Therefore, only segment revenue and segment results are
     presented.


     GEOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION
     The revenue from the external customers by geographical market (irrespective of the origin of the goods or license)
     based on the location of the customers are presented below:


                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                    2025              2024
                                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000

     Mainland China                                                                          10,553,392         14,256,973
     Other Asian regions                                                                         662,101           643,601
     Europe                                                                                    1,215,560           692,788
     North America                                                                               499,403           398,320
     Others                                                                                      342,960           292,600

                                                                                             13,273,416         16,284,282




                                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2025     39
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



     4.   PROFIT BEFORE TAX

                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                    2025              2024
                                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000

          Profit before tax has been arrived at after charging/(crediting):


          Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                          520,144          494,710
          Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                     91,761            81,568
          Depreciation of investment property                                                       1,653            1,653
          Amortisation of intangible assets                                                       77,937            53,600

          Total depreciation and amortisation                                                    691,495          631,531

          (Reversal of) recognition of employee share-based compensation expenses                 (72,010)        118,237
          Government grant income (included in other income)                                    (142,906)          (49,243)
          Fair value (gain)/loss on financial assets measured at FVTPL
            (included in other gains or losses)                                                 (164,591)           84,071
          Fair value gain on structured bank deposits (included in other gains or losses)         (16,969)         (22,768)
          Impairment losses recognised under expected credit loss model
            (included in other gains or losses)                                                     7,713           11,701
          Interest income on bank deposits and balances (included in other income)                (94,749)        (124,782)
          Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment (included in other gains
            or losses)                                                                               666            13,539
          Net foreign exchange (gain)/loss (included in other gains or losses)                    (17,342)          14,371


          For the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 2024, cost of inventories recognised as an expense approximated cost of
          sales as shown in the condensed consolidated income statement.




40   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



5.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                2025            2024
                                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000

     Current taxation
       — PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                                       397,684             726,935
       — PRC withholding tax on dividends distributed by subsidiaries                                      69,515            213,500
       — Overseas taxation                                                                                  6,232              6,680

                                                                                                         473,431             947,115
     Deferred taxation                                                                                     70,186           (197,451)

                                                                                                         543,617             749,664


     No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made as the Group did not have assessable profits for both periods.


     The standard tax rate of the Company’s PRC subsidiaries is 25% under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax
     (the “EIT Law”) and implementation regulations of the EIT Law. Certain subsidiaries of the Company are qualified as
     High and New Technology Enterprises, and they are subject to a preferential tax rate of 15% up to 2027.


     Under the EIT Law, dividends distributed by a company established in the PRC to foreign investor with respect to
     profits earned from 1 January 2008 onwards are subject to a withholding tax of 10%. The tax rate will be reduced to
     5% if such foreign investors meet certain conditions specified in the relevant tax regulations. Deferred taxation has
     not been provided for in respect of temporary differences attributable to accumulated profits of the PRC subsidiaries
     amounting to approximately RMB31,324,729,000 (31 December 2024: RMB28,904,490,000) as the Group is able to
     control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not
     reverse in the foreseeable future.


     Taxation arising in other jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing in relevant jurisdictions.


     The Group is operating in certain jurisdictions where the Pillar Two Rules are effective. As the Group’s estimated
     effective tax rates of such in-effect jurisdiction in which the Group operates is higher than 15%, after taking into
     account the adjustments under the Global Anti-base Erosion Rules based on management’s best estimate, the
     management of the Group considered the Group is not liable to top-up tax under the Pillar Two Rules.




                                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2025   41
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



     6.   EARNINGS PER SHARE
          The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the owners of the Company is based on the
          following data:


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   2025                       2024

          Profit attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)                                                                                                                                                                                                               2,547,851                  3,020,374
          W                                    e   i   g   h   t   e   d        a   v   e   r   a   g   e   n   u   m   b   e   r   o   f   o   r   d   i   n   a   r   y   s   h   a   r   e   s   f   o   r   t   h   e   p   u   r   p   o   s   e   o   f
          basic earnings per share (in ’000)                                                                                                                                                                                                                    11,432,814                  11,838,461




          Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of basic earnings
                                                           per share (in ’000)                                                                                                                                                                                                11,432,814                 11,838,461
          Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
                                                           Share options and share awards (in ’000)                                                                                                                                                                                 113                        233

          Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
                                                           diluted earnings per share (in ’000)                                                                                                                                                                               11,432,927                 11,838,694


          The weighted average number of ordinary shares for the calculation of basic earnings per share for both periods have
          been adjusted for the shares held by the trustee pursuant to the share award scheme of the Company.


     7.   DIVIDENDS
          (a)                                                              INTERIM DIVIDEND
                                                                           The board of directors has declared the payment of an interim dividend of HK14 cents per share for 2025 (2024:
                                                                           HK16 cents (approximately RMB14.7 cents) per share amounting to approximately RMB1,716,637,000) after the
                                                                           end of the current interim period, which has not been recognised as a liability at the end of the interim period.


          (b)                                                              FINAL DIVIDEND APPROVED DURING THE CURRENT INTERIM PERIOD


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   2025                       2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               RMB’000                    RMB’000

                                                                           Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year, approved
                                                                             during the following interim period, of HK10.0 cents
                                                                             (approximately to RMB9.1 cents) (2024: HK14.0 cents
                                                                             (approximately to RMB13.0 cents)) per share                                                                                                                                                       1,050,465                  1,540,544
                                                                           Less: Dividend for shares held by share award scheme                                                                                                                                                   (9,120)                    (8,689)

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               1,041,345                  1,531,855


                                                                           The final dividend of HK10 cents per share for the year ended 31 December 2024 was declared during the
                                                                           current interim period, paid to the owners of the Company subsequent to the end of the current interim period
                                                                           and recognised as a liability on 30 June 2025. The final dividend of HK14 cents per share for the year ended 31
                                                                           December 2023 was declared and paid to owners of the Company during the six months ended 30 June 2024.




42   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



8.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                 2025             2024
                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

     Cost
       At beginning of the period                           17,742,574      15,828,820
       Additions                                              925,320          629,408
       Disposals                                               (97,981)       (182,769)
       Exchange adjustments                                     (1,706)            598

       At end of the period                                 18,568,207      16,276,057

     Accumulated depreciation
       At beginning of the period                           (6,368,132)     (5,412,221)
       Provided during the period                             (520,144)       (494,710)
       Eliminated on disposals                                 92,012          119,330
       Exchange adjustments                                       (224)           (408)

       At end of the period                                 (6,796,488)     (5,788,009)

     Net carrying amount
       At end of the period                                 11,771,719      10,488,048

       At beginning of the period                           11,374,442      10,416,599


9.   RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                 2025             2024
                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

     Net carrying amount at beginning of the period          1,128,458       1,226,293
     Additions                                                206,006            2,548
     Depreciation provided during the period                   (91,761)        (81,568)
     Exchange adjustments                                         (279)            533

     Net carrying amount at end of the period                1,242,424       1,147,806




                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2025   43
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



     10. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                 2025                   2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000                RMB’000

          Cost
            At beginning of the period                                                                     3,305,776              2,745,489
            Additions                                                                                        123,810                  95,018
            Exchange adjustments                                                                                  (135)                  203

            At end of the period                                                                           3,429,451              2,840,710

          Accumulated amortisation and impairment loss
            At beginning of the period                                                                       (696,270)              (546,940)
            Provided during the period                                                                        (77,937)               (53,600)
            Exchange adjustments                                                                                  108                    (152)

            At end of the period                                                                             (774,099)              (600,692)

          Net carrying amount
            At end of the period                                                                           2,655,352              2,240,018

            At beginning of the period                                                                     2,609,506              2,198,549


     11. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS

                                                                                                       30 June 2025       31 December 2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000                RMB’000

          Unlisted investments in partnerships and funds                                                   1,658,291              1,578,184
          Listed equity securities                                                                           469,264                519,895
          Unlisted equity securities                                                                         439,087                402,146

                                                                                                           2,566,642              2,500,225

          Financial assets measured at FVTPL                                                               1,958,154              1,789,816
          Financial assets measured at FVTOCI (note)                                                         608,488                710,409

                                                                                                           2,566,642              2,500,225

          Analysed as:
            Current                                                                                          196,049                166,105
            Non-current                                                                                    2,370,593              2,334,120

                                                                                                           2,566,642              2,500,225

          Note: The above investments are mainly focused on the healthcare industry. The directors of the Company have elected to designate
                these investments to be measured at FVTOCI as they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations in these investments’ fair
                value in profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding these investments for long-term purposes
                and realising their performance potential in the long run.




44   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



11. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS (continued)
     The directors of the Company consider that the Group does not have any control nor significant influence to affect the
     variable returns through its investment in those enterprises or similar activities.


     During the current interim period, the Group received RMB58,089,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024:
     RMB17,610,000) upon distribution by the partnerships and funds, which was also the fair value as at the date of
     distribution.


12. TRADE RECEIVABLES

                                                                                           30 June 2025     31 December 2024
                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000

     Trade receivables                                                                        5,908,039            5,219,113
     Less: allowance for expected credit loss                                                   (66,154)             (58,441)

                                                                                              5,841,885            5,160,672


     The Group allows a general credit period of 90 days to its trade customers. The following is an aged analysis of trade
     receivables (net of allowance for expected credit loss) at the end of the reporting period presented based on invoice
     dates which approximated the respective revenue recognition dates:


                                                                                           30 June 2025     31 December 2024
                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000

     0 to 90 days                                                                             4,868,920            4,322,517
     91 to 180 days                                                                             855,376              672,925
     181 to 365 days                                                                            115,493              147,431
     More than 365 days                                                                           2,096               17,799

                                                                                              5,841,885            5,160,672




                                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2025   45
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



     13. DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                      30 June          31 December
                                                                                                          2025                   2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000

          Prepayments for raw materials and research and development expenses                         183,243                  207,080
          Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment
            and right-of-use assets                                                                   616,374                  576,100
          Other taxes recoverable                                                                     413,660                  362,346
          Others                                                                                      587,324                  317,633

                                                                                                    1,800,601             1,463,159

          Analysed as:
            Current                                                                                 1,184,227                  887,059
            Non-current                                                                               616,374                  576,100

                                                                                                    1,800,601             1,463,159


     14. BILLS RECEIVABLES
          The bills receivables of the Group are with a maturity period of less than 365 days (31 December 2024: less than 365
          days) and not yet due at the end of the reporting period. The management considers the default rate is low based on
          historical information, experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.


     15. STRUCTURED BANK DEPOSITS
          The structured bank deposits carry guaranteed return of up to 2.7% (31 December 2024: 2.9%) per annum and have
          a total expected return up to 2.7% (31 December 2024: 3.0%) per annum, depending on the market prices of the
          underlying commodities quoted in the market as specified in the terms of relevant deposits.


          The structured bank deposits are designated at FVTPL on initial recognition as they contain non-closely related
          embedded derivatives.




46   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



16. BANK DEPOSITS, BALANCES AND CASH

                                                                                       30 June 2025      31 December 2024
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000

     Time deposits with maturities over 3 months                                           3,510,000            3,220,000
     Pledged and restricted bank deposits                                                     17,820               49,823
     Bank balances and cash                                                                6,763,111            5,917,376

                                                                                          10,290,931            9,187,199

     Analysed as:
       Current                                                                             7,570,931            6,777,199
       Non-current                                                                         2,720,000            2,410,000

                                                                                          10,290,931            9,187,199


     The bank deposits and balances carry interest at market rates ranging from 0.25% to 4.16% (31 December 2024: 0.20%
     to 4.12%) per annum.


     The pledged and restricted bank deposits represent deposits required to be placed in banks for securing short-term
     bank facilities of the Group and are classified as current assets.


17. TRADE PAYABLES
     The following is an aged analysis of trade payables at the end of the reporting period presented based on the invoice
     dates:


                                                                                       30 June 2025      31 December 2024
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000

     0 to 90 days                                                                          1,365,320            1,360,917
     91 to 180 days                                                                          144,456              170,476
     More than 180 days                                                                      168,411              135,854

                                                                                           1,678,187            1,667,247


     The general credit period on purchases of goods is up to 90 days (31 December 2024: 90 days).




                                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2025   47
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



     18. OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                             30 June            31 December
                                                                                                                 2025                 2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000

          Other tax payable                                                                                    96,294              196,717
          Payables arising from construction cost and acquisition
               of property, plant and equipment                                                              814,682              1,033,790
          Deferred government grants                                                                         719,138               661,956
          Dividend payable (note 7)                                                                        1,041,345                     –
          Salaries, wages and staff welfare payable                                                          467,972               509,439
          Selling expense payable                                                                          2,638,576              2,925,497
          Research and development expense payable                                                           347,605               189,807
          Others                                                                                             522,704               632,395

                                                                                                           6,648,316              6,149,601

          Analysed as:
               Current                                                                                     6,208,638              5,741,793
               Non-current                                                                                   439,678               407,808

                                                                                                           6,648,316              6,149,601


     19. BILLS PAYABLES
          All bills payables of the Group are aged within 365 days (31 December 2024: within 365 days) and not yet due at the
          end of the reporting period.


     20. BANK BORROWINGS

                                                                                                       30 June 2025      31 December 2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000

          Discount of bills receivables (note a)                                                             198,459               364,204
          RMB bank loans (note b)                                                                              49,000               28,000

                                                                                                             247,459               392,204


          The carrying amounts of the above borrowings are repayable within one year and classified as current liabilities.

          Notes:

          a.       The amount represents borrowings secured by the bill receivables discounted to banks with recourse and the amount is
                   repayable within one year.

          b.       The bank loan is unsecured and carries a fixed interest rate of 1.95% (31 December 2024: 1.95%) per annum.




48   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



21. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                               Number of                 Share
                                                                                                   shares               capital
                                                                                                                      RMB’000

     Issued and fully paid
     At 1 January 2024                                                                    11,903,219,732           10,899,412
     Shares repurchased and/or cancelled                                                      (26,628,000)                    –
     Exercise of share options                                                                 19,500,000              133,340

     At 30 June 2024                                                                      11,896,091,732           11,032,752

     At 1 January 2025                                                                    11,638,301,732           11,032,752
     Shares repurchased and/or cancelled                                                     (120,050,000)                    –
     Exercise of share options                                                                    500,000                3,417

     At 30 June 2025                                                                      11,518,751,732           11,036,169


     In January 2025, the Company cancelled 55,750,000 of its own ordinary shares that had not been cancelled as at
     31 December 2024. During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Company further repurchased and cancelled
     an aggregate of 64,300,000 of its own ordinary shares through the Stock Exchange, for a total consideration (before
     expenses) of RMB277,634,000 (equivalent to HK$299,515,000). For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the
     Company repurchased an aggregate of 62,978,000 of its own ordinary shares through the Stock Exchange, with
     a total consideration (before expenses) of RMB353,166,000 (equivalent to HK$387,464,000), of which 36,350,000
     shares had not been cancelled as at 30 June 2024.


22. LONG TERM INCENTIVE PROGRAM
     (i)   SHARE OPTION SCHEME
           The share option scheme of the Company (the “Share Option Scheme”) is for the purpose of providing the
           Company with a flexible means of giving incentive to eligible participants. Participants include any director,
           employee, business consultant, professional and other adviser of the Group. The Share Option Scheme was
           adopted on 9 December 2015 and will expire on 8 December 2025.


           The maximum number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all share options to be granted under
           the Share Option Scheme shall not in aggregate exceed 10% (i.e. 591,101,840 shares) of the shares of the
           Company in issue at the adoption date of the Share Option Scheme. The maximum entitlement for any one
           participant is that the total number of shares issued or to be issued upon exercise of the share options granted
           to each participant in any twelve-month period shall not exceed 1% of the total number of shares in issue.


           Share options granted have to be taken up within an acceptable period from the date of offer to such date as
           the Board may determine and specify in the letter of offer (both dates inclusive) upon payment of HK$1. The
           subscription price for option granted is determined by the Board and shall be at least the highest of (i) the closing
           price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheet on the offer date which must be a
           business day; (ii) the average closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets
           for the five business days immediately preceding the offer date; and (iii) the nominal value of a share. Share
           options granted are exercisable for a period to be notified by the Board to each grantee and such period shall
           expire not later than 10 years from the date of grant.



                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2025     49
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



     22. LONG TERM INCENTIVE PROGRAM (continued)
          (i)   SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)
                As at 30 June 2025, the number of share options available for being further granted was 541,101,840 (1 January
                2025: 541,101,840).


                The following tables disclose the movements in the number of share options during the current and prior interim
                periods:


                Six months ended 30 June 2025


                                                                                                                    Number of share options

                                                                                                              Granted       Exercised             Lapsed
                                                     Exercise                                       As at      during           during             during            As at
                Grantees             Date of grant   price      Exercise period            1 January 2025   the period      the period         the period     30 June 2025

                Directors            4 Sep 2023      HK$5.98    4 Sep 2023 to 3 Sep 2033      22,000,000             –               –         (20,500,000)      1,500,000
                Other grantees       4 Sep 2023      HK$5.98    4 Sep 2023 to 3 Sep 2033       8,500,000             –        (500,000)         (4,500,000)      3,500,000

                Total                                                                         30,500,000             –        (500,000)        (25,000,000)      5,000,000


                Six months ended 30 June 2024


                                                                                                                     Number of share options

                                                                                                              Granted        Exercised             Lapsed
                                                     Exercise                                       As at       during          during              during           As at
                Grantees             Date of grant   price      Exercise period            1 January 2024    the period      the period          the period   30 June 2024

                Directors            4 Sep 2023      HK$5.98    4 Sep 2023 to 3 Sep 2033      44,000,000             –     (19,200,000)                  –      24,800,000
                Other grantees       4 Sep 2023      HK$5.98    4 Sep 2023 to 3 Sep 2033       6,000,000             –        (300,000)                  –       5,700,000

                Total                                                                         50,000,000             –     (19,500,000)                  –      30,500,000

                Notes:

                (a)         50% of the share options granted on 4 September 2023 have been vested on 1 April 2024. The remaining 50% were
                            lapsed on 1 April 2025 as certain vesting conditions were not fulfilled.

                (b)         In respect of the share options exercised during the six months ended 30 June 2025, the weighted average closing price
                            of the Company’s share immediately before the date on which the options were exercised was HK$8.84 (six months
                            ended 30 June 2024: HK$5.94).

                (c)         The share options outstanding as at 30 June 2025 has a weighted average remaining contractual life of 8.5 years (31
                            December 2024: 9 years).


                During the current interim period, the Group recognised share-based compensation expense of nil for the period
                ended 30 June 2025 (six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB19,956,000) in relation to share options granted by
                the Company.




50   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



22. LONG TERM INCENTIVE PROGRAM (continued)
     (ii)   SHARE AWARD SCHEME OF THE COMPANY
            The share award scheme of the Company (the “Share Award Scheme”) is for the purpose of providing the
            selected participants with an opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company; encouraging and
            retaining such individuals to work with the Company; and providing additional incentives to them to achieve
            performance goals, with a view to achieving the objectives of increasing the value of the Company and aligning
            the interests of the selected participants directly to the shareholders through ownership of shares of the
            Company. Participants include any director, employee, officer, agent or consultant of the Group. The Share
            Award Scheme was adopted on 20 August 2018 and will expire on 19 August 2028.


            The terms of the Share Award Scheme were amended on 21 May 2024 to the effect that the Board may only
            instruct the trustee to purchase existing shares of the Company on market to satisfy share awards granted under
            the Share Award Scheme, such that the Share Award Scheme has become a share scheme that is funded only
            by the existing shares of the Company.


            The maximum number of shares which may be purchased from the market or issued under the Share Award
            Scheme shall not in aggregate exceed 124,860,368 shares, being 2% of the shares of the Company in issue
            as at the adoption date of the Share Award Scheme. The maximum number of shares which may be awarded
            to a selected participant at any one time or in aggregate under the Share Award Scheme must not exceed
            31,215,092 shares, being 0.5% of the shares of the Company in issue as at the adoption date of the Share
            Award Scheme.


            The awarded shares held by the trustee of the Share Award Scheme shall be vested in the selected participants
            in accordance with the vesting conditions or vesting schedules as set out in the grant notice. Awarded shares
            which do not vest will be forfeited and may be re-granted to other participants selected by the Board.


            As at 30 June 2025, the number of share awards available for being further granted under the Share Award
            Scheme was 117,038,368 (1 January 2025: 117,038,368). There were 100,000,000 shares of the Company
            held by the trustee of the Share Award Scheme (31 December 2024: 100,000,000).


            The following tables disclose the movements in the number of awarded shares during the current and prior
            interim periods:


            Six months ended 30 June 2025


                                                                                                  Number of awarded shares

                                                                                             Granted         Vested            Lapsed
                                                                                   As at      during          during            during           As at
            Grantees     Date of grant   Vesting period                   1 January 2025   the period     the period         the period   30 June 2025

            Employees    22 April 2024   22 April 2024 to 21 April 2027         300,000            –               –                 –         300,000

            Total                                                               300,000            –               –                 –         300,000




                                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2025             51
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



     22. LONG TERM INCENTIVE PROGRAM (continued)
          (ii)   SHARE AWARD SCHEME OF THE COMPANY (continued)
                 Six months ended 30 June 2024


                                                                                                       Number of awarded shares

                                                                                                Granted            Vested           Lapsed
                                                                                      As at       during           during            during           As at
                 Grantees         Date of grant      Vesting period          1 January 2024    the period       the period        the period   30 June 2024

                 Employees        15 January 2019    15 January 2019
                                                       to 14 January 2024          329,000             –         (316,000)          (13,000)             –
                                  16 December 2021   16 December 2021
                                                       to 14 January 2024          329,000             –         (316,000)          (13,000)             –
                                  22 April 2024      22 April 2024
                                                       to 21 April 2027                  –      300,000                 –                 –        300,000

                 Total                                                             658,000      300,000          (632,000)          (26,000)       300,000

                 Notes:

                 (a)      The weighted average closing price of the Company’s share immediately before the date on which the awarded shares
                          were vested was HK$6.54 per share for the six months ended 30 June 2024.

                 (b)      The closing price of the Company’s shares immediately before the date on which the share awards were granted was
                          HK$6.00 per share for the six months ended 30 June 2024. The fair value of the share awards at the date of grant
                          was HK$6.00 per share for the six months ended 30 June 2024, which was measured based on the closing price of
                          the Company’s shares at the date of grant and adjusted by the fair value of dividends during the vesting period as the
                          grantees are not entitled to dividends before vesting.

                 (c)      The shares were awarded and vested for no consideration.


                 During the current interim period, the Group recognised share-based compensation expense of RMB270,000
                 (six months ended 30 June 2024: a reversal of share-based compensation expense of RMB54,000) in relation to
                 share awards granted by the Company.




52   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



22. LONG TERM INCENTIVE PROGRAM (continued)
     (iii)   SHARE AWARDS GRANTED BY A SHAREHOLDER OF THE COMPANY
             Key Honesty Limited (“Key Honesty”), a shareholder of the Company indirectly and wholly owned by Mr. Cai
             Dong Chen, Chairman of the Company, has granted 218,250,000 and 8,900,000 share awards involving the
             existing shares of the Company held by Key Honesty to selected employees of the Group on 1 April 2022 and
             14 September 2022, respectively. The awarded shares will be vested and transferred in batches from the third to
             fifth year after the grant at a transfer price of HK$2.95 per share subject to the fulfilment of certain conditions.


             The following tables disclose the movement of awarded shares during the current and prior interim periods:


             Six months ended 30 June 2025


                                                                                                   Number of awarded shares

                                                                                              Granted           Vested             Lapsed
                                                                                    As at      during            during             during            As at
             Grantees      Date of grant    Vesting period                 1 January 2025   the period       the period         the period     30 June 2025

             Employees     1 April 2022     1 April 2022 to 1 April 2025      54,045,000             –      (37,845,000)        (16,200,000)              –
                           1 April 2022     1 April 2022 to 1 April 2026      54,045,000             –                –         (16,200,000)     37,845,000
                           1 April 2022     1 April 2022 to 1 April 2027      72,060,000             –                –         (21,600,000)     50,460,000
                           14 Sep 2022      14 Sep 2022 to 14 Sep 2025           780,000             –                –            (210,000)        570,000
                           14 Sep 2022      14 Sep 2022 to 14 Sep 2026           780,000             –                –            (210,000)        570,000
                           14 Sep 2022      14 Sep 2022 to 14 Sep 2027         1,040,000             –                –            (280,000)        760,000

             Total                                                           182,750,000             –      (37,845,000)        (54,700,000)     90,205,000


             Six months ended 30 June 2024


                                                                                                     Number of awarded shares

                                                                                              Granted            Vested             Lapsed
                                                                                    As at       during           during              during           As at
             Grantees      Date of grant    Vesting period                 1 January 2024    the period       the period          the period   30 June 2024

             Employees     1 April 2022     1 April 2022 to 1 April 2025      57,585,000             –                –          (2,910,000)     54,675,000
                           1 April 2022     1 April 2022 to 1 April 2026      57,585,000             –                –          (2,910,000)     54,675,000
                           1 April 2022     1 April 2022 to 1 April 2027      76,780,000             –                –          (3,880,000)     72,900,000
                           14 Sep 2022      14 Sep 2022 to 14 Sep 2025         1,770,000             –                –                   –       1,770,000
                           14 Sep 2022      14 Sep 2022 to 14 Sep 2026         1,770,000             –                –                   –       1,770,000
                           14 Sep 2022      14 Sep 2022 to 14 Sep 2027         2,360,000             –                –                   –       2,360,000

             Total                                                           197,850,000             –                –          (9,700,000)    188,150,000


             During the current interim period, the Group recognised a reversal of share-based compensation expense of
             RMB72,280,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024: a share-based compensation expense of RMB98,618,000) in
             relation to the share awards granted by Key Honesty.




                                                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2025           53
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



     23. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES
          During the current interim period, the Group had significant transactions and balances with related parties. Other than
          those disclosed elsewhere in the condensed consolidated financial statements, the Group had also entered into the
          following significant transactions with related parties and the balances with them at the end of the reporting period are
          as follows:


                                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
          Relationships                         Nature of transactions/balances                          2025               2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000

          Related companies (note a)            Sales of pharmaceutical products                       432,711            764,246
                                                Purchase of pharmaceutical products                    124,312              4,616
                                                Payment of lease liabilities                            65,319             63,966

                                                                                                       30 June       31 December
                                                                                                          2025              2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000

                                                Balance due from/to related companies
                                                  — trade receivables (note b)
                                                      aged 0–90 days                                   289,769            328,248
                                                      aged 91–180 days                                   6,874             12,165
                                                      aged 181–365 days                                    938              3,010
                                                      aged over 365 days                                 2,675              1,230

                                                                                                       300,256            344,653

                                                  — other receivables (note c)                           10,143            14,470
                                                  — trade payables (note b)
                                                      aged 0–90 days                                   (135,507)         (264,095)
                                                      aged 91–180 days                                  (21,693)                (2)
                                                      aged 181–365 days                                  (3,723)             (195)
                                                      aged over 365 days                                (81,198)             (456)

                                                                                                       (242,121)         (264,748)

                                                  — other payables (note c)                             (13,659)             (7,911)
                                                  — lease liabilities                                  (180,656)           (37,258)




54   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



23. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (continued)

                                                                                                           Six months ended 30 June
     Relationships                                Nature of transactions/balances                                   2025                 2024
                                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000

     Joint ventures                               Sales of pharmaceutical products                               76,401               72,653
                                                  Purchase of raw materials                                     150,770              104,696
                                                  Research and development expenses                                9,557              11,722

                                                                                                                30 June        31 December
                                                                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000

                                                  Balance due from/(to) joint ventures
                                                    — trade receivables (note b)
                                                          aged 0–90 days                                         36,443                     53
                                                          aged 91–180 days                                              –                 711

                                                                                                                 36,443                   764

                                                    — other receivables (note c)                                 82,578               64,711
                                                    — trade payables (note b)
                                                          aged 0–90 days                                       (159,739)            (103,439)
                                                          aged 91–180 days                                          (288)              (7,106)
                                                          aged 181–365 days                                       (4,840)                    –
                                                          aged over 365 days                                            –                (186)

                                                                                                               (164,867)            (110,731)

                                                    — other payables (note c)                                    (55,583)             (23,234)

     Notes:

     (a)      Mr. Cai Dong Chen, executive director and the Chairman of the Company, has significant influence over the Company and
              exercises control over CHL through a series of controlled corporations. Accordingly, CHL and its subsidiaries are related parties
              of the Group.

     (b)      The general credit period for trade receivables and payables is 90 days (31 December 2024: 90 days).

     (c)      The amounts are unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable on demand.




                                                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2025        55
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



     24. CAPITAL AND OTHER COMMITMENTS
          At the end of the reporting period, the Group had the following capital commitments:


                                                                                                     30 June 2025       31 December 2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000                RMB’000

          Capital expenditure in respect of acquisition of property,
            plant and equipment contracted for but not provided in the
            condensed consolidated financial statements                                                  1,955,613                2,288,183
          Commitments arising from unlisted equity
            investments in partnerships                                                                     596,086                 615,917


     25. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
          Certain financial assets of the Group are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. The following table
          gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets and financial liabilities are determined (in particular,
          the valuation technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value
          measurements are categorised (Levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements
          are observable.


          •     Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for identical
                assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date;


          •     Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1
                that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and


          •     Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include the lowest level inputs
                for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).




56   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



25. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

                                                                                                                               Significant                Relationship of
                                                                    Fair value   Valuation techniques and                      unobservable               unobservable
     Financial assets                  Fair value as at             hierarchy    key input(s)                                  input(s)                   inputs to fair value
                                30 June 2025     31 December 2024
                                   RMB’000                RMB’000

     Equity securities listed        469,264               519,895 Level 1       Quoted bid prices in an active market         N/A                        N/A
       in Hong Kong


     Unquoted investments          2,097,378              1,980,330 Level 3      Where recent transaction prices               Estimated discount rate    The higher the estimated
                                                                                   of underlying investments is not                                         discount rate, the lower
                                                                                   available, discount cash flows is                                        the fair value, vice versa
                                                                                   used for valuation.


                                                                                 Discount cash flows — in this approach,       Long-term pre-tax          The higher of the long-term
                                                                                   the discounted cash flow method was           operating margin           pre-tax operating margin,
                                                                                   used to capture the present value                                        the higher the fair value,
                                                                                   of future expected cash flows to be                                      vice versa.
                                                                                   derived from the underlying assets


     Bills receivables at          1,806,238              2,421,294 Level 2      Discounted cash flow at a discount rate       N/A                        N/A
       FVTOCI                                                                      that reflects the credit risk of issuers


     Structured bank               1,936,451              1,307,007 Level 2      Expected yields of underlying investments N/A                            N/A
       deposits                                                                    invested by bank at a discount rate
                                                                                   that reflects the credit risk of the bank

     There were no transfers between levels during the current interim period.


     Unrealised fair value loss of RMB120,631,000 included in other comprehensive expense for the period ended 30 June
     2025 (six months ended 30 June 2024: unrealised fair value gain of RMB931,249,000) was related to other financial
     assets measured at FVTOCI held at the end of the reporting period and reported as changes in other reserves.




                                                                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2025             57
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)



     25. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
          FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS AND VALUATION PROCESSES
          In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is available.
          Where Level 1 and 2 inputs are not available, the Group engages third party qualified valuers to perform the valuation.
          The finance department works closely with the qualified external valuers to establish the appropriate valuation
          techniques and inputs to the model. The management reports to the directors of the Company every quarter to explain
          the cause of fluctuations in the fair value of the assets and liabilities.


          Information about the valuation techniques and inputs used in determining the fair value of various assets and liability
          are disclosed above.


          The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of other financial assets and financial liabilities
          recorded at amortised cost in the condensed consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.




58   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Other Information


INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND
DEBENTURES OF THE DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES
As at 30 June 2025, the interests and short positions of the directors of the Company in the shares, underlying shares and
debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Future
Ordinance (the “SFO”) as recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise
notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) under the Model Code for
Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”), are set out below.


Interests and short positions in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company
Long positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company


                                                                                                                                      Approximate %
                                                                                                  Number of                                  of the
                                                                              Number of           underlying                            Company’s
                                                    Nature of              shares held/          shares held/                             shares in
Directors                Capacity                   interests                 interested           interested                 Total         issue (4)
CAI Dong Chen            Beneficial owner           Personal interest       266,278,960                     –         2,867,147,670         24.89%
                         Interest of controlled     Corporate interest    2,600,868,710    (1)
                                                                                                            –
                           corporation
ZHANG Cuilong            Beneficial owner           Personal interest          5,000,000                    –            5,000,000           0.04%
PAN Weidong              Beneficial owner           Personal interest          1,500,000                    –            1,500,000           0.01%
WANG Zhenguo             Beneficial owner           Personal interest          1,500,000                    –            1,500,000           0.01%
WANG Huaiyu              Beneficial owner           Personal interest          1,500,000                    –            1,500,000           0.01%
LI Chunlei               Beneficial owner           Personal interest          1,500,000           1,500,000    (2)
                                                                                                                         3,000,000           0.03%
CHEN Weiping             Beneficial owner           Personal interest             20,000             500,000 (3)           520,000          0.005%

Notes:

(1)      Mr. Cai Dong Chen is deemed to be interested in 2,600,868,710 shares, comprising (i) 406,904,640 shares directly held by Key
         Honesty Limited, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of True Ally Holdings Limited (“True Ally”); (ii) 1,218,834,470 shares directly held by
         Massive Giant Group Limited, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of True Ally; (iii) 948,249,600 shares directly held by True Ally, which is
         directly wholly-owned by Mr. Cai Dong Chen and (iv) 26,880,000 shares directly held by Harmonic Choice Limited by virtue of his
         interests in a chain of corporations holding Harmonic Choice Limited, namely Massive Top Limited, of which March Rise Limited,
         Beijing Zhongyihe Hezhong Investment Management Centre (Limited Partnership) (北京中宜和合眾投資管理中心(有限合夥))
         (“Zhongyihe”) and True Ally own 75%, 15% and 10%, respectively. March Rise Limited in turn is owned as to 40% by True Ally and
         60% by Zhongyihe, the general partner of which is Mr. Cai Dong Chen.

(2)      The interests represent share options granted under the Share Option Scheme of the Company, details of which are set out in note
         22 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.

(3)      The interests represent unvested share awards granted by Key Honesty Limited, a shareholder of the Company, details of which are
         set out in note 22 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.

(4)      Based on 11,518,751,732 shares of the Company’s share in issue as at 30 June 2025.


Save as disclosed above, none of the directors of the Company or their associates had any interests or short positions in the
shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations as at 30 June 2025 as
recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the
Stock Exchange under the Model Code.




                                                                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2025      59
     Other Information



     ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
     Other than the long-term incentive programs disclosed below, at no time during the six months ended 30 June 2025 was
     the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the directors of the Company to acquire
     benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.


     INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS DISCLOSEABLE UNDER THE
     SFO
     As at 30 June 2025, the interests and short positions of the following persons in the shares or underlying shares of the
     Company (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 336 of the
     SFO are set out below.


     Interests and short positions of substantial shareholders in the shares and underlying shares of the Company
     Long positions and short positions in the shares of the Company


                                                                                                                          Long
                                                                                                                     positions
                                                                                                                             (L) Approximate %
     Name of                                                                Number of                                    /short      of the issued
     substantial                                                          shares held/                               positions            shares of
     shareholder                      Capacity                               interested                  Total               (S) the Company(2)
      Cai Dong Chen                   Beneficial owner                     266,278,960          2,867,147,670                 (L)           24.89%
                                      Interest in controlled            2,600,868,710     (1)


                                        corporation
      True Ally Holdings Limited Beneficial owner                          948,249,600          2,600,868,710                 (L)           22.58%
                                      Interest in controlled            1,652,619,110 (1)
                                        corporation
      Massive Giant Group             Beneficial owner                  1,218,834,470           1,218,834,470                 (L)           10.58%
           Limited
      Common Success                  Beneficial owner                     728,796,313           728,796,313                  (L)             6.33%
           International Limited

     Note:

     (1)     Mr. Cai Dong Chen is deemed to be interested in 2,600,868,710 shares, comprising (i) 406,904,640 shares directly held by Key
             Honesty Limited, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of True Ally; (ii) 1,218,834,470 shares directly held by Massive Giant Group Limited,
             a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of True Ally; (iii) 948,249,600 shares directly held by True Ally, which is directly wholly-owned by Mr.
             Cai Dong Chen and (iv) 26,880,000 shares directly held by Harmonic Choice Limited by virtue of his interests in a chain of
             corporations holding Harmonic Choice Limited, namely Massive Top Limited, of which March Rise Limited, Zhongyihe and True Ally
             own 75%, 15% and 10%, respectively. March Rise Limited in turn is owned as to 40% by True Ally and 60% by Zhongyihe, the
             general partner of which is Mr. Cai Dong Chen.

     (2)     Based on 11,518,751,732 shares of the Company’s share in issue as at 30 June 2025.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2025, no other persons (other than directors of the Company) had any interests or
     short positions in the shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section
     336 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.




60   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Other Information



LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PROGRAMS
(i)    SHARE OPTION SCHEME
       The Company has adopted a share option scheme on 9 December 2015 (the “Share Option Scheme”), details of
       which are set out in note 22 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.


       The following table discloses of movements of the Share Options during the period:


                                                                                                   Number of share options                                 Closing Price of Share
                                                                                                                                                                            Prior to
                                                                                                                                                                         the date of
       Name or                                                                     As at     Granted      Exercised            Lapsed          As at        Prior to       exercise
       category of         Date of            Exercise   Vesting   Exercise    1 January   during the     during the         during the     30 June        the date       (weighted
       participants        grant                period   period       price        2025       period          period            period         2025        of grant        average)
       Directors:
       Cai Dongchen        4 September 2023        (1)       (2)   HK$5.98     9,000,000           –               –         (9,000,000)          –         HK$5.9              N/A
       Zhang Cuilong       4 September 2023        (1)       (2)   HK$5.98     4,000,000           –               –         (4,000,000)          –         HK$5.9              N/A
       Wang Zhenguo        4 September 2023        (1)       (2)   HK$5.98     1,500,000           –               –         (1,500,000)          –         HK$5.9              N/A
       Pan Weidong         4 September 2023        (1)       (2)   HK$5.98     1,500,000           –               –         (1,500,000)          –         HK$5.9              N/A
       Wang Huaiyu         4 September 2023        (1)       (2)   HK$5.98     1,500,000           –               –         (1,500,000)          –         HK$5.9              N/A
       Li Chunlei          4 September 2023        (1)       (2)   HK$5.98     4,500,000           –               –         (3,000,000)   1,500,000        HK$5.9              N/A
       Other grantees
         in aggregate      4 September 2023        (1)       (2)   HK$5.98     8,500,000           –        (500,000)        (4,500,000)   3,500,000        HK$5.9          HK$8.84
                                                                              30,500,000           –        (500,000)    (25,000,000)      5,000,000        HK$5.9          HK$8.84

       Notes:

       1.           Subject to the fulfillment of the conditions for the grant and exercise of the share options, the vesting conditions and the vesting
                    period, the exercise period of the share options is 10 years from the date of grant (i.e. 4 September 2023 to 3 September
                    2033, both days inclusive).

       2.           Conditional upon the Group having achieved a single-digit percentage growth on the amount of the underlying profit attributable
                    to shareholders (i.e. the profit attributable to shareholders after excluding certain non-operating items as determined by the
                    Board) for the year ended 31 December 2023 as compared to that for the year ended 31 December 2022, 50% of the share
                    options shall be vested on 1 April 2024, and such condition had already been satisfied. The remaining 50% of the share
                    options shall be vested on 1 April 2025 conditional upon the Group having achieved a double-digit percentage growth on the
                    amount of the underlying profit attributable to shareholders (i.e. the profit attributable to shareholders after excluding certain
                    non-operating items as determined by the Board) for the year ended 31 December 2024 as compared to that for the year
                    ended 31 December 2023. Since such condition has not been satisfied, the shares options have lapsed on 1 April 2025.


(ii)   SHARE AWARD SCHEME
       The Company has adopted a share award scheme on 20 August 2018. In addition, a shareholder of the Company has
       granted share awards to selected employees of the Group. Details of the Company’s share awards scheme and the
       share awards granted by a shareholder of the Company are set out in note 22 to the condensed consolidated financial
       statements.




                                                                                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2025             61
     Other Information



     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
     The Company has complied with all the code provisions in the Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix C1 of the
     Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) throughout the
     six months ended 30 June 2025.


     DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
     The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules. In response to specific enquiry
     mode, all directors confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code throughout the
     six months ended 30 June 2025.


     REVIEW OF INTERIM RESULTS AND INTERIM REPORT
     The interim results for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and this Report have been reviewed by the external auditor and
     audit committee of the Company.


     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
     During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Company repurchased a total of 64,300,000 shares on the Stock Exchange
     at a consideration of approximately HK$300 million (before expenses) and the shares repurchased were cancelled. The
     Board considered that such repurchases were made for the benefit of the shareholders with a view to enhancing the
     earnings per share and maximising shareholders’ return. Details of the share repurchased are as follows:


                                                                    Highest             Lowest
                                                 Number           purchase           purchase
                                               of shares           price per          price per        Aggregate consideration
     Month                                 repurchased                 share              share            (before expenses)
                                                                         HK$                HK$                HK$               RMB
                                                                                                                           (equivalent)
     January                                  38,850,000                4.72                4.38      176,597,000        163,244,000
     March                                     3,000,000                4.95                4.88       14,763,000         13,624,000
     April                                    22,450,000                4.95                4.66      108,155,000        100,244,000
                                              64,300,000                                              299,515,000        277,112,000


     Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the listed
     securities of the Company during the six months ended 30 June 2025.


     CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
     The register of members of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, 21 October 2025 to Thursday, 23 October 2025,
     both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares will be effected. In order to qualify for the interim dividend, all
     share transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s share
     registrar, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong for registration
     not later than 4:30 p.m. on Monday, 20 October 2025.




62   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
