Contents




2     Corporate Information


3     Financial Highlights


4     Management Discussion and Analysis


30    Report on Review of Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements


31    Condensed Consolidated Income Statement


32    Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income


33    Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position


35    Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity


36    Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows


38    Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements


64    Other Information




                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2026   1
    Corporate Information


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                        COMPANY SECRETARY
    Executive Directors:                                      LO Tai On
    CAI Dong Chen (Chairman)
    CAI Lei (Vice-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)       REGISTERED OFFICE
    WEI Qingjie (Vice-Chairman and Chief Operating Officer)   Suite 3206
    ZHANG Cuilong                                             32nd Floor
    WANG Zhenguo                                              Central Plaza
    LI Chunlei                                                18 Harbour Road
    YAO Bing                                                  Wan Chai
    CAI Xin                                                   Hong Kong
    CHEN Weiping
    QU Zhiyong                                                SHARE REGISTRAR
    ZHANG Yiwei                                               Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                                              17/F, Far East Finance Centre
    Independent Non-executive Directors:                      16 Harcourt Road
    WANG Bo                                                   Hong Kong
    CHEN Chuan
    WANG Hongguang                                            AUDITOR
    AU Chun Kwok Alan                                         Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
    LAW Cheuk Kin Stephen                                     Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
    LI Quan
                                                              PLACE OF LISTING
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                           The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“HKEx”)
    AU Chun Kwok Alan (Chairman)
    WANG Bo                                                   STOCK CODE
    CHEN Chuan                                                1093


    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                      WEBSITE ADDRESS
    CAI Dong Chen (Chairman)                                  www.cspc.com.hk
    WANG Bo
    CHEN Chuan
    LI Quan


    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
    AU Chun Kwok Alan (Chairman)
    WANG Bo
    CHEN Chuan




2   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Financial Highlights


                                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                       2026                2025            Change

(in RMB’000, unless otherwise stated)


Revenue by business units:
  Finished drugs                                                                16,060,711          10,247,652             +56.7%
  Bulk products                                                                   1,660,385          2,074,708              -20.0%
  Functional food and others                                                        873,398            951,056               -8.2%

Total revenue                                                                   18,594,494          13,273,416             +40.1%

Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company
  Reported                                                                        6,094,212          2,547,851            +139.2%
  Underlying (note)                                                               6,164,279          2,319,521            +165.8%


Earnings per share (RMB cents)
  Based on reported profit attributable to shareholders of
    the Company
  — Basic                                                                             53.45               22.29           +139.8%
  — Diluted                                                                           53.36               22.29           +139.4%


Interim dividend per share (HK cents)                                                 18.00               14.00            +28.6%

Note: Underlying profit attributable to shareholders of the Company, a non-HKFRS Accounting Standards measure, represents the profit
      attributable to shareholders of the Company before taking into account fair value changes on financial assets measured at fair
      value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”) and employee share-based compensation expenses. A reconciliation between reported and
      underlying profit is provided on page 28 of this report.




                                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2026      3
    Management Discussion and Analysis


    RESULTS IN THE FIRST HALF OF 2026
    In the first half of 2026, the Group recorded revenue of RMB18,594 million and reported profit attributable to shareholders
    of the Company of RMB6,094 million, representing increases of 40.1% and 139.2%, respectively, as compared with the
    same period last year. Excluding fair value changes on financial assets measured at FVTPL and employee share‑based
    compensation expenses, underlying profit attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to RMB6,164 million,
    representing an increase of 165.8% as compared with the same period last year.


    Basic earnings per share based on reported profit attributable to shareholders of the Company as shown in the financial
    statements amounted to RMB53.45 cents, representing an increase of 139.8% as compared with the same period last year.


    DIVIDEND AND SHARE BUY-BACKS
    The Board has declared an interim dividend of HK18 cents per share for 2026 (interim dividend for 2025: HK14 cents per
    share). The dividend will be payable on Tuesday, 10 November 2026 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of
    members of the Company on Monday, 26 October 2026.


    In the first half of 2026, the Company utilised HK$321 million through the trustee for share purchases under the share award
    scheme, purchasing a total of 46,178,000 shares to continue incentivising its employees to make greater contributions to the
    Group’s development.


    COMPANY OVERVIEW
    CSPC is a comprehensive pharmaceutical enterprise integrating Research and Development (“R&D”), manufacture and
    sales with innovation as its core driver. With the corporate mission of “All for good medicine, all for mankind’s health”, we are
    committed to focusing on unmet clinical needs, continuously overcoming bottlenecks in clinical treatment through technology
    innovation, and truly benefiting the vast number of patients.


    IMPLEMENTING THE DUAL-ENGINE STRATEGY TO STRENGTHEN CORE COMPETITIVENESS
    “Leading Innovation and Creating an Excellent CSPC” is our core vision. Under the leadership of the Chairman and guided
    by the dual-engine strategy of “Innovation and Internationalisation”, the Group has consistently adhered to increasing its
    investment in R&D and strengthening team building, resulting in a significant enhancement of its core competitiveness, which
    provides strong momentum for the Group’s long-term sustainable development.


    ENHANCING R&D PLATFORMS AND GAINING INDUSTRY RECOGNITION
    The Group has an internationalised R&D team with more than 2,000 professionals and R&D centers located in major cities
    in China and the U.S., with focus on key therapeutic areas such as oncology, cardiovascular, nervous system, respiratory,
    anti-infectives, and digestive and metabolic diseases. We have taken the lead in establishing an industry-leading AI
    drug discovery technology platform and a globally leading delivery technology system, building significant differentiated
    advantages in the industry. Its pipeline covers frontier areas such as ADC, antibody drugs, CAR-T products, long-acting
    peptide formulations, and nucleic acid drugs. In general, the Group has built eight innovative technology R&D platforms,
    including nano-formulations, mRNA, siRNA, antibody/fusion proteins, cell therapy and antibody-drug conjugates, which
    provide solid technical support for the discovery and translation of innovative drugs.




4   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



In terms of international recognition, the Group has been included in the Global Top 25 Pharma Companies by Pipeline
Size published by the internationally renowned consulting firm Citeline for four consecutive years. In the 2026 ranking,
the Group was ranked 15th globally, climbing four places from the previous year. In terms of scientific and technological
innovation achievement, the Group has won the Second Prize of the National Award for Science and Technology Progress
four times, the China Grand Awards for Industry twice and the China Patent Gold Prize three times. The Group has also
been recognised as a “National Innovative Enterprise” and a “National Enterprise Technology Center”. The Group owns two
national key laboratories, including the “National Key Laboratory for New Pharmaceutical Preparations and Excipients” and
the “National Engineering Laboratory for Chiral Drugs”. In addition, the Group has jointly established the “National Nano
Intelligent Manufacturing Industry Innovation Center”, the only national-level innovation platform in the nano-industry in
collaboration with The GBA National Institute For Nanotechnology Innovation.


ADVANCING CLINICAL TRIALS AND PUBLISHING MAJOR ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENTS
In the first half of 2026, the Group obtained a total of 30 IND approvals, secured marketing approvals for seven key products,
and initiated 18 pivotal phase III clinical studies. Since the beginning of the year, multiple research achievements have been
published in leading international medical journals. The phase I clinical study results of SYS6010 in non-small cell lung
cancer were accepted for publication by Cancer Cell (impact factor: 56.1). The phase III study results of docetaxel (albumin-
bound) in combination with KN026 as neoadjuvant therapy for breast cancer were accepted for publication by JAMA
Oncology (impact factor: 23.9). The phase III clinical study results of albumin-bound paclitaxel (SYHX2011) for the treatment
of patients with advanced breast cancer were accepted by Cancer Communications (impact factor: 24.9). These results
demonstrate the recognition of the Group’s research capabilities by leading international scientific journals. Meanwhile, the
Group presented its key research findings on multiple occasions at leading international academic platforms, including the
American Association for Cancer Research (AACR), the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO), and the Society of
Gynecologic Oncology (SGO). In the first half of 2026 alone, the Group has presented 14 research findings, including five
oral presentations, which received positive international feedback and attracted broad attention from the communities. At
present, the Group has more than 200 innovative drugs and preparations under R&D, including over 90 large molecule
drugs, over 60 small molecule drugs, and over 50 new preparations. Some of them have promising market prospects and
demonstrate significant superiority over existing therapies in efficacy and safety.


BUILDING AI-DRIVEN CORE COMPETITIVENESS IN PHARMACEUTICALS AND ACCELERATING INNOVATIVE
R&D AND TRANSFORMATION
CSPC’s exploration in the field of AI drug discovery began in 2011 with the establishment of its CADD (Computer-Aided
Drug Design) laboratory. At present, the Group has built AI drug discovery teams across Shijiazhuang, Beijing, and Shanghai,
forming a technological framework centred around the “AI-Engine Dual-Drive Drug Discovery Platform”. The platform has
achieved one-stop development capabilities, ranging from target discovery, molecule generation, and structure prediction to
ADMET (Absorption, Distribution, Metabolism, Excretion, and Toxicity) prediction.


AI technology has been deeply integrated into the entire new drug R&D process, encompassing stages such as target
discovery, molecular design, and clinical trial optimisation. Its application scope has also expanded from initial small molecule
drug screening to various cutting-edge fields, including antibody screening, nucleic acid screening, mRNA sequence
optimisation, and protein modification.


AI empowerment has significantly boosted R&D efficiency. CSPC’s early-stage new drug discovery time has been reduced
by over 30%, R&D costs have been halved, and the accuracy of candidate compound screening has increased by nearly
threefold. Furthermore, the overall R&D success rate in early-stage screening has improved by 50% to 60%.




                                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2026     5
    Management Discussion and Analysis



    The strength of the Group’s AI drug discovery platform has been validated through a series of massive out-licensing (BD)
    deals. Since 2024, the Group has reached four major agreements with the global pharmaceutical giant AstraZeneca, with
    the cumulative potential total value of these collaborations reaching approximately US$27.6 billion.


    The Group’s achievements in the field of AI drug discovery have received authoritative recognition, establishing its industry-
    leading position. Its in-house developed “AI-Engine Dual-Drive Drug Discovery Platform” was successfully selected as an
    exemplary case for the 2025 digital transformation “Digital Three Goods” (Shuzi Sanpin) initiative by the Ministry of Industry
    and Information Technology (MIIT) of China.


    Through a dual-drive model of “internal R&D + external collaboration”, the Group has successfully transformed AI technology
    into the core competitiveness of its innovative drug research and development. Its technological value has not only been
    validated by massive collaborations with international giants but has also gained national-level authoritative recognition,
    making it a prime example of a Chinese pharmaceutical company achieving innovative transformation through AI technology.


    In addition, the Group proactively benchmarks against the standards of “intelligent manufacturing and internationalisation”,
    comprehensively introducing Industry 4.0 technologies such as 5G, the Internet of Things (IoT), artificial intelligence, cloud
    computing, and robotics. Through this, our pharmaceutical production has achieved precise control throughout the entire
    process and full-lifecycle traceability of our products. These measures not only ensure the long-term stable operation of the
    production system but also significantly enhance overall production efficiency.


    DEEPENING GLOBAL STRATEGY AND EXPANDING INTERNATIONAL R&D AND MANUFACTURING
    COLLABORATIONS
    In terms of internationalisation, driven by innovative R&D as our engine, the Group is advancing its global strategic
    deployment to build a worldwide pharmaceutical value ecosystem. In terms of global R&D positioning, by implementing
    the strategy of “dual China-US regulatory submission”, we initiate a number of multi-center clinical trials across Europe and
    America. The Group has established R&D systems and quality platforms that meet international standards, laying a solid
    foundation for global product launches. Regarding overseas expansion of innovative products, since the beginning of 2026,
    the Group entered into two strategic R&D collaborations with AstraZeneca, an internationally renowned pharmaceutical
    company, on long-acting delivery technology platform, AI-enabled peptide drug platform, and small nucleic acid platform,
    with total contract value of US$20.27 billion, further deepening the global strategic layout across its products of various
    platforms. In August 2026, the Group entered into a joint venture contract with AstraZeneca to build a next-generation
    biologics manufacturing base in Shijiazhuang, China, to further deepen the strategic cooperation. The establishment of this
    joint venture also marks the extension of the Group’s internationalisation path from “product and technology going global” to
    “production system and supply chain capability going global”.


    CONSOLIDATING COMMERCIAL NETWORKS TO DRIVE INNOVATION TRANSFORMATION
    The Group possesses a well‑established and robust commercialisation capability, supported by a professional marketing
    team of over 10,000 employees covering medical institutions and retail channels nationwide. We are actively advancing
    market penetration into lower‑tier regions and deepening our presence in county‑level grassroots markets to deliver
    high‑quality drugs to the public. Our experienced sales system and rich commercialisation experience provide a solid
    foundation for the launch and market performance of the Group’s innovative drugs in the future.


    Looking ahead, the Group will continue to drive development through technological innovation, and leverage its robust
    commercialisation capabilities to support the high‑quality development of China’s pharmaceutical industry and bring benefits
    to more patients.




6   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



BUSINESS REVIEW
FINISHED DRUG BUSINESS
In the first half of 2026, the major changes in pharmaceutical policies and industry conditions are as follows:


•     In March 2026, China’s “15th Five‑Year Plan” designated the biopharmaceutical sector as a national “emerging
      pillar industry” for the first time, and positioned biomanufacturing as a future industry, further elevating its strategic
      importance within the national industrial system. The Plan also proposes to improve the coordinated development
      and governance mechanism of medical services, medical insurance and pharmaceuticals, driving the upgrade of the
      “Three-Medical Linkage” from departmental-level reforms to systematical coordinated governance.


•     From February to March 2026, the 11th batch of national centralised procurement was officially implemented, and the
      unified successive procurement for drugs covered in the 1st to 8th batches of national centralised procurement was
      formally put into effect. These reflect the continuous adjustment and improvement of the centralised volume-based
      procurement rules. The guiding principles of “ensuring stable clinical supply and curbing irrational internal competition”,
      together with the mechanism under which medical institutions report procurement volumes by manufacturer, facilitated
      the centralised procurement to evolve from purely low-price competition to quality and brand competition, thereby
      guiding the adjustment of the pharmaceutical industry structure and the consolidation of the sector.


•     In April 2026, the General Office of the State Council issued the Several Opinions on Improving the Drug Pricing
      Mechanism (《關於健全藥品價格形成機制的若干意見》), which states that a full‑cycle, full‑channel and full‑scope
      drug pricing mechanism shall be established and improved, providing institutional support for the realisation of drug
      value and orderly market competition.


•     In July 2026, the National Health Commission released the National Essential Medicines List (2026 Edition), which will
      directly affect clinical medication guidelines, formularies and drug stocking by medical institutions, and will take effect
      on 1 September 2026. Upon its implementation, medical institutions will be required to complete the adjustment of
      their stocking adjustments within a specified timeframe. The use of drugs not included in the list may face a narrower
      scope of clinical application.


ADDRESSING MARKET CHALLENGES TO DRIVE DIVERSIFIED REVENUE GROWTH
In response to the aforementioned policy changes, on one hand, the Group actively seized policy opportunities and
responded to market challenges by advancing diversified strategies including academic development, market penetration into
lower‑tier regions, and expansion of retail channels, to enhance product market penetration and brand influence. Revenue
from finished drugs recorded a significant year‑on‑year increase in the first half of 2026. On the other hand, the Group
placed equal emphasis on strengthening its internal capabilities and intensifying R&D efforts, continuously increasing R&D
investment and facilitating the launch of new products. By strengthening innovation capabilities and developing products
with distinctive market advantages, the Group enhanced the competitiveness of its overall product pipeline. Meanwhile, the
Group actively expanded its international footprint through out‑licensing and international cooperation to tap into overseas
markets. The abovesaid strategy has yielded notable results, with licence fee income becoming the Group’s second growth
driver. In the first half of 2026, the Group’s licence fee income was RMB5,895 million, representing a year-on-year increase
of 448.5%.




                                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2026     7
    Management Discussion and Analysis



    The finished drug business recorded a revenue of RMB16,061 million (including licence fee income of RMB5,895 million) for
    the first half of 2026, representing an increase of 56.7% as compared to the same period of previous year. The analysis of
    revenue from finished drug business is as follows:


                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                          2026               2025            Change
                                                                                   (RMB’000)           (RMB’000)
    By Therapeutic Area
    Nervous system                                                                  4,789,726           3,754,814            +27.6%
    Oncology                                                                        1,005,654           1,050,606              -4.3%
    Anti-infectives                                                                 1,681,396           1,656,912             +1.5%
    Cardiovascular                                                                  1,033,051             868,336            +19.0%
    Respiratory system                                                                520,935             575,441              -9.5%
    Digestion and metabolism                                                          535,622             528,099             +1.4%
    Others                                                                            599,358             738,777             -18.9%
    Sales of goods                                                                 10,165,742           9,172,985            +10.8%
    Licence fee income                                                              5,894,969           1,074,667           +448.5%
    Total revenue                                                                  16,060,711         10,247,652             +56.7%


    Nervous System
    Major products include NBP (恩必普®) (butylphthalide soft capsules/injection), Mingfule (明復樂®) (recombinant human
    TNK tissue-type plasminogen activator for injection), Shuanling (舒安靈®) (pentoxifylline extended-release tablets/injection),
    Enliwei (恩理維®) (lacosamide injection/tablets), Enxi (恩悉®) (pramipexole dihydrochloride tablets), Oushuan (歐舒安®)
    (paliperidone extended-release tablets), Ouyuexin (歐悅欣®) (desvenlafaxine succinate extended-release tablets) and
    Oulaining (歐來寧®) (oxiracetam capsules/oxiracetam for injection).


    •     NBP (恩必普®)
          NBP is China’s first Class 1 innovative chemical drug with independent intellectual property rights in the field of
          cerebrovascular diseases. It has received a total of 36 recommendations from professional institutions and clinical
          guidelines, and is primarily used for the treatment of ischemic stroke and related diseases, making it one of the core
          therapeutic agents for the clinical diagnosis and treatment of this indication. NBP has currently launched four “14th
          Five-Year” research projects. Among these, the BLESS study on mild stroke and the IMPACT study on cerebral
          small vessel disease, both initiated in 2025, are designed to generate high-level clinical evidence for NBP’s sequential
          treatment regimen and long-term medication strategies spanning six months to one year, thereby further solidifying its
          clinical position in stroke management. In July 2026, both the capsule and injection formulations of NBP were included
          in the National Essential Medicines List (2026 Edition), which will significantly facilitate the development and application
          of the product in the primary healthcare market.




8   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



•     Mingfule (明復樂®)
      Mingfule is a third-generation specific thrombolytic drug independently developed with complete independent
      intellectual property rights. As the first tenecteplase product approved in China for the indication of acute ischemic
      stroke (AIS), it has been included in multiple clinical treatment guidelines. In January 2026, the American Heart
      Association (AHA) and the American Stroke Association (ASA) jointly released the 2026 Guidelines for the Early
      Management of Patients with Acute Ischemic Stroke, formally elevating tenecteplase to a first-line intravenous
      thrombolytic agent on par with alteplase. As a representative Chinese-developed tenecteplase, Mingfule has received
      official recognition from internationally authoritative guideline. During the first half of 2026, four research findings
      pertaining to Mingfule (TRACE-5, OPTION, INSTANT and TAPIS) were successively published in four of the world’s
      leading medical journals, further strengthening the high-level evidence base supporting the Company’s products and
      laying a solid foundation for their broader standardised clinical application. At present, the forward-looking clinical
      development pipeline for Mingfule continues to advance, with a registrational clinical study for thrombolytic treatment
      of AIS within 4.5 to 24 hours of symptom onset already initiated. Upon approval of this indication, Mingfule is expected
      to become the first thrombolytic drug in China to cover a 24-hour thrombolysis treatment window, thereby further
      expanding the eligible patient population and unlocking the product’s long-term value.


•     Shuanling (舒安靈®)
      Shuanling is a non-selective phosphodiesterase inhibitor that can synergistically improve microcirculation disorders
      leveraging multiple mechanisms of action. Its clinical indications are continually expanding into the fields of
      endocrinology and nephrology. The market potential is expected to further expand as the doctors having an enhanced
      understanding of the product and the continuous penetration into lower-tier markets.


In the first half of 2026, NBP (恩必普®) continued to deepen its presence in the lower-tier and out-of-hospital markets,
achieving a significant year-on-year increase in sales revenue. With the continuous strengthening of evidence-based medical
data and enhanced clinical recognition of specific thrombolytic drug, Mingfule (明復樂®) recorded a substantial year-on-year
sales revenue growth. Ouyuexin (歐悅欣®) and Shuanling (舒安靈®) also recorded a significant year-on-year increase in sales
revenue, while Enxi (恩悉®) and Oushuan (歐舒安®) experienced slight year-on-year declines in sales revenue.


Oncology
Major products include Duoenyi (多恩益®) (irinotecan hydrochloride liposome injection), Jinyouli (津優力®) (PEG-rhG-CSF
injection), Ennituo (恩尼妥®) (Anbenitamab injection), Xinbaizi (欣柏梓®) (paclitaxel for injection (albumin-bound) II), Keaili (克艾
力®) (paclitaxel for injection (albumin-bound)), Duoenda (多恩達®) (mitoxantrone hydrochloride liposome injection), Enshuxing
(恩舒幸®) (enlonstobart injection), Geruite (戈瑞特®) (lenvatinib mesilate capsules) and Jinlitai (津立泰®) (narlumosbart
injection).


•     Duoenyi (多恩益®)
      Duoenyi is the first generic irinotecan hydrochloride liposome injection in China. It was approved in September 2023 for
      use in combination with 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) and leucovorin (LV) for the treatment of patients with metastatic pancreatic
      cancer that have progressed after receiving gemcitabine treatment. In December 2025, Duoenyi secured approval for
      an additional indication, enabling its combination therapy with oxaliplatin, 5-FU and LV for the first-line treatment of
      metastatic pancreatic cancer, becoming the first irinotecan hydrochloride liposome injection approved for the first-line
      treatment of pancreatic cancer in China. Both the CSCO Guidelines and CACA Guidelines list the combination regimen
      as a recommendation for the treatment of metastatic pancreatic cancer in first-line, second-line and beyond.




                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2026     9
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     •    Jinyouli (津優力®)
          Jinyouli is the first long-acting white blood cell booster drug independently developed in China. It is a Class 1 new
          therapeutic biological drug used to prevent and treat incidence of infection and pyrexia due to low neutrophil count
          in patients receiving chemotherapy. Through PEG modification technology, the product significantly improves
          administration convenience and patient compliance, and has been consistently recommended by authoritative
          guidelines domestically and internationally, winning multiple national-level awards.


     •    Duoenda (多恩達®)
          Duoenda, a Class 2 new chemical drug independently developed by the Group, which was included in the National
          Reimbursement Drug List (“NRDL”) in 2023 for the treatment of relapsed/refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma, is
          the world’s first mitoxantrone liposomal formulation to obtain market approval and has secured patent authorisations
          across multiple countries. At present, Duoenda is advancing clinical exploration for multiple hematologic malignancy
          indications, including front-line treatment of peripheral T-cell lymphoma (PTCL), diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, and
          acute myeloid leukemia. Concurrently, the Company is accelerating its overseas market expansion to promote the
          international application of this product.


     •    Enshuxing (恩舒幸®)
          Enshuxing is a Class 1 new therapeutic biological drug, for which the Group owns the invention patent and complete
          independent property rights. The product was included in the NRDL in 2024. Enshuxing, a recombinant anti-PD-1
          fully human monoclonal antibody, is indicated for the treatment of recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer with PD-
          L1 expression positive (CPS≥1) in patients who have failed at least first-line of platinum-containing chemotherapy.
          Clinical data have demonstrated that Enshuxing, in combination with first-line therapy for patients with recurrent or
          metastatic cervical cancer, achieved a median progression-free survival (mPFS) of 15.1 months, showing significantly
          superior efficacy compared to similar products. In second-line and later-line monotherapy for patients with recurrent
          or metastatic cervical cancer, the median overall survival (mOS) reached 21.3 months. Leveraging outstanding clinical
          data, this product has been recommended in the guidelines of three major associations, namely the Chinese Medical
          Association, CSCO, and CACA. The market promotion of Enshuxing is primarily focused on gynecological tumors
          (including cervical cancer and endometrial cancer), while also actively advancing its clinical research in solid tumors
          such as esophageal cancer, colorectal cancer, and non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).


     •    Xinbaizi (欣柏梓®)
          Xinbaizi receives marketing approval in June 2026, with the indication for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer
          after failure of combination chemotherapy or breast cancer relapse within 6 months of adjuvant chemotherapy. Phase
          III clinical study demonstrated that the Xinbaizi achieves a significant improvement in efficacy compared to conventional
          paclitaxel albumin, with an ORR increase of 10% (35.8% vs 25.8%) and, a significant prolongation of mPFS by 1.5
          months (8.31 months vs 6.83 months), while mOS has not yet been reached, with a 33% reduction in the risk of death
          (HR=0.67), confirming clear survival benefits for patients.


     In the first half of 2026, sales revenue of this therapeutic area recorded a slight year-on-year decline of 4.3%. The sales
     revenue of Duoenyi (多恩益®) experienced a significant year-on-year decline due to the impact of the price reduction under
     NRDL. Benefiting from the communication of the product’s evidence-based advantages and the steady increase in clinical
     penetration of the long-acting white blood cell booster regimen, the sales revenue of Jinyouli (津優力®) recorded a substantial
     year-on-year growth; and the sales revenue of Duoenda (多恩達®) and Enshuxing (恩舒幸®) maintained stable growth.




10   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Anti-infectives
Major products include Anfulike (安複利克®) (amphotericin B cholesteryl sulfate complex for injection), Ansulike (安速利
克®) (amphotericin B liposome for injection), Weihong (維宏®) (azithromycin tablets/capsules/enteric tablets, azithromycin
for injection), Shuluoke (舒羅克®) (meropenem for injection), Nuomoling (諾莫靈®) (amoxicillin capsules), Xianqu (先曲®)
(ceftriaxone sodium for injection), Xianwu (先伍®) (cefazolin sodium for injection) and Oujian (歐健®) (cefixime capsules), etc.


•    Anfulike (安複利克®)
     Anfulike was approved for marketing through priority review in March 2021 and included in the NRDL in the same year
     for the treatment of patients with invasive fungal infections. This product has undergone modifications of lipid structure,
     which significantly reduce the incidence of nephrotoxicity and hypokalaemia, expand the applicable population, and
     help lower the medical cost. Recognised for its clinical value and market demand, Anfulike is jointly recommended by
     the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and the National Health Commission of the People’s Republic of
     China as a “clinically urgent, market-deficient” drug.


•    Ansulike (安速利克®)
     Ansulike was approved for marketing in September 2024. As a polyene antibiotic, it is one of the most potent and
     broad-spectrum drugs for the prevention and treatment of invasive fungal diseases. Utilising a liposomal drug delivery
     system, it encapsulates amphotericin B in small unilamellar liposomes (less than 100nm) composed of hydrogenated
     soybean phosphatidylcholine, distearoyl phosphatidylglycerol, and cholesterol. Ansulike is the first amphotericin B
     liposome in the PRC to pass the consistency evaluation. In 2025, it was successfully included in the NRDL through
     price negotiation, with all reimbursement restrictions removed. The updated reimbursement policy was implemented in
     January 2026, benefiting more antifungal patients. It was approved for marketing in the European Union in April 2026,
     marking a “zero breakthrough” for Chinese liposome preparations in the European market.


In the first half of 2026, the sales revenue of Ansulike (安速利克®) and Weihong (維宏®) recorded significant year-on-year
growth. The sales revenue of Anfulike (安複利克®), Shuluoke (舒羅克®) and Nuomoling (諾莫靈®) remained stable. The sales
revenue of Oujian (歐健®) and Xianqu (先曲®) experienced a year-on-year decline due to market competition and centralised
procurement.


Cardiovascular
Major products include Xuanning (玄寧®) (maleate levamlodipine tablets/dispersible tablets), Encun (恩存®) (clopidogrel
bisulfate tablets), Abikang (阿比康®) (aspirin enteric tablets), Yishuning (意舒寧®) (nifedipine controlled-release tablets),
Mingfule (明復樂®) (recombinant human TNK tissue-type plasminogen activator for injection (rhTNK-tPA)), Daxinning (達新寧®)
(dronedarone hydrochloride tablets) and Meiluolin (美洛林®) (ticagrelor tablets), etc.


•    Xuanning (玄寧®)
     Xuanning is mainly used for the treatment of hypertension and angina (including chronic stable angina and vasospastic
     angina), and is a product in the NRDL and National Essential Medicines List. The Group will continue to implement
     all-channel promotion strategy, strengthen penetration into lower-tier markets and patient transition in and outside
     hospitals. At the same time, the Group will enhance promotion in retail terminals and online platform, so as to fully
     unleash the brand advantage of the product and increase the accessibility and medication coverage.




                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2026     11
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     •    Encun (恩存®)
          Encun is a platelet aggregation inhibitor, which is mainly used to prevent atherosclerotic thrombotic events such as
          myocardial infarction and ischemic stroke. As the first domestically produced clopidogrel that has obtained the U.S.
          FDA approval, Encun adopts similar process and production lines to those in the U.S. market, achieving simultaneous
          launch in China and the U.S.. It is also the preferred antithrombotic drug for acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and
          preferred antiplatelet drug for stroke prevention recommended by authoritative domestic and international guidelines
          and consensus. Leveraging stringent quality control and international certification, Encun rapidly iterated domestically
          and its sales volume ranked second only to the originator drug, and led other domestic competitors. Meanwhile, it
          successfully entered overseas markets such as the U.S., becoming a model for the internationalisation of domestic
          cardiovascular drugs. In the future, leveraging the international certification and market advantage of Encun, the
          Company will deepen the cooperation with overseas pharmaceutical companies as well as continue to consolidate and
          enhance its competitive strength in domestic and global markets.


     •    Mingfule (明復樂®)
          Mingfule is a domestic innovative third-generation specific thrombolytic drug independently developed by the Group
          based on the Chinese genome sequence, focusing on the thrombolysis treatment in patients with acute myocardial
          infarction within 6 hours of onset. With its outstanding efficacy and favorable safety, Mingfule is a preferred thrombolytic
          drug recommended by multiple authoritative guidelines, including the Guidelines for the Rational Medication for
          Thrombolytic Treatment of Acute ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction (2nd Edition), Chinese Expert Consensus
          on Microcirculation Protection Strategies for Emergency PCI in Patients with ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial
          Infarction, Chinese Expert Consensus on Pre-hospital Thrombolysis for ST-Segment Elevation Acute Myocardial
          Infarction and Expert Consensus on Intracoronary Thrombolysis during Percutaneous Coronary Intervention for Acute
          ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction (2025). Considering its clinical advantages in cardiovascular emergency
          care, Mingfule has become an important therapeutic option in this field.


     In the first half of 2026, the sales revenue of Xuanning (玄寧®), Encun (恩存®), and Daxinning (達新寧®) maintained steady
     year-on-year growth; whereas the sales revenue of Meiluolin (美洛林®) and Abikang (阿比康®) experienced a certain degree of
     year-on-year decline due to market competition and the impact of centralised volume-based procurement.


     Respiratory System
     Major products include Yiluoda (伊絡達®) (nintedanib soft capsules), Enyitan (恩益坦®) (omalizumab for injection), Qixin
     (琦昕®) (oseltamivir phosphate capsules), Nuoyian (諾一安®) (montelukast sodium tablets/chewable tablets), Qixiao (琦效®)
     (arbidol hydrochloride tablets) , Zhongnuo Like (中諾立克®) (ambroxol hydrochloride oral solution) and Zhongnuoping (中諾平®)
     (ambroxol hydrochloride extended-release tablets), etc.


     •    Yiluoda (伊絡達®)
          Yiluoda is the first generic nintedanib preparation in China, indicated for the treatment of systemic sclerosis-associated
          interstitial lung disease (SSc-ILD), progressive fibrosing interstitial lung diseases (PF-ILD) and idiopathic pulmonary
          fibrosis (IPF). Currently, all three of the aforementioned indications have been included in the NRDL, providing strong
          support for the robust growth of the product.




12   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



•     Enyitan (恩益坦®)
      Enyitan is the first biosimilar drug of Xolair (茁樂®) developed as Class 3.3 therapeutic biological product in China. It
      is indicated for adults and adolescents (12 years of age and older) with chronic spontaneous urticaria who remain
      symptomatic despite H1 antihistamine treatment. In February 2025, Enyitan received approval for the new indication of
      moderate to severe persistent allergic asthma. The Global Strategy for Asthma Management and Prevention (GINA 2024)
      report states that for patients 6 years of age and older with severe allergic asthma, IgE therapy (such as omalizumab)
      is strongly recommended. The clinical equivalence of Enyitan with the original drug has been verified through rigorous
      head-to-head clinical studies. Following its market launch, it was rapidly incorporated into the recommended treatment
      pathways of the China Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Allergic Asthma (2025 Edition) and the Guidelines
      for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Chronic Spontaneous Urticaria, and was included in the NRDL in 2025 at the same
      time.


In the first half of 2026, affected by the centralised volume-based procurement and the market condition, the sales revenue
of Yiluoda (伊絡達®) and Nuoyian (諾一安®) experienced a decline year‑on‑year. The sales revenue of Enyitan (恩益坦®)
achieved substantial year‑on‑year growth by expanding policies such as terminals and dual‑channel access.


Digestion and Metabolism
Major products include Shuanglexin (雙樂欣®) (metformin hydrochloride tablets/extended-release tablets), Oubeituo (歐倍
妥®) (esomeprazole magnesium enteric-coated capsules), Debixin (得必欣®) (omeprazole enteric-coated capsules/tablets/
injection), ilaprazole enteric-coated tablets, Xinweiping (欣維平®) (acarbose tablets) and Linmeixin (林美欣®) (glimepiride
dispersible tablets).


•     Oubeituo (歐倍妥®)
      Oubeituo is the S-isomer of omeprazole, a core proton pump inhibitor (PPI) with a more potent acid-suppressing
      effect and higher bioavailability. This product is consistently recommended by authoritative domestic and international
      guidelines as the drug of choice for the treatment of gastro-esophageal reflux disease and peptic ulcers. It can also
      be used in combination with antibiotics for Helicobacter pylori (Hp) eradication therapy. Having passed consistency
      evaluation and obtained the U.S. FDA certification, Oubeituo delivers originator-level quality while significantly reducing
      patient burden. It stands as a preferred medication for its potent efficacy, rapid onset of action, and suitability for both
      initial and long-term maintenance therapy.


•     Debixin (得必欣®)
      Debixin, a classic PPI, is included in the National Essential Medicines List and classified as Category A under the
      medical insurance. Recommended by numerous domestic and international authoritative guidelines, it is indicated for
      the treatment of various gastric diseases caused by excessive gastric acid.


In the first half of 2026, the sales revenue of Xinweiping and Debixin maintained stable growth, while Oubeituo experienced a
year-on-year decline.




                                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2026      13
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Other Therapeutic Areas
     Major products include Youdening (優得寧®) (Celecoxib Capsules), Qimaite (奇邁特®) (tramadol hydrochloride tablets),
     Ouwei (歐維®) (mecobalamin tablets), Sodium Chloride Injection, Gaoshunsong (高順松®) (Acemetacin Sustained-Release
     Capsules), Lidocaine Hydrochloride Injection, Gubang (固邦®) (alendronate sodium tablets/enteric tablets) and so on.


     Bulk Product Business
     In the first half of 2026, the bulk product business recorded sales revenue of RMB1,660 million, representing a year-on-year
     decrease of 20.0%.


     Vitamin C
     In the first half of 2026, the sales revenue of Vitamin C products amounted to RMB1,010 million, representing a decrease of
     15.5% as compared with the same period last year. The decrease in revenue was primarily due to a decline in product selling
     prices. Meanwhile, the release of industry capacity resulted in increased supply and intensified competition, driving down
     overall market price. The Group will keep on consolidating product quality, enhancing customer services, steadily expanding
     overseas sales channels, and continuously increasing its market share.


     Antibiotics
     In the first half of 2026, the sales revenue of antibiotics amounted to RMB650 million, representing a decrease of 26.0% as
     compared with the same period last year. The decrease was mainly due to the intensified market competition and the effect
     of downstream products being selected in the 11th batch of the national volume‑based procurement, which led to a decline
     in both sales volume and prices of penicillin‑series products and 7‑ACA, as well as a certain degree of decline in sales
     volume of penem‑series products.


     FUNCTIONAL FOOD AND OTHER BUSINESSES
     In the first half of 2026, the functional food and other businesses recorded sales revenue of RMB873 million, representing a
     decrease of 8.2% as compared with the same period last year, mainly due to the decrease in both sales volume and prices
     of anhydrous glucose and caffeine during the period.


     RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
     R&D expenses for the period increased by 12.9% to RMB3,029 million as compared with the same period last year,
     accounting for 29.8% of the revenue from the finished drug business (excluding the impact of licence fee income). Currently,
     there are over 130 products in various clinical R&D stages, with 16 of them having submitted applications for marketing
     approval and nearly 30 key products in the registration stage of clinical trials.




14   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



REGULATORY UPDATES
Since the beginning of 2026, the regulatory progress of the Group in the PRC is as follows: 6 innovative drugs have obtained
marketing approvals; applications for marketing approval of 9 drugs have been accepted; 3 drugs have been granted
breakthrough therapy designations; 21 drugs have obtained clinical trial approvals. In addition, the Group received 9 clinical
trial approvals in overseas markets and received marketing approval in the European Union for one drug developed in-house.


China
Marketing Approvals Obtained
Month                Drug Candidate                                  Indication

                                                                     Treatment of patients with hypertension when oral therapy is not feasible
January 2026         Clevidipine injectable emulsion
                                                                     or is anticipated to be ineffective

March 2026           Aprepitant injection                            Prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) in adults

                                                                     It is indicated for the treatment of adults with moderate to severe
                                                                     plaque psoriasis who have failed to respond to, have contraindications
                                                                     to, or are intolerant of other systemic therapies, including ciclosporin
                                                                     and methotrexate (MTX), or PUVA (psoralen and ultraviolet A), and
May 2026             Ustekinumab injection
                                                                     for the treatment of patients aged 6 years and older with moderate to
                                                                     severe plaque psoriasis, weighing 60 kg to 100 kg, who have had an
                                                                     inadequate response to, or are intolerant of, other systemic therapies or
                                                                     phototherapy

                                                                     In combination with chemotherapy for the treatment of adult patients with
                                                                     locally advanced or metastatic HER2-positive gastric or gastroesophageal
May 2026             Anbenitamab injection
                                                                     junction adenocarcinoma who have received at least one prior treatment
                                                                     regimen containing trastuzumab

                                                                     The treatment of metastatic breast cancer after failure of chemotherapy
                                                                     or breast cancer relapse within 6 months of adjuvant chemotherapy (prior
June 2026            Paclitaxel for injection (albumin-bound) (II)
                                                                     chemotherapy regimens should have included an anthracycline unless
                                                                     clinically contraindicated)

July 2026            Paliperidone palmitate injection                The treatment of schizophrenia in both acute and maintenance phases




                                                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2026       15
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Applications for Marketing Approval Accepted
     Month             Drug Candidate                                        Indication

                                                                             An adjunct to diet and exercise for adult patients with type 2 diabetes
                                                                             mellitus (T2DM) who have inadequate glycemic control on metformin
     January 2026      Prusogliptin and metformin extended-release tablets
                                                                             monotherapy or who are already receiving combination therapy with
                                                                             prusogliptin and metformin

     May 2026          Sitagliptin and metformin extended-release tablets    Type 2 diabetes

                       Dextromethorphan bupropion extended-release
     May 2026                                                                Depression in adults
                       tablets

                       SYH9056 tablets (Valsartan and Levamlodipine          Mild-to-moderate essential hypertension inadequately controlled by
     June 2026
                       Maleate Tablets)                                      monotherapy

     June 2026         Secukinumab injection                                 Moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis, among others

     June 2026         Edaglutide Alfa injection                             Glycaemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes

                                                                             Unresectable or metastatic HER2-positive breast cancer in adult patients
     July 2026         Trastuzumab envedotin injection
                                                                             who have received one or more prior anti-HER2 therapies

                                                                             Unresectable locally advanced or metastatic malignant perivascular
     July 2026         Sirolimus for injection (albumin-bound)
                                                                             epithelioid cell tumour (PEComa)

                       Anbenitamab injection (KN026)/docetaxel for           Adult patients with early-stage or locally advanced HER2-positive breast
     August 2026
                       injection (albumin-bound) (HB1801)                    cancer receiving neoadjuvant therapy


     Breakthrough Therapy Designations (BTD) Granted
     Month             Drug Candidate                                        Indication

                                                                             Unresectable locally advanced or metastatic esophageal squamous
                                                                             cell carcinoma that has failed prior first-line treatment with a
     May 2026          SYS6010
                                                                             platinum‑containing chemotherapy regimen and an immune checkpoint
                                                                             inhibitor (ICI)

                                                                             In combination with docetaxel (albumin‑bound) for the first‑line treatment
                       Docetaxel for injection (albumin-bound)
     July 2026                                                               of adult patients with unresectable or metastatic HER2‑positive breast
                       (HB1801)/anbenitamab injection (KN026)
                                                                             cancer

                                                                             Monotherapy for the treatment of platinum‑resistant ovarian cancer,
     July 2026         SYS6043
                                                                             primary peritoneal cancer and fallopian tube cancer




16   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Clinical Trial Approvals Obtained
First Indication
Month              Drug Candidate                                          Indication

January 2026       SYS6055 injection                                       Relapsed/refractory aggressive B-cell lymphoma

February 2026      SYH9089 injection (ropivacaine long-acting injection)   Post-operative analgesia

March 2026         SYS6053 (emicizumab injection)                          Treatment of patients with Hemophilia A

                   Indacaterol Acetate and Mometasone Furoate              Maintenance treatment of asthma in adults and adolescents 12 years of
March 2026
                   Powder for Inhalation                                   age and older

                   SYH2059 powder for inhalation (a highly selective
March 2026                                                                 Interstitial lung disease
                   PDE4B inhibitor)

                   SYH2082 injection (GLP-1/GIP receptor dual-biased       Weight management for individuals with obesity or overweight and at
March 2026
                   agonist polypeptide long-acting injection)              least one weight-related comorbidity

                                                                           Prevention of lower respiratory tract infection caused by respiratory
March 2026         JMT205 injection (nirsevimab injection)                 syncytial virus (RSV) in newborns and infants entering or born during their
                                                                           first RSV season

April 2026         SYS6051 for injection (TF ADC)                          Advanced solid tumors

May 2026           SYH2095 tablets (a highly selective KAT6 inhibitor)     Advanced malignant tumors

                   SYS6063 injection (mRNA‑LNP‑based bispecific
June 2026                                                                  Relapsed/refractory systemic lupus erythematosus
                   CD19 and BCMA CAR‑T cell injection)

July 2026          SYS6052 (recombinant herpes zoster vaccine)             Prevention of herpes zoster

                                                                           For use in patients with non-myeloid malignant tumors to reduce the
                                                                           incidence of infections manifested by febrile neutropenia when receiving
July 2026          SYS6067 injection
                                                                           myelosuppressive anticancer drugs that are prone to cause febrile
                                                                           neutropenia

                                                                           Prevention of lower respiratory tract disease caused by recombinant
July 2026          SYS6057 injection
                                                                           respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) infection




                                                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2026          17
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Additional Indication
     Month                   Drug Candidate                          Indication

                                                                     For the treatment of locally advanced (phase IIIB/IIIC), metastatic (phase
                                                                     IV) NSCLC and extensive-phase SCLC that are not amenable to curative
     January 2026            SYS6090 injection (PD-1/IL-15)
                                                                     treatment (not suitable for complete surgical resection with curative intent
                                                                     or chemoradiotherapy)

                                                                     In combination with other drugs for the treatment of unresectable locally
     February 2026           SYS6023 for injection (HER3 ADC)
                                                                     advanced or metastatic breast cancer

     March 2026              JMT206 injection (ACTR-IIA/IIB)         Sarcopenia

     March 2026              SYS6090 injection (PD-1/IL-15)          Digestive system tumors

     April 2026              SYS6006 injection                       Advanced solid tumors

                             SYH2069 injection (GLP-1/GIP receptor   As a medication adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control
     April 2026
                             dual-biased agonist)                    in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM)

     June 2026               SYS6041 for injection                   In combination with other drugs for the treatment of ovarian cancer

     June 2026               SYS6010 for injection                   Adjuvant therapy for NSCLC in combination with enlonstobart




18   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Overseas
Clinical Trial Approvals Granted by the U.S. FDA
Month              Drug Candidate                                        Indication

                   SYH2072 tablets (potent aldosterone
January 2026                                                             Uncontrolled hypertension and resistant hypertension
                   synthase inhibitor)

                   SYH2082 injection (GLP-1/GIP receptor dual-biased     Weight management for individuals with obesity or overweight and at
February 2026
                   agonist polypeptide long-acting injection)            least one weight-related comorbidity

                   Paclitaxel protein-bound particles for injectable     Metastatic breast cancer after failure of combination chemotherapy or
February 2026
                   suspension, rapid suspension (albumin-bound)          relapse within 6 months of adjuvant chemotherapy

                   SYH2059 powder for inhalation (a highly selective
March 2026                                                               Pulmonary fibrosis (PF)
                   PDE4B inhibitor)

April 2026         SYS6036                                               Advanced solid tumors

April 2026         SYH2095 tablets (a highly selective KAT6 inhibitor)   Advanced malignant tumors

April 2026         SYS6051 for injection (TF ADC)                        Advanced solid tumors

                                                                         Weight management in adults who are overweight or obese, along with a
June 2026          SYH9017 (semaglutide long-acting injection)
                                                                         reduced-calorie diet and increased physical activity

June 2026          SYHX2008 (octreotide long-acting injection)           Acromegaly


Marketing authorisation approved in Europe
Month              Drug Candidate                                        Indication

                                                                         Systemic and/or deep fungal infections affecting one or more of the
                                                                         body’s internal organs, and empirical treatment of presumed fungal
                   Amphotericin B liposomal, powder for concentrate
April 2026                                                               infections in febrile neutropenic patients, where the fever has failed to
                   for dispersion for infusion
                                                                         respond to broad-spectrum antibiotics and appropriate investigations
                                                                         have failed to define a bacterial or viral cause




                                                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2026      19
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     REGISTRATION APPROVALS OBTAINED
     Since the beginning of 2026, a total of 5 generic drugs have obtained drug registration approvals, namely budesonide
     enteric-coated capsules, lansoprazole enteric-coated capsules, iron sucrose injection, brexpiprazole, empagliflozin and
     metformin extended-release tablets.


     Major Clinical Trial Progress During the Reporting Period
     Initiation of Pivotal Clinical Trial
     Octreotide long-acting injection
     •     In May 2026, the first site was initiated in the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China of Octreotide long-acting
           injection for the treatment of acromegaly.


     CM326 injection
     •     In January 2026, the first site was initiated in the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China of CM326 injection for the
           treatment of moderate-to-severe asthma.


     •     In February 2026, the first site was initiated in the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China of CM326 injection for the
           treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps (CRSwNP).


     Anbenitamab repodatecan (JSKN003)
     •     In February 2026, the first site was initiated in the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China evaluating Anbenitamab
           repodatecan for the treatment of third-line HER2-positive advanced colorectal cancer.


     Anbenitamab injection (KN026)
     •     In February 2026, the first site was initiated in the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China of anbenitamab injection in
           combination with docetaxel (albumin-bound) and chemotherapy for the neoadjuvant treatment of HER2-positive breast
           cancer.


     SYH2053 injection (PCSK9 SiRNA)
     •     In February 2026, the first site was initiated in the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China of SYH2053 injection in
           combination with statins for the treatment of primary hypercholesterolemia and mixed dyslipidemia.


     •     In February 2026, the first site was initiated in the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China of SYH2053 injection for the
           treatment of primary hypercholesterolemia and mixed dyslipidemia.


     •     In March 2026, the first site was initiated in the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China of SYH2053 injection in
           combination with statins for the treatment of heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia.


     Paclitaxel cationic liposome for injection
     •     In March 2026, Phase III stage was achieved and the first site was initiated in the Phase Ib/III clinical trial conducted in
           China of combination systemic therapy for first-line treatment of colorectal cancer liver metastases.




20   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



SYS6010 (EGFR ADC)
•    In March 2026, the first site was initiated in the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China of SYS6010 for injection
     comparing investigator’s choice of chemotherapy for the treatment of 2L esophageal squamous cell carcinom.


•    In March 2026, the first site was initiated in the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China of SYS6010 for injection
     comparing docetaxel for the treatment of 2L driver gene-negative non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).


•    In March 2026, the first site was initiated in the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China of SYS6010 for injection
     comparing investigator’s choice of chemotherapy for the treatment of HER2-negative, EGFR-positive breast cancer.


•    In June 2026, the first site was initiated in the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China of SYS6010 for injection in
     combination with enlonstobart for the adjuvant treatment of NSCLC.


•    In June 2026, the first site was initiated in the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China of SYS6010 for injection for the
     first-line treatment of driver gene-negative PD-L1-positive NSCLC.


SYHA1813 oral solution
•    In May 2026, the first site was initiated in the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China of SYHA1813 oral solution for
     the treatment of recurrent or progressive high-grade meningiomas.


Bempedoic acid tablets
•    In June 2026, the first site was initiated in the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China of bempedoic acid tablets in
     combination with statins for hyperlipidemia.


Aprocitentan tablets
•    In June 2026, the first site was initiated in the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China of aprocitentan tablets for the
     treatment of refractory hypertension.


SYS6043 for injection
•    In July 2026, the first site was initiated in the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China of SYS6043 for injection
     comparing investigator’s choice of chemotherapy for the treatment of platinum-resistant ovarian cancer.


Last Subject Enrollment of Pivotal Clinical Trials
SYS6010 (EGFR ADC)
•    In February 2026, the last subject was enrolled in the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China of SYS6010 for injection
     comparing platinum-based chemotherapy for the treatment of second-line EGFR-mutated NSCLC.


Prusogliptin tablets (in combination)
•    In March 2026, the last subject was enrolled in the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China in combination with
     dapagliflozin and metformin for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus.


Ammuxetine hydrochloride enteric-coated tablets
•    In April 2026, the last subject was enrolled in the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China of ammuxetine hydrochloride
     enteric-coated tablets for the treatment of depression.




                                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2026      21
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     SYH2053 injection (PCSK9 SiRNA)
     •    In April 2026, the last subject was enrolled in the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China of SYH2053 injection for the
          treatment of primary hypercholesterolemia and mixed dyslipidemia.


     •    In May 2026, the last subject was enrolled in the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China of SYH2053 injection in
          combination with statins for the treatment of primary hypercholesterolemia and mixed dyslipidemia.


     SYHX1901 tablets
     •    In April 2026, the last subject was enrolled in the Phase III clinical trial initiated in China of SYHX1901 tablets for the
          treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.


     JMT101 injection
     •    In May 2026, the last subject was enrolled in the Phase III clinical trial of JMT101 injection in combination with
          osimertinib for the treatment of first-line EGFR classical mutated NSCLC.


     Statistical Analysis Results of Pivotal Clinical Trials
     Anbenitamab injection (KN026)
     •    In April 2026, the TFLs were finalised for the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China of anbenitamab injection
          in combination with docetaxel (albumin-bound) compared with trastuzumab and pertuzumab in combination
          with docetaxel injection for the neoadjuvant treatment of HER2-positive breast cancer, with the results meeting
          expectations.


     •    In June 2026, the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China of anbenitamab injection in combination with docetaxel
          (albumin-bound) compared with trastuzumab and pertuzumab in combination with docetaxel injection for the first-line
          treatment of HER2-positive advanced breast cancer met its primary endpoint in a pre-specified interim analysis.


     Secukinumab injection
     •    In January 2026, the clinical trial summary report was completed for the Phase III clinical study conducted in China of
          secukinumab injection for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.


     Dextromethorphan bupropion extended-release tablets
     •    In March 2026, the clinical trial summary report was finalised for the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China of
          dextromethorphan bupropion extended-release tablets for the treatment of adult depression.


     TG103 injection (GLP-1 receptor agonists)
     •    In February 2026, the TFLs were finalised for the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China of TG103 injection for the
          treatment of type 2 diabetes, with the results meeting expectations.


     •    In February 2026, the TFLs were finalised for the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China of TG103 injection in
          combination with metformin for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus, with the results meeting expectations.




22   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Valsartan levoamlodipine maleate tablets
•      In April 2026, the TFLs were finalised for the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China for the treatment of primary
       mild and moderate hypertension that cannot be effectively controlled by monotherapy, with the results meeting
       expectations.


Ammuxetine hydrochloride enteric-coated tablets
•      In July 2026, the Phase III clinical trial conducted in China of ammuxetine hydrochloride enteric-coated tablets for the
       treatment of depression achieved its primary endpoint.


Sirolimus for injection (albumin-bound)
•      In April 2026, the Phase Ib/III clinical trial conducted in China of sirolimus for injection (albumin-bound) comparing
       investigator’s choice for the treatment of advanced malignant PEComa met its primary endpoint.


Publication of Major Results


Product                 Study Title                                                  Journals/Meetings

JMT101                  JMT101 + Real world study for oxetinib                       2026 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual
                                                                                     Meeting — poster presentation

                        JMT101 injection — in combination with oxetinib — ≥          2026 European Lung Cancer Congress (ELCC) — oral presentation
                        2L EGFR Ex20 ins NSCLC-Phase II

ALMB–0168               Case report                                                  Antibody Therapeutic (IF: 4.5)

SYS6010                 Phase I clinical trial of SYS6010 for the treatment of       2026 American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) Annual
                        advanced solid tumors — (nasopharyngeal cancer               Meeting — invited oral presentation
                        data)

                        SYS6010 in combination with SG001 ± chemotherapy             2026 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual
                        — first-line treatment of advanced NSCLC and other           Meeting — online presentation
                        solid tumors — Phase I/II — (esophageal cancer data)

                        SYS6010 — advanced solid tumors — Phase II                   2026 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual
                        (esophageal cancer data)                                     Meeting — poster presentation

                        SYS6010 + SYH2051 ± bevacizumab versus SYS6010               2026 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual
                        — advanced solid tumors — Phase Ib/II — gastric cancer Meeting — poster presentation
                        data

                        SYS6010 + SG001 –advanced lung cancer cohort —               2026 World Conference on Lung Cancer (WCLC) — oral
                        Phase II programme                                           presentation

                        SYS6010-001 — advanced solid tumour — Phase I                Cancer Cell (IF: 56.1)
                        (NSCLC data)

Paclitaxel cationic     IIT clinical trial of paclitaxel cationic liposome for the   2026 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual
liposome                treatment of patients with advanced solid tumors             Meeting — online presentation
                        (intra-arterial chemotherapy)




                                                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2026      23
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Product                 Study Title                                             Journals/Meetings

     Anbenitamab injection   Anbenitamab injection — gastric cancer — Phase III      Annals of Oncology IF: 65.4
     (KN026)/ docetaxel      clinical trial
     (albumin-bound)
                             KN026 + docetaxel versus trastuzumab + pertuzumab       2026 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual
                             + docetaxel — 1L HER2- positive recurrent and metastatic Meeting — oral presentation
                             breast cancer — Phase III
                                                                                     JAMA Oncology (IF: 23.9) — accepted

     Irinotecan liposome     Irinotecan liposome — 1L pancreatic cancer — Phase II   Nature Communications (IF: 14.7)
     injection               clinical trial

     SYS6002                 SYS6002-001 — advanced solid tumors — Phase I           2026 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual
                             urothelial carcinoma                                    Meeting — poster presentation

                             Advanced solid tumor — Phase I programme —              2026 International Gynecologic Cancer Society (IGCS) Annual
                             cervical cancer                                         Meeting — rapid oral presentation

     SYS6043                 SYS6043 — Phase I trial for advanced solid tumors       2026 Society of Gynecologic Oncology (SGO) — scientific invited
                                                                                     oral presentation

                                                                                     2026 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual
                                                                                     Meeting — oral presentation

                                                                                     2026 10th International Conference on Innovative Approaches
                                                                                     in Head and Neck Oncology (ICHNO) — oral presentation (LBA
                                                                                     Proffered paper)

                                                                                     2026 The 29th Annual Meeting of the Chinese Society of Clinical
                                                                                     Oncology (CSCO) — oral presentation

                             SYS6043 — Phase I trial for breast cancer               2026 European Society for Medical Oncology Congress (ESMO) —
                                                                                     rapid oral presentation

     ADC-2419                Non-clinical study                                      2026 American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) Annual
                                                                                     Meeting — poster presentation

     SYS6090                 Non-clinical study                                      2026 American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) Annual
                                                                                     Meeting — poster presentation

                             Advanced solid tumors — Phase I                         2026 European Society for Medical Oncology Congress (ESMO) —
                                                                                     rapid oral presentation

     SYS6023                 SYS6023-001 — SYS6023 for injection — advanced          2026 European Society for Medical Oncology Congress (ESMO) —
                             solid tumours (non-small cell lung cancer) —            poster presentation
                             Phase I/IIa

     JSKN003                 JSKN003-003 — JSKN003 for injection — combination       2026 European Society for Medical Oncology Congress (ESMO) —
                             therapy — 1L and perioperative HER2-positive gastric    poster presentation
                             cancer — Phase II




24   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Product                    Study Title                                                Journals/Meetings

Sirolimus for injection    PEComa — Phase Ib/III project                              2026 European Society for Medical Oncology Congress (ESMO) —
(albumin-bound)                                                                       poster presentation

Docetaxel for injection    Combined chemoradiotherapy — oesophageal cancer            2026 American Society for Radiation Oncology (ASTRO) — poster
(albumin-bound)            — Phase II project                                         presentation

                           Docetaxel for injection (albumin-bound) —                  2026 European Society for Medical Oncology Congress (ESMO)
                           in combination with FOLFOX vs. FOLFOX —                    — poster presentation
                           1L advanced gastric cancer — Phase Ib/III

SYH2053                    Hypercholesterolemia— Phase II project                     2026 European Society of Cardiology (ESC) — poster presentation

TG103 injection            TG103 combination therapy — type 2 diabetes —              2026 European Association for the Study of Diabetes (EASD) —
(Efmedaglutide alfa        Phase III                                                  short oral presentation
injection)

CM326                      Moderate to severe asthma — Phase II project               2026 European Respiratory Society (ERS) Congress — poster
                                                                                      presentation

Paclitaxel for injection   A multicenter, randomised, double-blind, Phase III         Cancer Communications (IF: 24.9)
(albumin-bound) (II)       clinical trial of albumin-bound paclitaxel (SYHX2011) in
                           patients with advanced breast cancer

ALMB-0166                  ALMB-0166 — spinal cord injury — Phase I                   Brain Communications (IF: 4.5)

HF114-006                  Amphotericin B cholesteryl sulfate complex for injection   Scientific Reports (IF: 4.9) — accepted
                           — invasive candidiasis and invasive aspergillosis
                           — Phase III

SYH2092                    Non-clinical study                                         2026 European Congress on Obesity (ECO) — abstract


PATENT DATA
From January 2026 to July 2026, the Group filed a total of 54 PCT international patent applications and 507 patent
applications (170 domestic and 337 foreign). In addition, the Group was granted 44 patents (15 domestic and 29 foreign).


As at 31 July 2026, the Group filed a total of 315 PCT international patent applications and 3,063 patent applications (1,781
domestic and 1,282 foreign). In addition, the Group was granted 1,098 patents (685 domestic and 413 foreign) in aggregate.


BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
The Group continues to strengthen its internal innovation capabilities, with R&D investment increasing year by year. To date,
it has established a robust R&D pipeline and accumulated a number of high-quality innovative assets. In recent years, we
have actively pursued the international expansion of our R&D pipeline and accelerated the global translation of innovative
outcomes through out-licensing of innovative products and strategic collaborations with multinational pharmaceutical
companies.




                                                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2026     25
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     OUT-LICENSING
     Sustained-Release Drug Delivery Technology Platform and AI-driven Peptide Drug Discovery Platform
     In January 2026, the Group entered into a strategic collaboration and licence agreement with AstraZeneca for the
     development of innovative long-acting peptide medicines, utilising the Group’s sustained-release delivery technology platform
     and AI-driven peptide drug discovery platform. AstraZeneca has been granted exclusive global rights (excluding the Chinese
     mainland, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macao Special Administrative Region and Taiwan) to its portfolio of
     once-monthly injectable weight management products. The Group will receive an upfront payment of US$1.2 billion and is
     also eligible to receive up to US$3.5 billion in potential research and development milestone payments and up to US$13.8
     billion in potential sales milestone payments, plus up to double‑digit tiered royalties.


     The Group received the US$1.2 billion upfront payment under the agreement on 29 May 2026, and a US$25 million R&D
     milestone payment on 10 July 2026, indicating that the relevant R&D work is progressing steadily as planned.


     siRNA Drug Discovery Platform
     In July 2026, the Group entered into a collaboration, option and licence agreement with AstraZeneca to co-develop novel
     small nucleic acid drug candidates leveraging the Group’s siRNA drug discovery platform and extrahepatic targeted delivery
     platform. The parties will conduct R&D on pre-clinical candidates for two targets with potential to treat multiple indications
     of renal diseases; AstraZeneca will have the right to exercise its option to obtain the rights for development, manufacturing
     and commercialisation on a worldwide basis or outside the PRC, as applicable. The Group will receive an upfront payment of
     US$30 million, and is also entitled to receive up to US$540 million in potential R&D milestone payments and up to US$1,200
     million in potential sales milestone payments, plus single-digit percentage royalties.


     The Group received the upfront payment of US$30 million under the agreement on 12 August 2026. The receipt of this
     upfront payment marks the smooth advancement of the collaboration between both parties, benefiting the overall strategic
     layout of the Group and accelerating the development of the small nucleic acid pipeline.


     ESTABLISHMENT OF A JOINT VENTURE
     In August 2026, the Group and AstraZeneca entered into a joint venture contract to establish a joint venture for the
     construction of a new-generation biologics manufacturing facility in Shijiazhuang, China (the “Joint Venture”). The
     Joint Venture aims to combine the Group’s AI-driven Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) system and pharmaceutical
     manufacturing construction and operational capabilities with AstraZeneca’s expertise in global quality standards and
     supply chain management, with a commitment to delivering high-quality medicines to patients worldwide. The Group and
     AstraZeneca will contribute capital at an equity ratio of 51% and 49%, respectively, and will jointly manage the construction
     and day-to-day operations of the Joint Venture by leveraging their respective expertise. The joint establishment of the
     Joint Venture by both parties will help integrate the Group’s advantages in building highly automated, intelligent, and lean
     manufacturing facilities and current Good Manufacturing Practice (cGMP) operations with AstraZeneca’s global quality
     system and supply management experience, thereby creating high-quality manufacturing capabilities that meet the demands
     of the international market.




26   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



FINANCIAL REVIEW
FINANCIAL RESULTS
Revenue and Gross Profit Margin
Revenue for the first half of 2026 amounted to RMB18,594 million, an increase of 40.1% as compared with RMB13,273
million in the first half of 2025. The increase was mainly due to an increase in licence fee income and revenue from sale
of finished drug during the period. Gross profit margin for the period increased by 10.6 percentage points to 76.2% as
compared with the same period last year, mainly due to the increase in the proportion of revenue from the finished drug
business.


Other Income
Other income for the first half of 2026 amounted to RMB309 million (first half of 2025: RMB419 million), mainly consisting of
interest income on bank deposits and balances of RMB92 million (first half of 2025: RMB100 million) and government grant
income of RMB88 million (first half of 2025: RMB143 million).


Other Gains or Losses, Net
A net loss of RMB80 million was reported in the first half of 2026 (first half of 2025: net gain of RMB185 million), mainly
consisting of fair value gain on financial assets measured at FVTPL of RMB34 million (first half of 2025: gain of RMB165
million), net foreign exchange loss of RMB137 million (first half of 2025: net gain of RMB17 million) and fair value gain on
structured bank deposits of RMB18 million (first half of 2025: gain of RMB17 million).


Operating Expenses
Selling and distribution expenses for the first half of 2026 amounted to RMB3,291 million, an increase of 7.9% as compared
with RMB3,049 million in the first half of 2025, primarily due to an increase in employee share-based compensation
expenses and active promotion of newly launched products during the period.


Administrative expenses for the first half of 2026 amounted to RMB488 million, an increase of 21.4% as compared
with RMB402 million in the first half of 2025, and the increase was mainly due to an increase in employee share-based
compensation expenses.


R&D expenses for the first half of 2026 amounted to RMB3,029 million, an increase of 12.9% as compared with RMB2,683
million in the first half of 2025, which was primarily attributable to the steady increase in spending on ongoing and newly
initiated clinical trials.


Income Tax Expense
Income tax expense for the first half of 2026 amounted to RMB1,069 million (first half of 2025: RMB544 million), which
represented provision of income tax expense based on the taxable profit of the subsidiaries and PRC withholding tax on
dividend distributions by the subsidiaries.




                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2026     27
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     NON-HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS MEASURE
     For the purpose of assessing the performance of the Group, the Company has also presented the underlying profit
     attributable to shareholders of the Company as an additional financial measure, which is not required by or presented
     in accordance with the HKFRS Accounting Standards. The Group believes that this non-HKFRS Accounting Standards
     measure better reflects the underlying operational performance by eliminating certain non-operating items that are not
     considered indicative of its operational performance. However, the presentation of this non-HKFRS Accounting Standards
     measure is not intended to be a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance
     with HKFRS Accounting Standards.


     Additional information is provided below to reconcile the reported and underlying profit attributable to shareholders of the
     Company:


                                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                     2026                2025
                                                                                                              (RMB’000)            (RMB’000)
     Reported profit attributable to shareholders of the Company                                               6,094,212           2,547,851
     Adjustments for:
     — Fair value gain on financial assets measured at FVTPL (note a)                                             (34,418)           (164,591)
     — Recognition of/(reversal of) employee share-based compensation
       expenses (note b)                                                                                         115,323              (72,010)
     — Effect of corresponding income tax                                                                         (10,838)              8,271
     Underlying profit attributable to shareholders of the Company                                             6,164,279           2,319,521

     Notes:

     (a)      Fair value gain on financial assets measured at FVTPL arises from the measurement of the Group’s investments in certain
              partnerships, funds and listed equity securities at fair value.

     (b)      Of the total employee share-based compensation expenses recognised during the period, RMB28,471,000 (first half of 2025: reversal
              of an expense of RMB72,280,000) was in respect of share awards granted to selected employees of the Group by Key Honesty
              Limited, a shareholder of the Company.




28   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL POSITION
For the first half of 2026, the Group’s operating activities generated a cash inflow of RMB10,890 million (first half of 2025:
RMB3,187 million). Turnover days of trade receivables (ratio of balance of trade receivables to sales, inclusive of value added
tax for sales in China) was 52 days, lower than 65 days in 2025, which was mainly due to the increased proportion of licence
fee income during the period. The Group will continue to strengthen its control and management of accounts receivable.
Turnover days of inventories (ratio of balance of inventories to cost of sales) was 121 days, lower than 126 days in 2025.
Current ratio was 2.1 as at 30 June 2026, which remains stable as compared with 2.2 as at the end of 2025. Capital
expenditure for the period amounted to RMB628 million, which was mainly spent to construct production facilities and
improve production efficiency.


The Group’s financial position remained solid. As at 30 June 2026, the Group had bank deposits, balances and cash of
RMB14,177 million (31 December 2025: RMB9,481 million), structured bank deposits of RMB8,486 million (31 December
2025: RMB2,776 million) and bank borrowings of RMB403 million (31 December 2025: RMB329 million). As at 30 June
2026, gearing ratio (ratio of bank borrowings to total equity) was 1.0% (31 December 2025: 1.0%). The Group’s sales
revenues are denominated in Renminbi for domestic sales in China and US dollars for export sales. The Group manages its
foreign exchange risks by closely monitoring its foreign exchange exposures and mitigating the impact of foreign currency
fluctuations by using appropriate hedging arrangements when considered necessary.


PLEDGE OF ASSETS
As at 30 June 2026, bank deposits of approximately RMB1 million (31 December 2025: nil) have been pledged to secure
short-term banking facilities.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
The Group did not have any material contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2026.


EMPLOYEES
The Group employed a total of 18,626 employees as at 30 June 2026, with a majority of them employed in the Chinese
Mainland. The Group continues to offer competitive remuneration packages, discretionary share options, share awards and
bonuses to eligible staff, based on the performance of the Group and the employee.




                                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2026     29
     Report on Review of Condensed Consolidated Financial
     Statements




     TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF
     CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
     石藥集團有限公司
     (Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


     INTRODUCTION
     We have reviewed the condensed consolidated financial statements of CSPC Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”)
     and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 31 to 63, which comprise the condensed
     consolidated statement of financial position as of 30 June 2026 and the related condensed consolidated income statement,
     condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income, condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity
     and condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the six-month period then ended, and notes to the condensed
     consolidated financial statements. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
     Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions
     thereof and HKAS 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“HKAS 34”) as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants (the “HKICPA”). The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of these
     condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with HKAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion
     on these condensed consolidated financial statements based on our review, and to report our conclusion solely to you, as
     a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
     towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


     SCOPE OF REVIEW
     We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim
     Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” as issued by the HKICPA. A review of these
     condensed consolidated financial statements consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and
     accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit
     conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance
     that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an
     audit opinion.


     CONCLUSION
     Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the condensed consolidated financial
     statements are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with HKAS 34.




     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong
     20 August 2026




30   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Condensed Consolidated Income Statement
For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                  2026             2025
                                                    Notes     RMB’000          RMB’000

Revenue                                              3       18,594,494      13,273,416
Cost of sales                                                (4,433,878)     (4,563,224)

Gross profit                                                 14,160,616       8,710,192
Other income                                                   309,457          419,259
Other gains or losses, net                                      (79,658)        185,035
Selling and distribution expenses                            (3,290,854)     (3,049,160)
Administrative expenses                                        (487,728)       (401,715)
Research and development expenses                            (3,029,461)     (2,682,631)
Other expenses                                                  (36,007)        (28,892)
Share of results of associates                                  (10,630)        (14,709)
Share of results of joint ventures                                6,706           1,940
Finance costs                                                   (13,318)        (21,652)

Profit before tax                                    4        7,529,123       3,117,667
Income tax expense                                   5       (1,068,947)       (543,617)

Profit for the period                                         6,460,176       2,574,050

Profit for the period attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                       6,094,212       2,547,851
  Non-controlling interests                                    365,964           26,199

                                                              6,460,176       2,574,050

                                                            RMB cents        RMB cents
Earnings per share                                   6
  — Basic                                                         53.45           22.29
  — Diluted                                                       53.36           22.29




                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2026   31
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                2026           2025
                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000

     Profit for the period                                                  6,460,176      2,574,050

     Other comprehensive (expense) income:
     Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
     Fair value loss on financial assets measured at
       fair value through other comprehensive income, net of income tax       (14,130)      (120,631)
     Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
     Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                10,233           7,357

     Other comprehensive expense for the period, net of income tax             (3,897)      (113,274)

     Total comprehensive income for the period                              6,456,279      2,460,776

     Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to:
       Owners of the Company                                                6,090,315      2,434,577
       Non-controlling interests                                             365,964          26,199

                                                                            6,456,279      2,460,776




32   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



                                                      30 June 2026   31 December 2025
                                              Notes      RMB’000               RMB’000

Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                  8        12,338,247           12,153,162
Right-of-use assets                            9         1,300,068            1,336,253
Investment properties                                       69,467               71,565
Goodwill                                                   236,048              234,904
Intangible assets                              10        2,985,272            2,774,871
Interests in associates                                    575,004              754,737
Interests in joint ventures                                603,283              710,849
Other financial assets                         11        2,138,606            2,251,276
Deferred tax assets                                        178,377              211,505
Deposits, prepayments and other receivables    13          566,511              556,488
Bank deposits                                  16        4,175,625            3,391,691

                                                        25,166,508           24,447,301

Current assets
Inventories                                              2,962,172            3,090,736
Trade receivables                              12        5,389,371            4,778,867
Deposits, prepayments and other receivables    13        1,577,107            1,507,394
Bills receivables                              14        1,985,069            3,580,982
Amounts due from related companies             24          334,806              343,686
Amounts due from joint ventures                24           52,264               83,468
Other financial assets                         11           59,065                    –
Derivative financial assets                                  7,990                    –
Structured bank deposits                       15        8,485,866            2,775,915
Bank deposits, balances and cash               16       10,001,506            6,089,565

                                                        30,855,216           22,250,613




                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2026   33
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     As at 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



                                                                   30 June 2026   31 December 2025
                                                          Notes       RMB’000             RMB’000

     Current liabilities
     Trade payables                                           17      2,348,756          2,322,004
     Other payables                                           18      9,916,566          5,334,111
     Contract liabilities                                     21        640,568            662,247
     Bills payables                                           19        355,965            653,624
     Amounts due to related companies                         24        210,211            305,545
     Amounts due to joint ventures                            24        151,811            210,788
     Lease liabilities                                                  134,624            131,693
     Tax liabilities                                                    536,889            229,131
     Bank borrowings                                          20        128,875            328,723

                                                                     14,424,265         10,177,866

     Net current assets                                              16,430,951         12,072,747

     Total assets less current liabilities                           41,597,459         36,520,048

     Non-current liabilities
     Other payables                                           18        540,643            563,241
     Contract liabilities                                     21        851,136            851,136
     Lease liabilities                                                  114,586            180,693
     Deferred tax liabilities                                           385,409            374,861
     Bank borrowings                                          20        274,406                  –

                                                                      2,166,180          1,969,931

     Net assets                                                      39,431,279         34,550,117

     Capital and reserves
     Share capital                                            22     11,061,429         11,061,429
     Reserves                                                        26,562,677         22,116,738

     Equity attributable to owners of the Company                    37,624,106         33,178,167
     Non-controlling interests                                        1,807,173          1,371,950

     Total equity                                                    39,431,279         34,550,117




34   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



                                                                                                 Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                          Equity attributable to non-controlling interests

                                                                                                                                                                                                        Employee
                                                                                    Employee                                                                                                         share-based
                                                                    Treasury      share-based                                           Capital                                                     compensation            Share of
                                                         Share         share     compensation        Other         Statutory       contribution      Translation    Accumulated                         reserve of     net assets of
                                                        capital      reserve         reserves     reserves         reserves            reserve          reserve          profits      Sub-total       a subsidiary      subsidiaries          Sub-total          Total
                                                       RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                    (note i)          (note i )         (note i i)

At 1 January 2025                                     11,032,752    (612,041)           7,969    (4,377,302)       2,305,483            588,845          (25,091)     23,344,080     32,264,695             6,805          1,594,790          1,601,595       33,866,290
Profit for the period                                          –           –                –             –                –                  –                –       2,547,851      2,547,851                 –             26,199             26,199        2,574,050
Other comprehensive (expense) income
  for the period, net of income tax                            –            –               –     (120,631)                  –                  –         7,357                 –      (113,274)                –                   –                     –     (113,274)

Total comprehensive (expense) income for the period            –            –               –     (120,631)                  –                  –         7,357         2,547,851     2,434,577                 –             26,199             26,199        2,460,776
Dividend recognised as distribution (note 7)                   –            –               –            –                   –                  –             –        (1,041,345)   (1,041,345)                –                   –                  –      (1,041,345)
Dividends paid to non-control ing interests                    –            –               –            –                   –                  –             –                 –             –                 –              (7,174)            (7,174)          (7,174)
Recognition of employee share-based
  compensation expense                                         –            –             270             –                  –           (72,280)              –                –        (72,010)               –                   –                  –          (72,010)
Cancel ation of shares repurchased                             –            –               –             –                  –                 –               –        (277,634)      (277,634)                –                   –                  –        (277,634)
Acquisition of additional interests in a subsidiary            –            –               –             –                  –                 –               –          (61,381)       (61,381)               –              (6,373)            (6,373)         (67,754)
Exercise of share options                                  3,417            –            (690)            –                  –                 –               –                –          2,727                –                   –                  –            2,727

At 30 June 2025                                       11,036,169    (612,041)           7,549    (4,497,933)       2,305,483            516,565          (17,734)     24,511,571     33,249,629             6,805          1,607,442          1,614,247       34,863,876

At 1 January 2026                                     11,061,429    (752,853)          13,517    (4,527,384)       2,395,351            511,553           1,247       24,475,307     33,178,167             6,805          1,365,145          1,371,950       34,550,117
Profit for the period                                          –           –                –             –                –                  –               –        6,094,212      6,094,212                 –            365,964            365,964        6,460,176
Other comprehensive (expense) income
  for the period, net of income tax                            –            –               –       (14,130)                 –                  –        10,233                 –        (3,897)                –                   –                     –       (3,897)

Total comprehensive (expense) income for the period            –           –                –       (14,130)                 –                  –        10,233        6,094,212      6,090,315                 –            365,964            365,964        6,456,279
Purchase of shares under share award scheme                    –    (279,699)               –             –                  –                  –             –                –       (279,699)                –                  –                  –         (279,699)
Dividend recognised as distribution (note 7)                   –           –                –             –                  –                  –             –       (1,480,000)    (1,480,000)                –                  –                  –       (1,480,000)
Recognition of employee share-based
  compensation expense                                         –            –          86,852             –                  –            28,471               –                –      115,323                  –                  –                  –         115,323
Acquisition of subsidiaries                                    –            –               –             –                  –                 –               –                –            –                  –             69,259             69,259          69,259

At 30 June 2026                                       11,061,429   (1,032,552)        100,369    (4,541,514)       2,395,351            540,024          11,480       29,089,519     37,624,106             6,805          1,800,368          1,807,173       39,431,279

Notes:

(i)           The balance in other reserves mainly included (1) an amount of RMB4,030,633,000 which represents the difference between the fair
              value of the deemed consideration under the reverse acquisition of RMB2,631,198,000 and the fair value of the consideration paid
              by the Company of RMB6,661,831,000 in the reverse acquisition on 29 October 2012; (2) and the accumulated changes in fair value
              of financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”); and (3) repurchase of shares of CSPC
              Innovation Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., a non-wholly owned listed subsidiary of the Company, for staff share incentive purpose.

(ii)          The statutory reserves were appropriated from the profit after tax of the Company’s subsidiaries in the People’s Republic of China (the
              “PRC”) under the laws and regulations of the PRC.

(iii)         The balance in capital contribution reserve mainly included the deemed contribution by CSPC Holdings Company Limited (“CHL”),
              which comprise (1) the difference between the carrying amount of the net assets of entities comprising Robust Sun Holdings Limited
              (“Robust Sun”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Robust Sun Group”) and the consideration paid to CHL and its
              subsidiaries during group reorganisation under Robust Sun Group in 2012; (2) the imputed interest arising on a non-interest bearing
              loan from CHL in 2012; (3) deemed capital contribution arising from the acquisition of CSPC Shengxue Glucose Co. Ltd. from CHL in
              2016; and (4) deemed capital contribution arising from the grant of share awards to employees of the Group in 2022 by a shareholder.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2026                               35
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                       2026           2025
                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000

     Net cash from operating activities                           10,889,512      3,187,376

     Net cash used in investing activities:
       Purchase of property, plant and equipment                    (765,346)    (1,203,202)
       Addition of right-of-use assets                               (38,998)               –
       Purchase of intangible assets                                (289,924)      (223,810)
       Purchase of other financial assets                            (64,027)      (100,836)
       Capital injection to an associate                             (60,000)               –
       Capital injection to a joint venture                                –        (29,000)
       Receipt of government grants                                  36,437        114,250
       Refund of deposits paid for right-of-use assets                     –         18,500
       Placement of structured bank deposits                      (6,245,800)      (775,000)
       Placement of bank deposits                                   (909,111)      (690,000)
       Placement of restricted and pledged deposits                 (115,582)       (18,132)
       Withdrawal of structured bank deposits                       554,038        157,038
       Withdrawal of bank deposits                                  731,507        400,000
       Withdrawal of restricted and pledged bank deposits              9,054         50,135
       Interest received                                            101,259        100,235
       Dividend received from a joint venture                        20,000          20,000
       Acquisition of subsidiaries                                   40,467                 –
       Proceeds from disposal of an associate                       230,000                 –
       Proceeds from distribution of other financial assets         138,765          58,089
       Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment       52,272           5,303

                                                                  (6,574,989)    (2,116,430)




36   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                             2026             2025
                                                                Note     RMB’000          RMB’000

Net cash from (used in) financing activities:
  Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                    –           (7,174)
  Interest on lease liabilities                                             (4,628)          (4,216)
  Interest on bank borrowings                                               (1,097)           (631)
  Repayment of lease liabilities                                           (66,173)        (73,278)
  Repayment of bank borrowings                                             (21,000)               –
  New bank borrowings raised                                              274,406           21,000
  Advances drawn on bill receivables discounted with recourse             202,371          182,734
  Repurchase of ordinary shares                                                  –        (277,634)
  Acquisition of additional interests in a subsidiary                            –         (67,754)
  Purchase of shares under share award scheme                             (279,699)               –
  Proceeds from issue of shares upon exercise of options                         –           2,727

                                                                          104,180         (224,226)

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                4,418,703         846,720
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                   5,254,498       5,917,376
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                     (6,960)           (985)

Cash and cash equivalents at 30 June,
  represented by bank balances and cash                         16       9,666,241       6,763,111




                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2026    37
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



     1.   BASIS OF PREPARATION
          CSPC Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”) is a public limited company incorporated in Hong Kong and its
          shares are listed on the The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).


          The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKAS 34 issued by
          the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”) as well as with the applicable disclosure
          requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange.


          The financial information relating to the year ended 31 December 2025 that is included in these condensed
          consolidated financial statements as comparative information does not constitute the Company’s statutory annual
          consolidated financial statements for that year but is derived from those financial statements. Further information
          relating to these statutory financial statements is as follows:


          The Company has delivered the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 to the Registrar of
          Companies as required by section 662(3) of, and Part 3 of Schedule 6 to, the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


          The Company’s auditor has reported on those financial statements. The auditor’s report was unqualified; did not
          include a reference to any matters to which the auditor drew attention by way of emphasis without qualifying its report;
          and did not contain a statement under sections 406(2), 407(2) or (3) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


     2.   ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for certain
          financial instruments, which are measured at fair values, as appropriate.


          The accounting policies and methods of computation used in the condensed consolidated financial statements for the
          six months ended 30 June 2026 are the same as those presented in the Group’s annual financial statements for the
          year ended 31 December 2025.


          APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
          In the current interim period, the Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards issued
          by the HKICPA, for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January
          2026 for the preparation of the Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements:


          Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7             Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial
                                                           Instruments
          Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7             Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity
          Amendments to HKFRS                           Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards — Volume 11
            Accounting Standards

          The application of the amendments to a HKFRS Accounting Standard in the current interim period has had no material
          impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior periods and/or on the disclosures
          set out in these condensed consolidated financial statements.




38   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



3.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

                                                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                       2026               2025
                                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000

     Sale of goods                                                                              12,699,525         12,198,749
     Licence fee income                                                                           5,894,969          1,074,667

     Total revenue                                                                              18,594,494         13,273,416

     Information reported to executive directors, being the chief operating decision maker, for the purpose of resources
     allocation and assessment of segment performance focuses on types of goods delivered.

     The reportable segments of the Group are as follows:

     (a)   Finished drugs — research and development, manufacture and sale of pharmaceutical products and licence fee
           income;

     (b)   Bulk products — manufacture and sale of vitamin C and antibiotic products in bulk powder form; and

     (c)   Functional food and others — manufacture and sale of functional food products (including caffeine food additives,
           anhydrous glucose, acarbose and vitamin C buccal tablets), provision of healthcare services and others.


     SALE OF GOODS
     Revenue is recognised at a point in time when control of the goods has been transferred, being when the goods have
     been delivered to the customer’s specific location. Following the delivery, the customer bears the risks of obsolescence
     and loss in relation to the goods.


     LICENCE FEE INCOME
     (i)   Revenue recognised at a point in time
           The Group provides licence of its patented intellectual property or commercialisation rights to customers. Licence
           fee income is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the intellectual property. The
           consideration received comprises a fixed element (the upfront payment) and variable elements (including but not
           limited to milestone payments and sales-based royalties).


           For licence associated with customers’ right to use, upfront payment received is initially recorded as contract
           liabilities and recognised as revenue only when customers have ability to use the licence and variable
           consideration is recognised only to the extent that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a
           significant revenue reversal in the future.


           In January 2026, the Group entered into a strategic collaboration and licence agreement with a customer,
           pursuant to which the Group granted an exclusive licence and agreed to perform certain research and
           development activities. The Group received US$1,200,000,000 (equivalent to RMB8,200,104,000) from the
           customer on 29 May 2026.




                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2026     39
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



     3.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
          LICENCE FEE INCOME (continued)
          (i)     Revenue recognised at a point in time (continued)
                  During the six months ended 30 June 2026, revenue of US$840,000,000 (equivalent to RMB5,740,073,000)
                  was recognised at a point in time when control of the licence is transferred to the customer and the customer is
                  able to use and benefit from the licence. As at 30 June 2026, the remaining upfront payment of US$360,000,000
                  (equivalent to RMB2,460,031,000) is refundable subject to certain contractual conditions and included in the
                  other payables under current liabilities.


          (ii)    Revenue recognised over time
                  The Group enters into collaboration agreements to grant licences to customers and perform research and
                  development activities. Revenue is recognised over time on a systematic basis that reflects the customer’s
                  receipt and consumption of the benefits, by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of the
                  relevant performance obligation.


          SEGMENT REVENUES AND RESULTS
          The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by operating and reportable segments.

          For the six months ended 30 June 2026

                                                                                        Functional
                                                                  Bulk products
                                                   Finished                              food and     Segment
                                                     drugs    Vitamin C   Antibiotics      others         total Eliminations Consolidated
                                                  RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000

          Segment revenue
          Sale of goods                          10,165,743   1,010,152      650,233      873,397    12,699,525            –    12,699,525
          Inter-segment sales                             –       2,754       82,334       57,572      142,660      (142,660)            –
          Licence fee income                      5,894,969           –            –            –     5,894,969            –     5,894,969

          Total revenue                          16,060,712   1,012,906      732,567      930,969    18,737,154     (142,660)   18,594,494

          Segment profit                          7,277,552      40,849       61,533       99,439                                7,479,373

          Unallocated income                                                                                                      138,773
          Unallocated expenses                                                                                                     (71,781)
          Share of results of associates                                                                                           (10,630)
          Share of results of joint ventures                                                                                        6,706
          Finance costs                                                                                                            (13,318)

          Profit before tax                                                                                                      7,529,123




40   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



3.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     SEGMENT REVENUES AND RESULTS (continued)
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025

                                                                                    Functional
                                                           Bulk products
                                            Finished                                 food and      Segment
                                               drugs   Vitamin C     Antibiotics       others          total   Eliminations   Consolidated
                                           RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000

     Segment revenue
     Sale of goods                         9,172,985   1,196,107       878,601       951,056     12,198,749              –     12,198,749
     Inter-segment sales                           –      2,106            68,063      12,873       83,042         (83,042)              –
     Licence fee income                    1,074,667          –                 –           –     1,074,667              –      1,074,667

     Total revenue                        10,247,652   1,198,213       946,664       963,929     13,356,458        (83,042)    13,273,416

     Segment profit                        2,392,744    180,983        145,224       209,421                                    2,928,372

     Unallocated income                                                                                                           276,533
     Unallocated expenses                                                                                                          (52,817)
     Share of results of associates                                                                                                (14,709)
     Share of results of joint ventures                                                                                             1,940
     Finance costs                                                                                                                 (21,652)

     Profit before tax                                                                                                          3,117,667


     Segment profit represents the profit earned by each segment without allocation of interest income, fair value changes
     on structured bank deposits, fair value changes on financial assets measured at FVTPL, central administrative
     expenses, share of results of associates and joint ventures and finance costs. This is the measure reported to the
     executive directors for the purposes of resources allocation and performance assessment.


     Inter-segment sales are charged at prevailing market rates.


     The executive directors make decisions according to operating results of each segment. No analysis of segment asset
     and segment liability is presented as the executive directors do not regularly review such information for the purposes
     of resources allocation and performance assessment. Therefore, only segment revenue and segment results are
     presented.




                                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2026           41
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



     3.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
          GEOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION
          Revenue from the external customers by geographical market (irrespective of the origin of the goods or licence) based
          on the location of the customers are presented below:


                                                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                      2026              2025
                                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000

          Chinese mainland                                                                       10,904,595        10,553,392
          Other Asian regions                                                                       644,233           662,101
          Europe                                                                                  6,224,852         1,215,560
          North America                                                                             537,481           499,403
          Others                                                                                    283,333           342,960

                                                                                                 18,594,494        13,273,416


     4.   PROFIT BEFORE TAX

                                                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                      2026              2025
                                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000

          Profit before tax has been arrived at after charging/(crediting):


          Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                             502,822           520,144
          Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                        78,365            91,761
          Depreciation of investment properties                                                       2,098             1,653
          Amortisation of intangible assets                                                          79,392            77,937

          Total depreciation and amortisation                                                       662,677           691,495

          Recognition of (reversal of) employee share-based compensation expenses                   115,323             (72,010)
          Government grant income (included in other income)                                        (87,857)          (142,906)
          Fair value gain on financial assets measured at FVTPL
             (included in other gains or losses)                                                     (34,418)         (164,591)
          Fair value gain on structured bank deposits (included in other gains or losses)            (18,189)           (16,969)
          Fair value gain on derivative financial instruments
             (included in other gains or losses)                                                      (7,990)                 –
          Impairment losses recognised under expected credit loss model
             (included in other gains or losses)                                                       6,192             7,713
          Interest income on bank deposits and balances (included in other income)                   (91,678)          (94,749)
          Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment
             (included in other gains or losses)                                                      6,794                666
          Net foreign exchange loss/(gain) (included in other gains or losses)                      137,420            (17,342)


          For the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025, cost of inventories recognised as an expense approximated cost of
          sales as shown in the condensed consolidated income statement.




42   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



5.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                2026            2025
                                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000

     Current taxation
       — PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                                       848,094             397,684
       — PRC withholding tax on dividends distributed by subsidiaries                                    152,382              69,515
       — Overseas taxation                                                                                 24,755              6,232

                                                                                                       1,025,231             473,431
     Deferred taxation                                                                                     43,716             70,186

                                                                                                       1,068,947             543,617


     No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made as the Group did not have assessable profits for both periods.


     The standard tax rate of the Company’s PRC subsidiaries is 25% under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax
     (the “EIT Law”) and implementation regulations of the EIT Law. Certain subsidiaries of the Company are qualified as
     High and New Technology Enterprises, and they are subject to a preferential tax rate of 15%.


     Under the EIT Law, dividends distributed by a company established in the PRC to foreign investor with respect to
     profits earned from 1 January 2008 onwards are subject to a withholding tax of 10%. The tax rate was reduced to
     5% as the Company and certain subsidiaries acting as foreign investors, met the required conditions specified in the
     relevant tax regulations.


     Taxation arising in other jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing in relevant jurisdictions.


     The Group is operating in certain jurisdictions where the Pillar Two Rules are effective. As the Group’s estimated
     effective tax rates of such in-effect jurisdiction in which the Group operates is higher than 15%, after taking into
     account the adjustments under the Global Anti-base Erosion Rules based on management’s best estimate, the
     management of the Group considered the Group is not liable to top-up tax under the Pillar Two Rules.




                                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2026   43
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



     6.   EARNINGS PER SHARE
          The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share is as follows:


                                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                         2026              2025

          Profit attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)                                    6,094,212         2,547,851

          Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
            basic earnings per share (in ’000)                                                    11,401,166         11,432,814
          Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
            Share options and share awards (in ’000)                                                   18,737                113

          Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
            diluted earnings per share (in ’000)                                                  11,419,903         11,432,927


          The weighted average number of ordinary shares for the calculation of basic earnings per share for both periods have
          been adjusted for the shares held by the trustee pursuant to the share award scheme of the Company.


     7.   DIVIDENDS
          (a)   INTERIM DIVIDEND
                The Board of Directors has declared the payment of an interim dividend of HK18 cents per share for 2026
                (2025: HK14 cents (approximately RMB12.8 cents) per share amounting to approximately RMB1,470,541,000)
                subsequent to the end of the reporting period, which has not been recognised as a liability at the end of the
                reporting period.


          (b)   FINAL DIVIDEND APPROVED DURING THE CURRENT INTERIM PERIOD


                                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                         2026              2025
                                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000

                Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year, approved
                  during the following interim period, of HK15 cents
                  (approximately to RMB13.0 cents) (2025: HK10 cents
                  (approximately to RMB9.1 cents)) per share                                        1,501,260         1,050,465
                Less: Dividend for shares held by share award scheme                                  (21,260)            (9,120)

                                                                                                    1,480,000         1,041,345


                A final dividend of HK15 cents per share in respect of the year ended 31 December 2025 (six months ended
                30 June 2025: HK10 cents per share in respect of the year ended 31 December 2024) was declared during the
                current interim period. The dividend was recognised as a liability at the end of the reporting period and paid to
                the owners of the Company subsequent to the end of the reporting period.




44   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



8.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                 2026             2025
                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

     Cost
       At beginning of the period                           19,422,377      17,742,574
       Additions                                              628,257          925,320
       Acquisition of subsidiaries                            121,792                 –
       Disposals                                               (99,110)        (97,981)
       Dissolution of a subsidiary                              (4,422)               –
       Exchange adjustments                                     (2,201)          (1,706)

       At end of the period                                 20,066,693      18,568,207

     Accumulated depreciation
       At beginning of the period                           (7,269,215)     (6,368,132)
       Provided during the period                             (502,822)       (520,144)
       Eliminated on disposals                                 40,044           92,012
       Eliminated on dissolution of a subsidiary                 3,114                –
       Exchange adjustments                                       433             (224)

       At end of the period                                 (7,728,446)     (6,796,488)

     Net carrying amount
       At end of the period                                 12,338,247      11,771,719

       At beginning of the period                           12,153,162      11,374,442


9.   RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                 2026             2025
                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

     Net carrying amount at beginning of the period          1,336,253       1,128,458
     Additions                                                 43,750          206,006
     Depreciation provided during the period                   (78,365)        (91,761)
     Exchange adjustments                                       (1,570)           (279)

     Net carrying amount at end of the period                1,300,068       1,242,424




                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2026    45
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



     10. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                   2026                 2025
                                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000

          Cost
            At beginning of the period                                                                        3,625,303           3,305,776
            Additions                                                                                           289,924             123,810
            Exchange adjustments                                                                                    (987)                (135)

            At end of the period                                                                              3,914,240           3,429,451

          Accumulated amortisation and impairment loss
            At beginning of the period                                                                         (850,432)            (696,270)
            Provided during the period                                                                          (79,392)             (77,937)
            Exchange adjustments                                                                                     856                 108

            At end of the period                                                                               (928,968)            (774,099)

          Net carrying amount
            At end of the period                                                                              2,985,272           2,655,352

            At beginning of the period                                                                        2,774,871           2,609,506


     11. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS

                                                                                                       30 June 2026        31 December 2025
                                                                                                            RMB’000                RMB’000

          Unlisted investments in partnerships and funds                                                   1,455,549              1,566,220
          Listed equity securities                                                                           267,417                269,975
          Unlisted equity securities                                                                         415,640                415,081
          Investment in convertible bonds                                                                      59,065                       –

                                                                                                           2,197,671              2,251,276

          Financial assets measured at FVTPL                                                               1,639,975              1,680,295
          Financial assets measured at FVTOCI (note)                                                         557,696                570,981

                                                                                                           2,197,671              2,251,276

          Analysed as:
            Current                                                                                            59,065                       –
            Non-current                                                                                    2,138,606              2,251,276

                                                                                                           2,197,671              2,251,276

          Note: The above investments are mainly focused on the healthcare industry. The directors of the Company have elected to designate
                these investments to be measured at FVTOCI as they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations in these investments’ fair
                value in profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding these investments for long-term purposes
                and realising their performance potential in the long run.




46   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



11. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS (continued)
     The directors of the Company consider that the Group does not have any control nor significant influence to affect the
     variable returns through its investment in those enterprises or similar activities.


     During the current interim period, the Group received RMB138,765,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025:
     RMB58,089,000) upon distribution by the partnerships and funds, which was also the fair value as at the date of
     distribution.

12. TRADE RECEIVABLES

                                                                                        30 June 2026      31 December 2025
                                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000

     Trade receivables                                                                      5,444,033            4,827,337
     Less: allowance for expected credit loss                                                 (54,662)              (48,470)

                                                                                            5,389,371            4,778,867


     The Group allows a general credit period of 90 days to its trade customers. The following is an aged analysis of trade
     receivables (net of allowance for expected credit loss) at the end of the reporting period presented based on invoice
     dates which approximated the respective revenue recognition dates:


                                                                                        30 June 2026      31 December 2025
                                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000

     0 to 90 days                                                                           4,775,753            4,228,179
     91 to 180 days                                                                           582,548              484,326
     181 to 365 days                                                                           28,893               59,095
     More than 365 days                                                                         2,177                7,267

                                                                                            5,389,371            4,778,867


13. DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                        30 June 2026      31 December 2025
                                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000

     Prepayments for raw materials and research and development expenses                      247,540              211,899
     Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment
       and right-of-use assets                                                                566,511              556,488
     Other taxes recoverable                                                                  711,625              761,464
     Utility deposits                                                                         164,104              133,949
     Others                                                                                   453,838              400,082

                                                                                            2,143,618            2,063,882

     Analysed as:
       Current                                                                              1,577,107            1,507,394
       Non-current                                                                            566,511              556,488

                                                                                            2,143,618            2,063,882




                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2026    47
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



     14. BILLS RECEIVABLES
          The bills receivables of the Group are with a maturity period of less than 365 days (31 December 2025: less than 365
          days) and not yet due at the end of the reporting period. The management considers the default rate is low based on
          historical information, experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.


     15. STRUCTURED BANK DEPOSITS
          The structured bank deposits carry guaranteed return of up to 1.20% (31 December 2025: 2.55%) per annum and
          have a total expected return up to 2.10% (31 December 2025: 4.55%) per annum, depending on the market prices of
          the underlying commodities quoted in the market as specified in the terms of relevant deposits.

          The structured bank deposits are designated at FVTPL on initial recognition as they contain non-closely related
          embedded derivatives.


     16. BANK DEPOSITS, BALANCES AND CASH

                                                                                                30 June 2026      31 December 2025
                                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000

          Time deposits with maturities over 3 months                                               4,386,142             4,208,538
          Pledged and restricted bank deposits                                                        124,748                  18,220
          Bank balances and cash                                                                    9,666,241             5,254,498

                                                                                                   14,177,131             9,481,256

          Analysed as:
            Current                                                                                10,001,506             6,089,565
            Non-current                                                                             4,175,625             3,391,691

                                                                                                   14,177,131             9,481,256


          The bank deposits and balances carry interest at market rates ranging from 0.05% to 2.60% (31 December 2025:
          0.60% to 4.55%) per annum.


          The pledged and restricted bank deposits represent deposits required to be placed in banks for securing short-term
          bank facilities of the Group and are classified as current assets.




48   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



17. TRADE PAYABLES
     The following is an aged analysis of trade payables at the end of the reporting period presented based on the invoice
     dates:


                                                                                                30 June 2026      31 December 2025
                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000

     0 to 90 days                                                                                   1,886,606             1,988,116
     91 to 180 days                                                                                   247,776               154,663
     More than 180 days                                                                               214,374               179,225

                                                                                                    2,348,756             2,322,004


     The general credit period on purchases of goods is up to 90 days (31 December 2025: 90 days).


18. OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                30 June 2026      31 December 2025
                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000

     Other tax payable                                                                                463,815               340,226
     Payables arising from construction cost and acquisition
       of property, plant and equipment                                                               888,228             1,015,294
     Deferred government grants                                                                       774,688               797,190
     Dividend payable (note 7)                                                                      1,480,000                       –
     Salaries, wages and staff welfare payable                                                        347,587               520,627
     Selling expense payable                                                                        2,667,194             2,455,746
     Research and development expense payable                                                         759,548               296,742
     Refundable upfront payment received (Note)                                                     2,460,031                       –
     Others                                                                                           616,118               471,527

                                                                                                   10,457,209             5,897,352

     Analysed as:
       Current                                                                                      9,916,566             5,334,111
       Non-current                                                                                    540,643               563,241

                                                                                                   10,457,209             5,897,352

     Note: Refundable upfront payment received represents the upfront payment received from a customer under a strategic collaboration
           and licence agreement in relation to the grant of licence and the performance of research and development activities. The
           amount is refundable subject to certain contractual conditions. Based on the facts and circumstances existing as at 30 June
           2026, including the current status of the collaboration and the Group’s ongoing performance of the relevant research and
           development activities, management does not expect that the amount will be refunded.




                                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2026      49
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



     19. BILLS PAYABLES
          All bills payables of the Group are aged within 365 days (31 December 2025: within 365 days) and not yet due at the
          end of the reporting period.


     20. BANK BORROWINGS

                                                                                                            30 June 2026        31 December 2025
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                 RMB’000

          Discount of bills receivables (note a)                                                                   128,875                 307,723
          RMB bank loans (note b)                                                                                  274,406                  21,000

                                                                                                                   403,281                 328,723

          Notes:

          a.       The amount represents borrowings secured by the bill receivables discounted to banks with recourse and the amount is
                   repayable within one year and classified as current liability.

          b.       As at 30 June 2026, the bank loans carry variable interest rates based on the Loan Prime Rate (LPR) and the amounts are
                   repayable after one year and classified as non-current liabilities. As at 31 December 2025, the bank loan carried a fixed interest
                   rate of 1.95% per annum and was repaid during the six months ended 30 June 2026.


     21. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                                            30 June 2026        31 December 2025
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                 RMB’000

          Advances from customers                                                                                  212,064                 233,743
          Upfront fee received in advance                                                                        1,279,640               1,279,640

                                                                                                                 1,491,704               1,513,383

          Analysed as:
               Current                                                                                             640,568                 662,247
               Non-current                                                                                         851,136                 851,136

                                                                                                                 1,491,704               1,513,383


          Contract liabilities represent consideration received by the Group from customers in advance of the satisfaction of the
          relevant performance obligations, including advances received from customers for the delivery of products and upfront
          payments received for licences associated with customers’ right to use.




50   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



22. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                               Number of                 Share
                                                                                                   shares               capital
                                                                                                                      RMB’000

     Issued and fully paid
     At 1 January 2025                                                                    11,638,301,732           11,032,752
     Repurchased and cancelled during the period                                             (120,050,000)                    –
     Exercise of share options                                                                    500,000                3,417

     At 30 June 2025                                                                      11,518,751,732           11,036,169
     Exercise of share options                                                                  3,700,000               25,260

     At 31 December 2025 and 30 June 2026                                                 11,522,451,732           11,061,429


     In January 2025, the Company cancelled 55,750,000 of its own ordinary shares that had not been cancelled as at
     31 December 2024. During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Company further repurchased and cancelled
     an aggregate of 64,300,000 of its own ordinary shares through the Stock Exchange, for a total consideration (before
     expenses) of RMB277,634,000 (equivalent to HK$299,515,000).


23. LONG TERM INCENTIVE PROGRAM
     (i)   SHARE OPTION SCHEME
           2015 Share Option Scheme
           The share option scheme of the Company adopted on 9 December 2015 (the “2015 Share Option Scheme”)
           is for the purpose of providing the Company with a flexible means of giving incentive to eligible participants.
           Participants include any director, employee, business consultant, professional and other adviser of the Group.
           The 2015 Share Option Scheme expired on 8 December 2025.


           The maximum number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all share options to be granted under the
           2015 Share Option Scheme shall not in aggregate exceed 591,101,840 shares, being 10% of the shares of the
           Company in issue at adoption the date of the 2015 Share Option Scheme. The maximum entitlement for any one
           participant is that the total number of shares issued or to be issued upon exercise of the share options granted
           to each participant in any twelve-month period shall not exceed 1% of the total number of shares in issue.


           Share options granted have to be taken up within an acceptable period from the date of offer to such date as
           the Board may determine and specify in the letter of offer (both dates inclusive) upon payment of HK$1. The
           subscription price for option granted is determined by the Board and shall be at least the highest of (i) the closing
           price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheet on the offer date which must be a
           business day; (ii) the average closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets
           for the five business days immediately preceding the offer date; and (iii) the nominal value of a share. Share
           options granted are exercisable for a period to be notified by the Board to each grantee and such period shall
           expire not later than 10 years from the date of grant.




                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2026     51
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



     23. LONG TERM INCENTIVE PROGRAM (continued)
          (i)   SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)
                2015 Share Option Scheme (continued)
                During the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025, no share option was granted under the 2015 Share
                Option Scheme. As at 1 January 2025 and 30 June 2025, the number of share options available for being further
                granted was 541,101,840. The 2015 Share Option Scheme expired on 8 December 2025 and no more share
                options may be granted under the 2015 Share Option Scheme since then.


                2026 Share Option Scheme
                The share option scheme of the Company adopted on 28 May 2026 (the “2026 Share Option Scheme”) is for
                the purpose of providing the Company with a flexible means of rewarding, remunerating, compensating and/
                or providing benefits to eligible participants. Participants include directors (including executive, non-executive or
                independent non-executive directors), the chief executive, and employees of the Group. The 2026 Share Option
                Scheme is valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing on the adoption date and will expire on 27
                May 2036.


                The maximum number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all share options to be granted under the
                2026 Share Option Scheme shall not in aggregate exceed 1,152,245,173 shares, being 10% of the shares of the
                Company in issue at the adoption date of the 2026 Share Option Scheme. The maximum entitlement for any one
                participant is that the total number of shares issued or to be issued upon exercise of the share options granted
                to each participant in any twelve-month period shall not exceed 1% of the total number of shares in issue.


                Share options granted have to be taken up within an acceptable period from the date of offer to such date as
                the Board may determine and specify in the letter of offer (both dates inclusive) upon payment of HK$1. The
                subscription price for options granted is determined by the Board and shall be at least the higher of (i) the closing
                price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the offer date which must be a
                business day; and (ii) the average closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations
                sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the offer date. Share options granted are exercisable for
                a period to be notified by the Board to each grantee and such period shall expire not later than 10 years from the
                date of grant.


                During the six months ended 30 June 2026, no share option was granted under the 2026 Share Option Scheme.
                As at 30 June 2026, the number of share options available for being further granted under the 2026 Share
                Option Scheme was 1,152,245,173 (1 January 2026: Nil).




52   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



23. LONG TERM INCENTIVE PROGRAM (continued)
     (i)   SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)
           Six months ended 30 June 2026
           The following tables disclose the movements in the number of share options during the current and prior interim
           periods:


                                                                                                            Number of share options

                                                                                                      Granted       Exercised             Lapsed
                                                  Exercise                                  As at      during           during             during            As at
           Grantees               Date of grant   price      Exercise period       1 January 2026   the period      the period         the period     30 June 2026

           Employees              4 September 2023 HK$5.98   4 September 2023 to
             (former directors)                                3 September 2033        1,300,000             –               –                   –       1,300,000


           Six months ended 30 June 2025


                                                                                                             Number of share options

                                                                                                      Granted        Exercised             Lapsed
                                                  Exercise                                  As at       during          during              during           As at
           Grantees               Date of grant   price      Exercise period       1 January 2025    the period      the period         the period    30 June 2025

           Directors              4 September 2023 HK$5.98   4 September 2023 to
                                                               3 September 2033       22,000,000             –               –         (20,500,000)      1,500,000
           Employees              4 September 2023 HK$5.98   4 September 2023 to
             (former directors)                                3 September 2033        8,500,000             –        (500,000)         (4,500,000)      3,500,000

           Total                                                                      30,500,000             –        (500,000)        (25,000,000)      5,000,000

           Notes:

           (a)         50% of the share options granted on 4 September 2023 have been vested on 1 April 2024. The remaining 50% were
                       lapsed on 1 April 2025 as certain vesting conditions were not fulfilled.

           (b)         In respect of the share options exercised during the six months ended 30 June 2025, the weighted average closing price
                       of the Company’s share immediately before the date on which the options were exercised was HK$8.84.

           (c)         The share options outstanding as at 30 June 2026 has a weighted average remaining contractual life of 7.5 years (31
                       December 2025: 8 years).


           No share-based compensation expense was recognised by the Group during the six months ended 30 June
           2026 (six months ended 30 June 2025: nil) in relation to share options granted by the Company.




                                                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2026               53
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



     23. LONG TERM INCENTIVE PROGRAM (continued)
          (ii)   SHARE AWARD SCHEME
                 2018 Share Award Scheme
                 The share award scheme of the Company adopted on 20 August 2018 (the “2018 Share Award Scheme”) is
                 for the purpose of providing the selected participants with an opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest in
                 the Company; encouraging and retaining such individuals to work with the Company; and providing additional
                 incentives to them to achieve performance goals, with a view to achieving the objectives of increasing the value
                 of the Company and aligning the interests of the selected participants directly to the shareholders through
                 ownership of shares of the Company. Participants include any director, employee, officer, agent or consultant of
                 the Group. The 2018 Share Award Scheme will expire on 19 August 2028.


                 The terms of the 2018 Share Award Scheme were amended on 21 May 2024 to the effect that the Board may
                 only instruct the trustee to purchase existing shares of the Company on market to satisfy share awards granted
                 under the 2018 Share Award Scheme, such that the 2018 Share Award Scheme has become a share scheme
                 that is funded only by the existing shares of the Company.


                 The maximum number of shares which may be purchased from the market or issued under the 2018 Share
                 Award Scheme shall not in aggregate exceed 124,860,368 shares, being 2% of the shares of the Company in
                 issue as at the adoption date of the 2018 Share Award Scheme. The maximum number of shares which may be
                 awarded to a selected participant at any one time or in aggregate under the 2018 Share Award Scheme must
                 not exceed 31,215,092 shares, being 0.5% of the shares of the Company in issue as at the adoption date of the
                 2018 Share Award Scheme.


                 The awarded shares held by the trustee of the 2018 Share Award Scheme shall be vested in the selected
                 participants in accordance with the vesting conditions or vesting schedules as set out in the grant notice.
                 Awarded shares which do not vest will be forfeited and may be re-granted to other participants selected by the
                 Board.


                 As at 30 June 2026, the number of share awards available for being further granted under the 2018 Share Award
                 Scheme was 60,207,868 (1 January 2026: 108,038,368). There were 117,000,000 shares of the Company held
                 by the trustee of the 2018 Share Award Scheme (31 December 2025: 117,000,000).




54   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



23. LONG TERM INCENTIVE PROGRAM (continued)
     (ii)   SHARE AWARD SCHEME (continued)
            2026 Share Award Scheme
            The share award scheme of the Company adopted on 25 March 2026 (the “2026 Share Award Scheme”) is
            for the purpose of providing the selected participants with an opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest in
            the Company; encouraging and retaining such individuals to work with the Company; and providing additional
            incentives to them to achieve performance goals, with a view to achieving the objectives of increasing the value
            of the Company and aligning the interests of the selected participants directly to the shareholders through
            ownership of shares of the Company. Participants include any director (including executive and non-executive
            director), employee or officer of the Group. The 2026 Share Award Scheme will expire on 24 March 2036.


            The 2026 Share Award Scheme does not involve granting awards that are to be satisfied by the issue of new
            shares. The Board may only instruct the trustee to purchase existing shares of the Company on the market to
            satisfy share awards granted under the 2026 Share Award Scheme, such that it is a share scheme funded only
            by the existing shares of the Company.


            The maximum number of shares which may be purchased from the market under the 2026 Share Award
            Scheme shall not in aggregate exceed 345,673,551 shares, being 3% of the shares of the Company in issue as
            at the adoption date of the 2026 Share Award Scheme. The maximum number of shares which may be awarded
            to a selected participant at any one time or in aggregate under the 2026 Share Award Scheme must not exceed
            57,612,258 shares, being 0.5% of the shares of the Company in issue as at the adoption date of the 2026 Share
            Award Scheme.


            The awarded shares held by the trustee of the 2026 Share Award Scheme shall be vested in the selected
            participants in accordance with the vesting conditions or vesting schedules as set out in the grant notice.
            Awarded shares which do not vest will be forfeited and may be re-granted to other participants selected by the
            Board.


            During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the trustee of the 2026 Share Award Scheme purchased a total
            of 46,178,000 shares of the Company on the Stock Exchange to be held on trust for a total consideration of
            approximately HK$321,086,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB279,699,000), pursuant to the terms and
            conditions of the 2026 Share Award Scheme.


            As at 30 June 2026, the number of share awards available for being further granted under the 2026 Share Award
            Scheme was 345,673,551 (1 January 2026: Nil). There were 46,178,000 shares of the Company held by the
            trustee of the 2026 Share Award Scheme (31 December 2025: Nil).




                                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2026     55
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



     23. LONG TERM INCENTIVE PROGRAM (continued)
          (ii)   SHARE AWARD SCHEME (continued)
                 The following tables disclose the movements in the number of awarded shares during the current and prior
                 interim periods:


                 Six months ended 30 June 2026


                                                                                                            Number of awarded shares

                                                                                                                                   Cancelled/
                                                                                                       Granted         Vested             lapsed
                                                                                             As at      during          during            during            As at
                 Grantees     Date of grant       Vesting period                    1 January 2026   the period     the period         the period    30 June 2026

                 Employees    22 April 2024       22 April 2024 to 21 April 2027          300,000             –              –                  –         300,000
                              19 September 2025   19 September 2025 to
                                                    30 January 2029                     9,000,000             –              –         (9,000,000)              –
                              23 January 2026     23 January 2026 to
                                                    23 January 2029                             –    46,462,500              –           (444,000)     46,018,500
                              2 April 2026        2 April 2026 to 23 January 2029               –     9,462,000              –                  –       9,462,000
                              8 June 2026         8 June 2026 to 23 January 2028                –     1,350,000              –                  –       1,350,000

                 Total                                                                  9,300,000    57,274,500              –         (9,444,000)     57,130,500


                 Six months ended 30 June 2025


                                                                                                                                       Cancelled/
                                                                                                        Granted         Vested             lapsed
                                                                                             As at       during         during             during           As at
                 Grantees     Date of grant       Vesting period                    1 January 2025    the period     the period         the period   30 June 2025

                 Employees    22 April 2024       22 April 2024 to 21 April 2027          300,000             –              –                  –         300,000

                 Total                                                                    300,000             –              –                  –         300,000


                 During the current interim period, the Group recognised share-based compensation expense of RMB86,852,000
                 (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB270,000) in relation to share awards granted by the Company.




56   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



23. LONG TERM INCENTIVE PROGRAM (continued)
     (iii)   SHARE AWARDS GRANTED BY A SHAREHOLDER
             Key Honesty Limited (“Key Honesty”), a shareholder of the Company indirectly and wholly owned by Mr. Cai
             Dong Chen, Chairman of the Company, has granted 218,250,000 and 8,900,000 share awards involving the
             existing shares of the Company held by Key Honesty to selected employees of the Group on 1 April 2022 and
             14 September 2022, respectively. The awarded shares will be vested and transferred in batches from the third to
             fifth year after the grant at a transfer price of HK$2.95 per share subject to the fulfilment of certain conditions.


             The following tables disclose the movements in the number of awarded shares during the current and prior
             interim periods:


             Six months ended 30 June 2026


                                                                                                      Number of awarded shares

                                                                                                                             Cancelled/
                                                                                                 Granted         Vested             lapsed
                                                                                       As at      during          during            during            As at
             Grantees      Date of grant       Vesting period                 1 January 2026   the period     the period         the period    30 June 2026

             Employees     1 April 2022        1 April 2022 to
                                                  31 December 2026               37,845,000            –               –         (5,100,000)     32,745,000
                           1 April 2022        1 April 2022 to 1 April 2027      50,460,000            –               –         (6,800,000)     43,660,000
                           14 September 2022   14 September 2022 to
                                                 31 December 2026                   450,000            –               –                  –         450,000
                           14 September 2022   14 September 2022 to
                                                 14 September 2027                  600,000            –               –                  –         600,000

             Total                                                               89,355,000            –               –     (11,900,000)        77,455,000




                                                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2026              57
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



     23. LONG TERM INCENTIVE PROGRAM (continued)
          (iii)   SHARE AWARDS GRANTED BY A SHAREHOLDER (continued)
                  Six months ended 30 June 2025


                                                                                                          Number of awarded shares

                                                                                                                                      Cancelled/
                                                                                                   Granted            Vested              lapsed
                                                                                          As at      during           during              during           As at
                  Grantees    Date of grant       Vesting period                 1 January 2025   the period       the period         the period    30 June 2025

                  Employees   1 April 2022        1 April 2022 to 1 April 2025      54,045,000            –      (37,845,000)        (16,200,000)             –
                              1 April 2022        1 April 2022 to 1 April 2026      54,045,000            –                –         (16,200,000)    37,845,000
                              1 April 2022        1 April 2022 to 1 April 2027      72,060,000            –                –         (21,600,000)    50,460,000
                              14 September 2022   14 September 2022 to
                                                    14 September 2025                  780,000            –                –            (210,000)       570,000
                              14 September 2022   14 September 2022 to
                                                    14 September 2026                  780,000            –                –            (210,000)       570,000
                              14 September 2022   14 September 2022 to
                                                    14 September 2027                1,040,000            –                –            (280,000)       760,000

                  Total                                                            182,750,000            –      (37,845,000)        (54,700,000)    90,205,000


                  During the current interim period, the Group recognised share-based compensation expense of RMB28,471,000
                  (six months ended 30 June 2025: a reversal of share-based compensation expense of RMB72,280,000) in
                  relation to the share awards granted by Key Honesty.




58   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



24. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES
     During the current interim period, the Group had significant transactions and balances with related parties. Other than
     those disclosed elsewhere in the condensed consolidated financial statements, the Group had also entered into the
     following significant transactions with related parties and the balances with them at the end of the reporting period are
     as follows:


                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
     Relationships                         Nature of transactions/balances                          2026               2025
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000

     Related companies (note a)            Sales of pharmaceutical products                       562,755            432,711
                                           Purchase of pharmaceutical products and
                                             raw materials                                        213,343            124,312
                                           Payment of lease liabilities                             63,579            65,319
                                           Consolidated service expense                             59,504            54,410

                                                                                                  30 June       31 December
                                                                                                     2026              2025
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000

                                           Balance due from/to the related companies
                                             — trade receivables (note b)
                                                  aged 0–90 days                                  325,057            320,786
                                                  aged 91–180 days                                     914              2,011
                                                  aged 181–365 days                                    469                606
                                                  aged over 365 days                                 2,675              2,675

                                                                                                  329,115            326,078

                                             — other receivables (note c)                            5,691            17,608

                                             — trade payables (note b)
                                                  aged 0–90 days                                   (98,547)         (128,142)
                                                  aged 91–180 days                                 (21,668)           (23,655)
                                                  aged 181–365 days                                   (470)           (85,226)
                                                  aged over 365 days                               (69,653)           (40,819)

                                                                                                  (190,338)         (277,842)

                                             — other payables (note c)                             (19,873)           (27,703)
                                             — lease liabilities                                  (202,238)         (257,490)




                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2026     59
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



     24. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (continued)

                                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
          Relationships                          Nature of transactions/balances                                      2026                    2025
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                 RMB’000

          Joint ventures                         Sales of pharmaceutical products                                   28,975                 76,401
                                                 Purchase of raw materials                                          68,489                150,770
                                                 Research and development expenses                                         –                 9,557

                                                                                                                  30 June            31 December
                                                                                                                      2026                    2025
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                 RMB’000

                                                 Balance due from/(to) joint ventures
                                                    — trade receivables (note b)
                                                         aged 0–90 days                                              8,513                   7,833
                                                         aged 91–180 days                                                  –                   694

                                                                                                                     8,513                   8,527

                                                    — other receivables (note c)                                    43,751                 74,941

                                                    — trade payables (note b)
                                                         aged 0–90 days                                            (86,186)                (53,323)
                                                         aged 91–180 days                                          (15,460)                (23,362)
                                                         aged 181–365 days                                           (2,588)               (47,217)
                                                         aged over 365 days                                                –               (31,591)

                                                                                                                  (104,234)              (155,493)

                                                    — other payables (note c)                                      (47,577)                (55,295)

          Notes:

          (a)      Mr. Cai Dong Chen, executive director and the Chairman of the Company, has significant influence over the Company and
                   exercises control over CHL through a series of controlled corporations. Accordingly, CHL and its subsidiaries are related parties
                   of the Group.

          (b)      The general credit period for trade receivables and payables is 90 days (31 December 2025: 90 days).

          (c)      The amounts are unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable on demand.


          On 25 February 2026, CSPC Innovation Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company)
          entered into an equity transfer agreement with CHL to dispose of its 30.0704% equity interest in Beijing Guoxin Huijin
          Co., Ltd. for a consideration of RMB230,000,000. The disposal was approved by the shareholders of CSPC Innovation
          Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. on 8 April 2026 and was subsequently completed during the period, resulting in a gain on
          disposal of RMB896,000.




60   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



25. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
     At the end of the reporting period, the Group had the following capital commitments:


                                                                                                   30 June 2026      31 December 2025
                                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000

     Capital expenditure in respect of acquisition of property,
         plant and equipment contracted for but not provided in the
         condensed consolidated financial statements                                                   1,547,643              1,765,397
     Commitments arising from unlisted equity investments in partnerships                                559,792                565,099


26. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
     Certain financial assets of the Group are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. The following table
     gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets and financial liabilities are determined (in particular,
     the valuation technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value
     measurements are categorised (Levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements
     are observable.


     •      Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for identical
            assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date;


     •      Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1
            that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and


     •      Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include the lowest level inputs
            for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).




                                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2026       61
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



     26. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

                                                                                                                                     Significant               Relationship of
                                                                         Fair value   Valuation techniques and                       unobservable              unobservable
          Financial assets                  Fair value as at             hierarchy    key input(s)                                   input(s)                  inputs to fair value
                                     30 June 2026     31 December 2025
                                        RMB’000                RMB’000

          Equity securities listed        267,417               269,975 Level 1       Quoted bid prices in an active market.         N/A                       N/A
            in Hong Kong


          Unquoted investments          1,930,254              1,981,301 Level 3      Where recent transaction prices                Estimated discount rate   The higher the estimated
                                                                                        of underlying investments is not                                         discount rate, the lower the
                                                                                        available, discounted cash flows is                                      fair value, vice versa.
                                                                                        used for valuation.


                                                                                      Discounted cash flows — in this approach, Long-term pre-tax operating The higher the long-term pre-
                                                                                        the discounted cash flow method was            margin                    tax operating margin, the
                                                                                        used to capture the present value of                                     higher the fair value, vice
                                                                                        future expected cash flows to be derived                                 versa.
                                                                                        from the underlying assets.


          Derivative financial              7,990                    — Level 2        Discounted cash flows — Future cash            N/A                       N/A
            assets -foreign                                                             flows are estimated based on the
            currency swaps                                                              difference between the contracted
                                                                                        forward exchange rates and observable
                                                                                        market forward exchange rates at the
                                                                                        end of the reporting period, discounted
                                                                                        at a rate that reflects the credit risk of
                                                                                        the counterparties.


          Bills receivables             1,588,055              2,506,687 Level 2      Discounted cash flow at a discount rate        N/A                       N/A
            measured at FVTOCI                                                          that reflects the credit risk of issuers.


          Structured bank               8,485,866              2,775,915 Level 2      Expected yields of underlying investments      N/A                       N/A
            deposits                                                                    invested by bank at a discount rate that
                                                                                        reflects the credit risk of the bank.

          There were no transfers between levels during the current interim period.


          Unrealised fair value loss of RMB14,130,000 included in other comprehensive expense for the period ended 30 June
          2026 (six months ended 30 June 2025: unrealised fair value loss of RMB120,631,000) was related to other financial
          assets measured at FVTOCI held at the end of the reporting period and reported as changes in other reserves.




62   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)



26. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
     FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS AND VALUATION PROCESSES
     In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is available.
     Where Level 1 and 2 inputs are not available, the Group engages third party qualified valuers to perform the valuation.
     The finance department works closely with the qualified external valuers to establish the appropriate valuation
     techniques and inputs to the model. The management reports to the directors of the Company every quarter to explain
     the cause of fluctuations in the fair value of the assets and liabilities.


     Information about the valuation techniques and inputs used in determining the fair value of various assets and liability
     are disclosed above.


     The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of other financial assets and financial liabilities
     recorded at amortised cost in the condensed consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.




                                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2026      63
     Other Information


     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
     As at 30 June 2026, the interests and short positions of the directors of the Company in the shares, underlying shares
     and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and
     Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”)), as recorded in the register required to be kept
     under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
     “Stock Exchange”) pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”),
     were as follows:


     Long Positions


                                                                                                                Total interests      Approximate %
                                                                                             Number of              in shares/         of the issued
                                      Capacity/                          Number of           underlying            underlying           shares as at
     Name of Director                 Nature of Interest                shares held         shares held                 shares         30 June 2026 (1)
     The Company
     Cai Dong Chen                    Beneficial owner                  479,910,960                      –         479,910,960                 4.17%
                                      Interest of controlled          2,561,045,710 (2)                  –       2,561,045,710                22.23%
                                         corporation
     Cai Lei                          Beneficial owner                       40,000                     –                40,000              0.0003%
     Wei Qingjie                      Beneficial owner                      300,000                     –               300,000               0.003%
     Zhang Cuilong                    Beneficial owner                    5,000,000                     –             5,000,000                0.04%
     Wang Zhenguo                     Beneficial owner                    1,500,000                     –             1,500,000                0.01%
     Li Chunlei                       Beneficial owner                    3,000,000                     –             3,000,000                0.03%
     Cai Xin                          Beneficial owner                      100,000                     –               100,000               0.001%
     Chen Weiping                     Beneficial owner                      170,000               350,000 (3)           520,000               0.005%
     Qu Zhiyong                       Beneficial owner                       90,003                     –                90,003               0.001%


     CSPC Innovation Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (an associated corporation of the Company)
     Qu Zhiyong               Beneficial owner                         800                               –                  800              0.0001%

     Notes:

     (1)      Based on 11,522,451,732 shares in issue as at 30 June 2026.

     (2)      Mr. Cai Dong Chen is deemed to be interested in 2,561,045,710 shares, comprising (i) 367,081,640 shares directly held by Key
              Honesty Limited (“Key Honesty”), a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of True Ally Holdings Limited (“True Ally”), (ii) 1,218,834,470 shares
              directly held by Massive Giant Group Limited, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of True Ally, (iii) 948,249,600 shares directly held by
              True Ally, which is directly wholly-owned by Mr. Cai Dong Chen and (iv) 26,880,000 shares directly held by Harmonic Choice Limited
              by virtue of his interests in a chain of corporations holding Harmonic Choice Limited, namely Massive Top Limited, of which March
              Rise Limited, Beijing Zhongyihe Hezhong Investment Management Centre (Limited Partnership) (北京中宜和合眾投資管理中心(有限
              合夥)) (“Zhongyihe”) and True Ally own 75%, 15% and 10%, respectively. March Rise Limited in turn is owned as to 40% by True Ally
              and 60% by Zhongyihe, the general partner of which is Mr. Cai Dong Chen.

     (3)      The interests represent unvested awarded shares granted by Key Honesty, a shareholder of the Company, details of which are set
              out in Note 23 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.


     Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors or their associates had any interests or short positions in the shares,
     underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations as at 30 June 2026.




64   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Other Information



ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Other than the long-term incentive programs disclosed below, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries was a party
to any arrangements to enable the directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or
debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate at any time during the six months ended 30 June 2026.


LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PROGRAMS
(1)   SHARE OPTION SCHEMES
      (i)   2015 Share Option Scheme
            The Company has adopted a share option scheme on 9 December 2015 (the “2015 Share Option Scheme”),
            details of which are set out in Note 23 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.


            On 4 September 2023 (the “Grant Date”), the Company conditionally granted share options (the “Share Options”)
            to the then directors of the Company set out in the table below (the “Management Grantees”) to subscribe for
            an aggregate of 50,000,000 shares of the Company (the “Share Option Shares”) under the 2015 Share Option
            Scheme.


            The exercise of the Share Options by the Management Grantees in full (the “Exercise of the Share Options”)
            would cause the aggregate shareholding interests in the total number of issued shares held by the Management
            Grantees and parties acting in concert with any of them (collectively, the “Management Group”) to increase
            from approximately 29.90% of the total number of issued shares of the Company as at the Grant Date to
            approximately 30.19% of the total number of issued shares of the Company as enlarged by the issuance of the
            Share Option Shares in full. Accordingly, the Management Grantees would be obliged to make a mandatory
            general offer pursuant to Rule 26.1 of the Takeovers Code to the shareholders of the Company for all the issued
            shares not already owned or agreed to be acquired by the Management Group as a result of the allotment and
            issuance of the Share Option Shares to the Management Grantees, unless a whitewash waiver is granted by the
            Securities and Futures Commission (“SFC”). The Management Grantees had applied to the SFC for, and the SFC
            granted, a waiver pursuant to Note 1 of the Notes on dispensations from Rule 26 of the Takeovers Code from
            the obligations of the Management Grantees to make a mandatory general offer for all of the shares and other
            securities (as defined in Note 4 to Rule 22 of the Takeovers Code) of the Company (if any) not already owned or
            agreed to be acquired by the Management Group which would otherwise arise as a result of the completion of
            the Exercise of the Share Options (the “Whitewash Waiver”).


            The resolutions approving the Whitewash Waiver and the conditional grant of the Share Options and the Exercise
            of the Share Options and the transactions contemplated thereunder were duly passed at the extraordinary
            general meeting held by the Company on 29 November 2023.




                                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2026   65
     Other Information



               On 11 April 2024, a total number of 19,500,000 Share Options were exercised by some of the Management
               Grantees at the exercise price of HK$5.98 per share. Accordingly, a total of 19,500,000 new shares were allotted
               and issued to some of the Management Grantees on 15 April 2024 (the “Issuance”). Pursuant to Note 15 to
               Rule 25.1 of the Takeovers Code, the Management Group shall be deemed to have a lowest percentage holding
               equal to its percentage holding immediately after the Issuance, i.e. 30.01% as at 15 April 2024 (the “New Lowest
               Percentage Holding”). Any acquisition of additional voting rights by the Management Group subsequent to the
               Issuance shall be subject to the 2% creeper under Rule 26.1 of the Takeovers Code by reference to the New
               Lowest Percentage Holding in the 12-month period ending on the date of the Issuance, unless any subsequent
               disposition of voting rights by the Management Group causes the lowest percentage holding of the Management
               Group to fall below the New Lowest Percentage Holding. Details of the above exercise of Share Options are set
               out in the announcement of the Company dated 15 April 2024.


               The 2015 Share Option Scheme was approved and adopted by the Company’s shareholders on 9 December
               2015 and expired on 8 December 2025. No further options can be granted thereunder upon expiration.


               Particulars of share options outstanding under the 2015 Share Option Scheme at the beginning and at the end of
               the six months ended 30 June 2026 and share options granted, exercised, lapsed or cancelled under the 2015
               Share Option Scheme during the six-month period were as follows:

                                                                                                                  Number of share options                                 Closing Price of Share

                                                                                                           New                                                                             Prior to
                                                                          Exercise    Unexercised        grants   Exercised        Lapsed       Cancelled Unexercised                   the date of
               Name of                                                     price at          as at   during the   during the    during the      during the       as at     Prior to       exercise
               category of    Date of            Exercise    Vesting    grant date      1 January     reporting    reporting     reporting       reporting    30 June     the date       (weighted
               participants   grant                period     period    per Share            2026        period       period        period          period       2026     of grant        average)
                                                                             (HK$)                                                                                           (HK$)           (HK$)
               Other grantees
                 in aggregate 4 September 2023         (1)        (2)         5.98      1,300,000            –            –                 –          –      1,300,000       5.90             N/A


               Notes:

               1.        Subject to the fulfillment of the conditions for the grant and exercise of the share options, the vesting conditions and the
                         vesting period, the exercise period of the share options is 10 years from the date of grant (i.e. 4 September 2023 to 3
                         September 2033, both days inclusive).

               2.        Conditional upon the Group having achieved a single-digit percentage growth on the amount of the underlying profit
                         attributable to shareholders (i.e. the profit attributable to shareholders after excluding certain non-operating items as
                         determined by the Board) for the year ended 31 December 2023 as compared to that for the year ended 31 December
                         2022, 50% of the share options shall vest on 1 April 2024, and such condition has already been satisfied. The
                         remaining 50% of the share options shall vest on 1 April 2025 conditional upon the Group having achieved a double-
                         digit percentage growth on the amount of the underlying profit attributable to shareholders (i.e. the profit attributable to
                         shareholders after excluding certain non- operating items as determined by the Board) for the year ended 31 December
                         2024 as compared to that for the year ended 31 December 2023. Since such condition had not been satisfied, the
                         share options lapsed on 1 April 2025.




66   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Other Information



      (ii)   2026 Share Option Scheme
             The Company has adopted a share option scheme on 28 May 2026 (the “2026 Share Option Scheme”), details
             of which are set out in Note 23 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.


             As at the date of adoption of the 2026 Share Option Scheme and 30 June 2026, the total number of shares
             available for grant under the 2026 Share Option Scheme was 1,152,245,173 shares, representing approximately
             10% of the issued shares of the Company.


             During the six months ended 30 June 2026, no share options were granted, exercised, lapsed, or cancelled
             under the 2026 Share Option Scheme, and there were no outstanding share options under the 2026 Share
             Option Scheme as at 30 June 2026.


(2)   SHARE AWARD SCHEMES
      (i)    2018 Share Award Scheme
             The Company has adopted a share award scheme on 20 August 2018 (the “2018 Share Award Scheme”). In
             addition, a shareholder of the Company has granted share awards to selected employees of the Group. Details
             of the 2018 Share Award Scheme are set out in Note 23 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.


             Particulars of share award outstanding under the 2018 Share Award Scheme at the beginning and at the end of
             the six months ended 30 June 2026, together with those granted, vested, lapsed or cancelled under the 2018
             Share Award Scheme during the six-month period, were as follows:

                                                                                  Number of awarded shares                          Closing Price of Shares
                                                                                  New                  Cancelled/
                                                                Unvested       granted      Vested        lapsed      Unvested                   Prior to the
                                                                    As at   during the   during the    during the         As at       Prior to       vesting
                                                                1 January    reporting    reporting     reporting      30 June       the date     (weighted
             Grantees    Date of grant   Vesting period              2026       period       period        period         2026       of grant       average)
                                                                                                                                         (HK$)          (HK$)

             Employees   22 April 2024   22 April 2024 to        300,000             –            –             –      300,000           5.77            N/A
                                            21 April 2027
                         19 September    19 September 2025 to   9,000,000            –            –    (9,000,000)            –         10.14            N/A
                           2025             30 January 2029
                         23 January      23 January 2026 to             –   46,462,500            –      (444,000)   46,018,500          9.68            N/A
                           2026             23 January 2029
                         2 April 2026    2 April 2026 to                –    9,462,000            –             –     9,462,000          9.62            N/A
                                            23 January 2029
                         8 June 2026     8 June 2026 to                 –    1,350,000            –             –     1,350,000          7.24            N/A
                                            23 January 2028
             Total                                              9,300,000   57,274,500            –    (9,444,000)   57,130,500




                                                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2026           67
     Other Information



                  As at 1 January 2026 and 30 June 2026, the total number of shares available for further award under the 2018
                  Share Award Scheme was 108,038,368 shares and 60,207,868 shares respectively, representing approximately
                  0.94% and 0.52% of the issued shares of the Company.


                  The 2018 Share Award Scheme was adopted by the Board on 20 August 2018, with subsequent amendments
                  made on 21 May 2024. The 2018 Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of ten years from
                  the date of adoption until 19 August 2028, unless terminated earlier by the Board.


                  As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 12 August 2026, the trustee of the 2018 Share Award
                  Scheme was changed from BOCI-Prudential Trustee Limited to BOCI Trustee (Hong Kong) Limited (“BOCI
                  Trustee”) with effect from 12 August 2026. The Company engaged BOCI Trustee as the trustee in replacement of
                  BOCI-Prudential Trustee Limited, and an amended and restated trust deed was executed between the Company
                  and BOCI Trustee to give effect to such change. The change of trustee does not affect the subsisting rights of the
                  selected participants under the 2018 Share Award Scheme.


          (ii)    2026 Share Award Scheme
                  The Company has adopted a share award scheme on 25 March 2026 (the “2026 Share Award Scheme”). Details
                  of the 2026 Share Award Scheme are set out in Note 23 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.


                  Since the adoption of the 2026 Share Award Scheme and up to 30 June 2026, no share awards were granted,
                  vested, lapsed, or cancelled under the 2026 Share Award Scheme. Accordingly, there were no share awards
                  outstanding as at 30 June 2026.


                  As at the date of adoption of the 2026 Share Award Scheme and 30 June 2026, the total number of shares
                  available for further award under the 2026 Share Award Scheme was 345,673,551 shares, representing
                  approximately 3.00% of the issued shares of the Company.


                  The 2026 Share Award Scheme was adopted by the Board on 25 March 2026 and shall be valid and effective
                  for a period of ten years from the date of adoption until 24 March 2036, unless terminated earlier by the Board.


          (iii)   Share awards granted by a shareholder
                  Key Honesty, a shareholder of the Company, has granted share awards to selected employees of the Group
                  in 2022. Details of the share awards granted by the shareholder are set out in Note 23 to the condensed
                  consolidated financial statements.




68   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Other Information



SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS
As at 30 June 2026, the following persons had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company
which are required to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or
which are recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO:


LONG POSITIONS


                                                                                                            Total interests     Approximate %
                                                                                        Number of                in shares/        of the issued
Name of                              Capacity/                        Number of         underlying              underlying        shares of the
Substantial Shareholder              Nature of Interest              shares held       shares held                  shares           Company(1)
Cai Dong Chen                        Beneficial owner                479,910,960                 —           3,040,956,670               26.39%
                                     Interest of controlled        2,561,045,710 (2)             —
                                       corporation
True Ally Holdings Limited           Beneficial owner                948,249,600                 —           2,561,045,710               22.23%
                                     Interest of controlled        1,612,796,110                 —
                                       corporation
Massive Giant Group Limited          Beneficial owner              1,218,834,470                 —           1,218,834,470               10.58%
Common Success International         Beneficial owner                728,796,313                 —             728,796,313                6.33%
  Limited

Notes:

(1)      Based on 11,522,451,732 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2026.

(2)      Mr. Cai Dong Chen is deemed to be interested in 2,561,045,710 shares, comprising (i) 367,081,640 shares directly held by Key
         Honesty, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of True Ally, (ii) 1,218,834,470 shares directly held by Massive Giant Group Limited, a direct
         wholly-owned subsidiary of True Ally, (iii) 948,249,600 shares directly held by True Ally, which is directly wholly-owned by Mr. Cai
         Dong Chen and (iv) 26,880,000 shares directly held by Harmonic Choice Limited by virtue of his interests in a chain of corporations
         holding Harmonic Choice Limited, namely Massive Top Limited, of which March Rise Limited, Zhongyihe and True Ally own 75%,
         15% and 10%, respectively. March Rise Limited in turn is owned as to 40% by True Ally and 60% by Zhongyihe, the general partner
         of which is Mr. Cai Dong Chen.


Other than as disclosed above, the Company has not been notified of any other interests or short positions in the shares and
underlying shares of the Company as at 30 June 2026.


CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS
Pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, the changes in information of the director(s) of the Company, as notified to
the Company, subsequent to the date of the 2025 Annual Report are set out below


Name of Director                                     Details of Changes
Mr. LAW Cheuk Kin Stephen                            Appointed as an independent non-executive director of China Resources
                                                     Gas Group Limited (listed on the Stock Exchange, Stock Code: 1193.HK) on
                                                     27 March 2026




                                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2026        69
     Other Information



     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
     The Company has complied with all the code provisions in the Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix C1 of the
     Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange throughout the six months ended 30 June 2026.


     DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
     The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules. In response to specific enquiry
     mode, all directors confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code throughout the
     six months ended 30 June 2026.


     REVIEW OF INTERIM RESULTS
     The interim results for the six months ended 30 June 2026 have been reviewed by the external auditor and audit committee
     of the Company.


     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
     During the six months ended 30 June 2026, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold, or redeemed
     any of the Company’s securities listed on the Stock Exchange (including sale of treasury shares, if any), except that the
     trustee of the Company’s share award scheme adopted on 25 March 2026 (the “2026 Share Award Scheme”) purchased
     a total of 46,178,000 shares of the Company on the Stock Exchange to be held on trust for a total consideration of
     approximately HK$321,086,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB279,699,000), pursuant to the terms and conditions of the
     2026 Share Award Scheme.


     CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
     The register of members of the Company will be closed from Thursday, 22 October 2026 to Monday, 26 October 2026,
     both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares will be effected. The record date for entitlement to the interim
     dividend is Monday, 26 October 2026. In order to qualify for the interim dividend, all share transfer documents accompanied
     by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s share registrar, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F,
     Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 21 October
     2026.




70   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
