              2022
         ANNUAL REPORT




Innovation
Contents




2     Corporate Information

3     Financial Highlights

4     Chairman’s Statement

8     Management Discussion and Analysis

26    Corporate Governance Report

36    Directors’ Report

50    Independent Auditor’s Report

55    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

56    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

57    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

60    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

62    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

65    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

166   Financial Summary




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022   1
    Corporate Information

    Board of Directors                      Company Secretary
    Executive Directors                     LO Tai On
    CAI Dongchen (Chairman)
    ZHANG Cuilong (Vice-Chairman and CEO)   Registered Office
    WANG Zhenguo                            Suite 3206
    PAN Weidong                             32nd Floor
    WANG Huaiyu                             Central Plaza
    LI Chunlei                              18 Harbour Road
    WANG Qingxi                             Wan Chai
    CHAK Kin Man                            Hong Kong
    JIANG Hao
                                            Share Registrar
    Independent Non-executive Directors     Tricor Secretaries Limited
    WANG Bo                                 17/F, Far East Finance Centre
    CHEN Chuan                              16 Harcourt Road
    WANG Hongguang                          Hong Kong
    AU Chun Kwok Alan
    LAW Cheuk Kin Stephen                   Auditor
    LI Quan                                 Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                            Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
    Audit Committee
    AU Chun Kwok Alan (Chairman)            Stock Exchange
    WANG Bo                                 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
    CHEN Chuan
                                            Stock Code
    Nomination Committee                    1093
    CAI Dongchen (Chairman)
    WANG Bo                                 Website
    CHEN Chuan                              www.cspc.com.hk


    Remuneration Committee
    AU Chun Kwok Alan (Chairman)
    WANG Bo
    CHEN Chuan




2   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Financial Highlights


                                                                           2022                   2021                Change

(in RMB’000, unless otherwise stated)

Revenue by business units:
  Finished drugs                                                    24,520,067             22,681,444                   +8.1%
  Bulk products                                                       4,450,936             3,819,209                 +16.5%
  Functional food and others                                          1,965,901             1,366,217                 +43.9%

Total revenue                                                       30,936,904             27,866,870                 +11.0%

Profit attributable to shareholders
  As reported                                                         6,091,390             5,605,185                   +8.7%
  Underlying profit (Note)                                            6,105,725             5,417,900                 +12.7%

Earnings per share (RMB cents)
  Basic                                                                    51.11                 46.89                  +9.0%
  Diluted                                                                  51.11                 46.89                  +9.0%

Final dividend per share (HK cents)                                        11.00                 10.00                +10.0%

Full-year dividend per share (HK cents)                                    21.00                 18.00                +16.7%

Note:   Underlying profit attributable to shareholders, a non-HKFRS measure, represents profit before taking into account fair
        value gain on financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss, employee share-based compensation expense,
        gains on deemed disposal of partial interest in an associate and a joint venture and gain on disposal of a joint venture.
        Reconciliation between the reported and underlying profit is provided on page 23 of this annual report.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022       3
    Chairman’s
    Statement

    Results
    For the financial year ended 31 December 2022, the revenue of the Group grew by 11.0% to RMB30,937 million,
    and profit attributable to shareholders increased by 8.7% to RMB6,091 million. Basic earnings per share increased
    similarly to RMB51.11 cents.


    The Group’s underlying profit attributable to shareholders, excluding fair value gain on financial assets measured at
    fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), employee share-based compensation expense, gains on deemed disposal
    of partial interest in an associate and a joint venture and gain on disposal of a joint venture, amounted to RMB6,106
    million, an increase of 12.7% as compared to 2021.


    Dividend
    The Board of Directors recommended a final dividend of HK11 cents per share for 2022. Subject to the approval of
    shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting, the proposed final dividend will be paid on 28 June 2023 to
    shareholders whose names appear on the register of members on 9 June 2023. Together with an interim dividend of
    HK10 cents per share, the full-year dividend for 2022 amounted to HK21 cents per share, an increase of 16.7% as
    compared to 2021.




4   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Chairman’s Statement



Industry Review
In 2022, amid the continuous disruption from the Covid-19 pandemic and adjustments in the prevention and control
policies, the whole industry faced unprecedented difficulties and challenges and business operations were affected
to a certain extent. With the continuous mutation of the virus, wave after wave of infection peaks have occurred.
On the other hand, the industry has made encouraging development in its fight against the coronavirus. The mRNA
technology has shown its advantages in the development of vaccines against mutant strains. The pandemic has
become the catalyst for driving the industry into an era of nucleic acid drugs. The Group seized the opportunity
and actively developed the nucleic acid drug platform, establishing a solid technology foundation for the long-term
development in the future.


With the policies of drug approval, volume-based procurement and medical insurance gradually becoming more
mature, China’s pharmaceutical ecosystem is entering a positive cycle. The “14th Five-Year Plan for the Development
of Pharmaceutical Industry” sets out the specific development goals of the pharmaceutical industry and establishes
the development direction of innovation-driven transformation and upgrade of industry chain quality in the next five
years. The positive driving force of the industry will promote the optimisation and integration as well as high-quality
development of the industry. Large-scale pharmaceutical companies with integrated advantages in research and
development, production and sales will benefit from the industry’s integration and upgrade and continue to thrive.


Following the lifting of Covid-19 pandemic prevention and control measures, China has entered the post-pandemic
era with the economy and daily life gradually returning to normal. With the revival of medical services provision and
growth driver supported by innovation, the industry will embrace the recovery and development opportunities in the
post-pandemic era.


Business Review
2022 was a year full of challenges and uncertainties. Pandemic, macroeconomy and international environment
changes have all brought new requirements and challenges to the industry. Based on the development needs of
the Group, the board of directors has put forward an operation strategy of “strong innovation, strong team, strong
management and stable growth”. With the ongoing enhancement of “innovation, team and management” and the
efforts of all employees, the Group achieved the goal of “stable growth” and delivered satisfactory results.


The finished drug business maintained steady growth in 2022, with a continued increase in contribution from new
products. Duoenda (mitoxantrone hydrochloride liposome injection), a globally exclusive innovative formulation drug,
and Copiktra (duvelisib capsules), the first approved PI3K inhibitor in China, were commercially launched in January
and November, respectively. Moreover, a number of newly launched generic drugs were selected at national volume-
based procurements with rapid sales ramp-up. These new products brought in new sales contribution as well as
a more balanced product portfolio to our business. In March 2023, COVID-19 mRNA vaccine (SYS6006) has been
included for emergency use in China for the prevention of COVID-19 caused by the infection of SARS-CoV-2.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022    5
    Chairman’s Statement



    The clinical development of the Group’s innovative drugs were progressing according to plan. Research and
    development efficiency continued to improve, the number of patients enrolled in clinical studies has exceeded that
    of 2021. Among the new drugs under development, over 50 are in clinical stage, of which 9 have filed application for
    marketing approval and 16 are in pivotal clinical trial stage. The Group has established various innovative research
    and development platforms, covering small molecules, large molecules, nano-formulation, antibody-drug conjugates
    (ADC), mRNA vaccines and siRNA drugs, providing a solid foundation for the Group’s innovative research and
    development. Among them, the nano-formulation technology platform has established a leading position in the
    world. It has successfully developed 4 key nano-formulation drugs, and its current pipeline of drug candidates has
    more than 5 key products with global patents and great market potential.


    The Group has also made good progress in its business development initiative with two projects of product license-
    in and acquisition completed. With support from the Group’s strong capabilities in clinical development, registration
    and commercialisation, they will bring new momentum to the future growth. Moreover, two projects of license-out
    have been completed, both of which are globally competitive self-developed innovative ADC drug candidates of
    the Group, marking the global recognition of the Group’s innovation capabilities and an important milestone for the
    expansion of the Group’s self-developed innovative products into the overseas market.


    CSPC attaches great importance to the improvement of our ESG standard and is committed to creating a green,
    harmonious and sustainable development path, improving corporate governance and actively giving back to society.
    In the most recent ESG rating of MSCI in 2022, the rating of the Company remains at A.


    Outlook
    2023 is the first year of fully implementing the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China
    and a crucial year for the implementation of the “14th Five-Year Plan”. It is also the year for the Group to strive
    for strong innovation, strong team, strong management and stable growth under the guidance of China’s national
    policies. The Group will actively seize the opportunities from policy and adhere to the strategy of innovation and
    globalization, aiming to become an innovative pharmaceutical company with international influence.


    Innovation
    With the adoption of clinical value-oriented approach, we will continue to develop new therapeutic targets, new
    technology platforms and increase investment in R&D to ensure that the Group’s competitive advantage remains
    industry-leading. Other than product innovation, we will accelerate management innovation and culture innovation to
    support the comprehensive needs for the Group’s growth.


    (i)   Rapidly advance the drugs under development to pivotal clinical trial stage and strive to launch more drugs in
          order to achieve realization of results, and focus on major therapeutic areas and development of products for
          major indications to enhance product value.




6   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Chairman’s Statement



(ii)    Focus on cutting-edge technology, combine independent innovation and licensing-in, and attain differentiated
        competition. Currently, drug research and development has rapidly expanded to nucleic acid drugs. The
        Group will make use of its existing nanodrug platform to break through the bottleneck in nucleic acid drug
        technology and establish a leading position in nano-delivery technology and nucleic acid drugs. At the same
        time, we will also target emerging technologies such as gene therapy and cell therapy, and develop cutting-
        edge technologies such as in vivo reprogramming of immune cells. The Group will further integrate internal
        resources to develop new CAR-T cell therapies.


(iii)   Strengthen the overseas research and development (“R&D”) team, select projects with competitive edge for
        overseas development, and accelerate the approval and marketing of key innovative drugs in the U.S. and
        other overseas markets with new and unique development paths.


Business development
Apart from the efforts to ensure rapid development of our in-house pipelines, we will also focus on raising our
business development (BD) capabilities and building an internationalised BD team and ecosystem. We will actively
look for global cooperation opportunities with the aim of supplementing our product pipelines, expanding therapeutic
areas and indications, and introducing cutting-edge technology platforms. We will also strengthen cooperation with
European and U.S. funds focused on biotechnology/medicine to link up the Chinese market with overseas first-in-
class (FIC) and best-in-class (BIC) projects. Moreover, we will strengthen the out-licensing of our in-house developed
innovative products in order to develop the international market with overseas partners and achieve win-win results.


Internationalisation
The Group will continue to step up its efforts in internationalisation in the areas of R&D, business development
and commercialization. Other than striving to enhance the R&D capabilities of our overseas R&D centres, we will
also strengthen cooperation with overseas pharmaceutical enterprises and increase the contribution of overseas
businesses, so as to improve the Group’s competitiveness and industry position on the international stage.


Appreciation
I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to all staff for their dedication and diligence, and to all
our shareholders, business partners and customers for their continued support.




                                                                                                  CAI Dongchen
                                                                                                     Chairman


22 March 2023




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022     7
                                                                     Management
                                                                   Discussion and
                                                                         Analysis
    Overview
    The Group is an innovation-driven pharmaceutical enterprise with integrated R&D, manufacture and sales capabilities.
    With the corporate mission of “All for Better Medicines, All for a Healthier World”, the Group is committed to
    developing innovative products to address unmet clinical needs and provide innovative therapies for patients.


    The Group has built an internationalised R&D team with more than 2,000 members and five key R&D centres
    in Shijiazhuang, Shanghai, Beijing and the U.S., focusing on six key therapeutic areas of oncology, psychiatry
    and neurology, cardiovascular, immunology and respiratory, digestion and metabolism, and anti-infectives. Eight
    innovative technology R&D platforms have been established encompassing nano-formulation, mRNA, siRNA,
    monoclonal antibody, bispecific antibody and ADC, and the continuous investment will provide strong support for the
    research and development of innovative drugs. The Group is also actively involved in the prevention and treatment of
    Covid-19, with one mRNA vaccine and two therapeutic drugs approved to commence clinical trials in 2022, striving
    to provide vaccines and drugs for the prevention and control of the pandemic, help address the concerns of the
    country and alleviate difficulties for the people. Among them, the mRNA vaccine with broad-spectrum protection
    against variants has been granted emergency use authorization in March this year. The Group currently has over 110
    innovative drug projects under development, including approximately 40 large molecule drugs, 40 small molecule
    drugs and 30 new-formulation drugs. Within the next 5 years, more than 40 innovative drugs are expected to be
    approved, which will provide continuous momentum for the Group’s development.




8   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



The Group has strong commercialisation capabilities. Its professional sales force currently has over 10,000 team
members, covering more than 35,000 medical institutions across the country, with coverage rate of over 90% in
Class III hospitals and over 70% in Class II hospitals. We are also actively strengthening our efforts in lower-tier
market penetration and developing the potential of county-level markets to provide quality drugs to the grass roots.
Through patient-centric and clinical-data-driven academic promotion, the Group’s sales team has successfully
nurtured market-leading core products such as NBP, Duomeisu, Jinyouli, Keaili and Xuanning. Leveraging on the
strong sales team and successful commercialisation experience, the Group will be able to ensure the rapid sales
ramp-up and sales performance of innovative drugs to be commercially launched in the future. In addition, the Group
has been actively strengthening the retail sales channel and internet medicine platform, and exploring the promotion
model for chronic disease management.


Business Review
Finished Drug Business
In 2022, the finished drug business maintained stable growth. The Group continued to adopt strategies of
professional academic promotion, hospital development, lower-tier market penetration and expansion of indications
to drive the growth of key finished drug products. During the year, market development activities of the newly
launched innovative drugs were initiated and a number of newly launched generic drugs were selected at volume-
based procurement with rapid sales ramp-up, which has brought in new sales contribution and a more balanced
product portfolio.


The finished drug business recorded revenue of RMB24,520 million (including licence fee income of RMB186 million)
for the year, an increase of 8.1% compared to last year. Sales by major therapeutic areas are as follows:


Therapeutic Area                                                                   Sales                    Change
                                                                             (RMB’ million)


Nervous system                                                                       8,108                   +7.5%
Oncology                                                                             7,415                   -3.8%
Anti-infectives                                                                      3,540                  +20.1%
Cardiovascular                                                                       2,889                   +4.5%
Respiratory system                                                                     621                  +54.5%
Digestion and metabolism                                                               755                  +51.9%
Others                                                                               1,006                  +31.5%




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022   9
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Nervous System
     Major products include NBP (恩必普®) (butylphthalide soft capsules and butylphthalide and sodium chloride injection),
     Shuanling (舒安靈 ®) (pentoxifylline extended-release tablets and pentoxifylline injection), Enliwei (恩理維 ®) (lacosamide
     injection/tablets), Enxi (恩悉®) (pramipexole dihydrochloride tablets) and Oulaining (歐來寧®) (oxiracetam capsules and
     oxiracetam for injection).


     •      NBP is a Class 1 new chemical drug in China and a patent-protected exclusive product mainly used for
            the treatment of acute ischemic stroke. It is a recommended drug in the guidelines of various professional
            organisations such as the Chinese Medical Association and the Chinese Stroke Association for the treatment
            of acute ischemic stroke, and is also listed in more than twenty domestic authoritative clinical guidelines and
            expert consensuses. In 2022, NBP maintained a stable sales growth. With the new NRDL renewal price to
            be implemented in March 2023, accessibility of the product will be further improved. The ongoing efforts to
            develop new indications will bring new growth opportunities for butylphthalide.


     •      Shuanling is a non-selective phosphodiesterase inhibitor that can comprehensively improve microcirculation
            through multiple mechanisms of action. In 2022, Shuanling continued to record rapid sales growth, and was
            listed in the Catalogue of Off-label Usage (2022 Edition) of Jilin, Liaoning and Heilongjiang provinces, the Male
            Infertility Guideline (2022) and the Consensus of Multi-disciplinary Chinese Experts on Diabetes Complicated
            with Male Erectile Dysfunction (2022).


     Oncology
     On top of the three existing core products, namely Duomeisu (多美素 ® ) (doxorubicin hydrochloride liposome
     injection), Jinyouli (津優力®) (PEG-rhGCSF injection) and Keaili (克艾力®) (paclitaxel for injection (albumin-bound), the
     Group continuously enriches the product portfolio by adding new products such as Duoenda (多恩達 ®) (mitoxantrone
     hydrochloride liposome injection) and Copiktra (克必妥®) (duvelisib capsules), bringing in new business growth drivers
     to this therapeutic area.


     •      Duomeisu is a product developed by the National Key Laboratory for New Pharmaceutical Preparations
            and Excipients of the Group and supported by the Major New Drug Development project in China. It is
            recommended by the U.S. National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN) Guidelines and the Chinese
            Society of Clinical Oncology (CSCO) for the first-line treatment of lymphoma, ovarian cancer, relapsed or
            metastatic breast cancer, soft tissue sarcoma and AIDS-related Kaposi’s sarcoma. Duomeisu is a leading
            brand of liposomal doxorubicin in China and is the first to pass the consistency evaluation in May 2021.
            Affected by the pandemic prevention and control measures and the adjustment of reimbursement drug list in
            certain provinces, sales of Duomeisu decreased in 2022. The Group will vigorously expand the broad market
            of prefecture-level cities and counties, with the target of increasing the proportion of sales from this broad
            market to 40%, providing more opportunities for patients to use Duomeisu and driving product’s growth.




10   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



•    Jinyouli is the first long-acting white blood cell booster drug developed in China. It is used to prevent and
     treat incidence of infection and pyrexia due to low neutrophil count in patients receiving chemotherapy, thus
     ensuring the administration of standardised dosage of chemotherapy. It earns unanimous recommendations in
     domestic and foreign guidelines. In 2022, the growth rate of Jinyouli has slowed down due to certain factors
     such as pandemic prevention and control. Currently, short-acting white blood cell booster drugs still have a
     rather significant market share in China, especially in cities other than the provincial capital. The Group will
     continue to promote the use of long-acting white blood cell booster drugs and further expand the coverage of
     core hospitals in prefecture-level cities and county-level markets. Jinyouli was selected at the volume-based
     procurement of Guangdong Alliance in 2022. We will leverage the advantage from the policy to increase the
     market share of Jinyouli in those procurement regions.


•    Keaili is the first-to-market generic of new generation paclitaxel chemotherapy drug in China with the
     consistency evaluation passed. It has been unanimously recommended by domestic and foreign guidelines
     and expert consensus for breast cancer, lung cancer, gastric cancer and gynaecological tumours. In 2022,
     Keaili has completed contract renewal at the volume-based procurement of Henan Alliance with a significant
     price reduction, leading to a decrease in sales. With the volume-based procurement renewal price being fully
     implemented in other provinces in 2023, sales of Keaili will be under further pressure. Other than continued
     effort to promote the replacement of conventional paclitaxel drugs, the Group will vigorously expand the
     presence of Keaili in those provinces where it has not been selected at procurement before.


•    Duoenda is a class 2 new drug developed by the Group with patents in several countries. The product
     obtained official marketing approval for the treatment of relapsed/refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma in
     January 2022. It was included into the CSCO Guidelines for Lymphoma in April 2022 which recommends its
     usage for the treatment of relapsed/refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma (Grade 2A) and NKT lymphoma
     (Grade 2B). The newly established haematology sales team of the Group is responsible for the sales and
     promotion of Duoenda, which has now covered more than 500 hospitals.


•    Copiktra is the first approved dual PI3K δ/γ dual-target inhibitor in China. It achieves a balance between
     efficacy and safety by specifically acting on the δ and γ dual targets of PI3K signaling pathway, with
     recommendation by many domestic and foreign guidelines. After approval, sale and promotion of Copiktra
     has been incorporated into the haematology product pipeline. With the synergy from Duoenda, the product is
     entering into market rapidly.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022     11
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Anti-infective products
     Major products include Anfulike (安復利克 ®) (amphotericin B cholesteryl sulfate complex for injection), Shuluoke (舒羅
     克®) (meropenem for injection), Nuomoling (諾莫靈®) (amoxicillin capsules), Xianqu/Shiyao (先曲®/石藥 ®) (ceftriaxone
     sodium for injection), Xianwu (先伍 ®) (cefazolin sodium for injection), Zhongnuo Lixin (中諾立新 ®) (cefuroxime sodium
     for injection), Xinweihong (新維宏 ®) (azithromycin tablets) and Weihong (維宏 ®) (azithromycin dispersible tablets/
     capsules/enteric tablets).


     •      Anfulike is recommended jointly by the State Ministry of Industry and Health Care Commission as a “clinically
            urgent, market-deficient” product. It was granted drug registration approval with priority review in March 2021
            for the treatment of patients with invasive fungal infections. With modification of the product’s lipid structure,
            the metabolism and distribution characteristics of amphotericin B have been altered to reduce the incidence
            of nephrotoxicity and hypokalaemia. It can be used for the treatment of patients with renal impairment or
            drug toxicity which precludes the use of effective dose of amphotericin B, or patients who have failed in
            prior amphotericin B deoxycholate treatment. The drug accessibility of Anfulike is improved with its inclusion
            into the NRDL in December 2021. In the first year of its launch, the Group was dedicated to promoting the
            knowledge of the clinical benefits of the product among doctors. We are currently making every effort to
            expand the product’s market coverage and expand the clinical application in blood/infection/respiration
            diseases to accelerate the product’s growth.


     Cardiovascular
     Major products include Xuanning (玄寧 ®) (maleate levamlodipine tablets and dispersible tablets), Mingfule (銘復樂 ®)
     (recombinant human TNK tissue-type plasminogen activator for injection), Encun (恩存 ® ) (clopidogrel bisulfate
     tablets), Daxinning (達新寧 ®) (dronedarone hydrochloride tablets), Abikang (阿比康 ®) (aspirin enteric tablets) and
     Meiluolin (美洛林®) (ticagrelor tablets).


     •      Xuanning is mainly used for the treatment of hypertension, chronic stable angina and variant angina, and is
            a product in the NRDL and essential drug list. It is listed in the Guidelines for the Prevention and Treatment
            of Hypertension in China, Guidelines for the Rational Use of Drugs in Hypertension and other authoritative
            guidelines in China. Xuanning has obtained marketing approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
            (FDA) in December 2019, becoming the first Chinese innovative drug to be granted full approval by the FDA.
            The sales team of Xuanning adopts an integrated sales model of direct, cooperative and retail sales. It is also
            developing e-commerce sales channel in order to accelerate sales growth. In 2022, the sales of Xuanning
            remained stable.


     •      Mingfule is a third-generation thrombolytic drug with proprietary intellectual property mainly used for the
            thrombolysis treatment in patients with acute myocardial infarction. It has been listed as a recommended
            thrombolytic drug in the Chinese Expert Consensus on Pre-hospital Thrombolysis, Guidelines for Rational Use
            of Drugs for STEMI (201902) and other authoritative guidelines. Moreover, the Chinese Expert Consensus on
            Teneplase Intravenous Thrombolytic Therapy for Acute Ischemic Stroke published in December 2022 provides
            a basis for the clinical promotion of TNK as a thrombolytic drug. In 2022, the new indication application for
            marketing approval of Mingfule for the thrombolytic treatment in patients with acute ischemic stroke was
            submitted. The approval of this indication will greatly expand the market potential for the product.




12   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Respiratory
Major products include Qixiao (琦效 ® ) (arbidol hydrochloride tablets), Zhongnuo Like (中諾立克 ® ) (ambroxol
hydrochloride oral solution), Zhongnuoping (中諾平 ®) (ambroxol hydrochloride extendedrelease tablets), Qixin (琦昕 ®)
(Oseltamivir phosphate capsules) and Nuoyian (諾一安®) (montelukast sodium tablets/chewable tablets).


Digestion and metabolism
Major products include Linmeixin (林美欣 ® ) (glimepiride dispersible tablets), Shuanglexin (雙樂欣 ® ) (metformin
hydrochloride tablets/extended-release tablets) and Xinweiping (欣維平®) (acarbose tablets).


Other therapeutic areas
Major products include Gubang (固邦 ®) (alendronate sodium tablets/enteric tablets), Xianpai (先派 ®) (omeprazole
injections) and Qimaite (奇邁特®) (tramadol hydrochloride tablets).


Bulk Product Business
Vitamin C
Sales amounted to RMB2,529 million in 2022, representing an increase of 17.7%. During the year, both the
production volume and sales volume have increased, with the global market share further expanded. However,
product price has decreased due to changes in market environment. The Group will continue to develop new market,
optimise customer structure, expand overseas sales channel and focus on brand building to enhance its overall
competitive strength.


Antibiotics and Others
Sales amounted to RMB1,922 million in 2022, representing an increase of 15.1%, which was mainly attributable to
the increase in sales volume and prices of certain products. The Group will continue to enhance product chain and
product complementarity, promote registration in high-end market and steadily improve product quality.


Functional Food and Other Businesses
Sales from the business amounted to RMB1,966 million in 2022, representing an increase of 43.9%. During the
year, caffeine products recorded a satisfactory growth in both sales volume and average selling price, while sales
of Guoweikang (vitamin C health supplement product) declined to a certain extent. The Group will maintain stable
business growth through technology enhancement, cost control and market development.


Research and Development
The Group strongly believes that innovative research and development is the most important driver for future
development and continues to increase its investment in research and development. R&D expenses for the year 2022
amounted to RMB3,987 million (charged to income statement), representing an increase of 16.1% over 2021 and
accounting for approximately 16.3% of the revenue of the finished drug business. Currently, more than 50 key drug
candidates have entered clinical trial or registration stage, of which 9 have filed application for marketing approval,
16 have entered pivotal clinical trial or about to file application for marketing approval.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022     13
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Regulatory Updates:
     China
     •       In January 2022, Duoenda (多恩達 ® ) (mitoxantrone hydrochloride liposome injection), a self-developed
             oncology nanodrug of the Group, obtained marketing approval for the treatment of peripheral T-cell lymphoma
             (PTCL). Clinical studies have indicated that it has a significantly better efficacy than other drugs in treating
             patients with relapsed or refractory PTCL.


     •       In March 2022, Copiktra (克必妥®) (duvelisib capsules) obtained marketing approval for the treatment of adult
             patients with relapsed or refractory follicular lymphoma (FL) after at least two prior systemic therapies. The
             product is the first approved orally available dual PI3K-δ and PI3K-γ inhibitor worldwide, and is also the first
             approved PI3K selective inhibitor in China.


     •       In March 2023, COVID-19 mRNA vaccine (SYS6006) was included for emergency use in China for the
             prevention of COVID-19 caused by the infection of SARS-CoV-2.


     •       In January 2022, application for marketing approval of desvenlafaxine extended-release tablets for the
             treatment of depression was submitted (being the first submission of this product type in China).


     •       In April 2022, application for marketing approval of nanodrug irinotecan liposome for injection for the
             treatment of metastatic pancreatic cancer was submitted.


     •       In June 2022, application for marketing approval of narlumosbart for injection (JMT103) (recombinant fully
             human anti-RANKL monoclonal antibody for injection) for the treatment of unresectable or surgically difficult
             giant cell tumor of bone was submitted with priority review granted. The product is the first IgG4 subtype fully
             human monoclonal antibody against RANKL filing BLA in the world.


     •       In October 2022, application for marketing approval of paclitaxel for injection (albumin-bound) (II) for the
             treatment of breast cancer was submitted.


     •       In November 2022, new indication application for marketing approval of Mingfule (銘復樂 ®) (recombinant
             human TNK tissue-type plasminogen activator for injection) for the thrombolytic treatment in patients with
             acute ischemic stroke was submitted.


     •       In March 2023, application for marketing approval of enlonstobart for injection (recombinant fully human anti-
             PD-1 monoclonal antibody) for the treatment of recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer patients with positive
             PD-L1 expression who have failed first-line platinum-based chemotherapy was submitted with eligibility for
             conditional approval pathway.


     •       In March 2023, application for marketing approval of amphotericin B liposome for injection for the treatment of
             invasive fungal infection was submitted.




14   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



•    In March 2023, pre-NDA meeting with Centre for Drug Evaluation (CDE) of prusogliptin tablets (DBPR108) for
     the treatment of type 2 diabetes was completed.


•    In March 2023, application for pre-BLA meeting of recombinant anti-IgE monoclonal antibody for injection
     (SYSA1903) for the treatment of chronic spontaneous urticaria was submitted.


•    Since the beginning of 2022, 14 innovative drugs candidates have obtained clinical trial approval for their first
     indications and 10 additional indications have obtained clinical trial approval.


     First indication:
     Drug candidate                                               Indication
     SYHA1908 for injection                                       Advanced solid tumors
     Daunorubicin cytarabine liposome for injection               Acute myeloid leukemia
     Ustekinumab injection                                        Psoriasis
     SYS6006 for injection (SARS-COV-2 mRNA vaccine)              Prevention of Covid-19 infection
     Cisplatin micelle injection                                  Advanced solid tumors
     SYHX2005 tablets (FGFR4)                                     Advanced solid tumors
     SYHX2009 tablets (NTRK, ROS1)                                Advanced solid tumors
     SYS6002 injection (Nectin-4 ADC)                             Advanced solid tumors
     SYH2055 tablets (3CL)                                        Covid-19 infection
     SYH2043 tablets (CDK2/4/6)                                   Advanced solid tumors
     SYH2045 tablets (PRMT5)                                      Advanced solid tumors
     Meloxicam nanocrystal injection                              Postoperative analgesics
     Clevidipine injectable emulsion                              Hypertension
     Octreotide long-acting injection                             Acromegaly/NET


     Additional indication:
     Drug candidate                                               Indication
     Prostaglandin liposome for injection                         Contrast-induced acute kidney injury
     Mitoxantrone hydrochloride liposome injection                Neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder
     Mitoxantrone hydrochloride liposome injection                Advanced nasopharyngeal cancer
     TG103 injection                                              Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis
     TG103 injection                                              Alzheimer’s disease
     Recombinant humanized anti-HER2 monoclonal                   Salivary gland carcinomas
     antibody-MMAE conjugate for injection (DP303c)
     SYHX1901 tablets                                             Severe COVID-19
     ALMB-0166 injection                                          Osteoarthritis
     Enlonstobart for injection (Recombinant fully human          First-line treatment of cervical cancer
     anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody)
     Docetaxel for injection (albumin-bound)                      Combined therapy with SG001 and platinum
                                                                  agents (carboplatin/cisplatin) for perioperative
                                                                  treatment of NSCLC




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022    15
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     •     Since the beginning of 2022, 16 generic drugs have obtained drug registration approvals, including lenvatinib
           mesilate capsules, donepezil hydrochloride tablets, vortioxetine hydrobromide tablets, nifedipine controlled-
           release tablets, pramipexole dihydrochloride sustained-release tablets, lacosamide injection, zoledronic acid
           injection, doxofylline injection, tenofovir alafenamide fumarate tablets, esomeprazole sodium for injection,
           gabapentin capsules, moxifloxacin hydrochloride and sodium chloride injection, lenalidomide capsules,
           baloxavir marboxil tablets, tofacitinib citrate extended-release tablets and argatroban injection.


     The U.S.
     •     In January 2022, JMT601 (CPO107) was granted fast track designation for the treatment of adult patients
           with relapsed or refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. The drug candidate is the world’s first bispecific
           SIRPα fusion protein with synergised target binding effect which has entered clinical stage of development.
           Therapeutic targets include CD20 and CD47.


     •     In July 2022, docetaxel for injection (albumin-bound) was granted orphan-drug designation for the treatment
           of gastric cancer including cancer of gastroesophageal junction.


     •     Since the beginning of 2022, 2 innovative drug candidates, namely SYS6002 injection (Nectin-4 ADC) and
           NBL-020 injection (TNFR2), have obtained clinical trial approval.


     Major Clinical Trials Progress:
     SARS-CoV-2 mRNA vaccine (SYS6006)
     •     Phase I, II clinical studies and a heterologous booster immunization clinical study in China have been
           completed. With more than 5,500 people enrolled, the clinical studies have demonstrated its efficacy and
           safety. The Group has built a GMP-compliant production plant. Key raw materials and excipients are produced
           by the Group, which enables independent control in the supply chain and significantly lower production cost.


     Duoenda (多恩達 ®) (mitoxantrone hydrochloride liposome injection)
     •     At the annual meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) in June 2022, the results of a
           Phase Ib clinical trial for the treatment of platinum-refractory or platinum-resistant recurrent ovarian cancer
           were presented in E-poster; and the results of a Phase Ib clinical trial for the treatment of recurrent/metastatic
           squamous cell carcinoma of head and neck were presented online. Preliminary results indicate that Duoenda
           has a controllable safety profile and observable efficacy in both indications.


     •     At the annual meeting of the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) in September 2022, the results of
           a “dose escalation and dose expansion study of mitoxantrone hydrochloride liposome injection in combination
           with pegaspargase for the treatment of extranodal NK/T-cell lymphoma (ENKTCL)” were presented in the
           Mini Oral session. Preliminary results indicate that Duoenda in combination with pegaspargase has significant
           efficacy, especially for patients with primary ENKTCL, with controllable safety risks.


     •     A number of clinical trials in hematological tumors and solid tumors are currently underway. Of which, the
           first patient has been dosed in a phase III clinical trial for the treatment of patients with recurrent metastatic
           nasopharyngeal carcinoma who have failed platinum-based therapy.




16   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Mingfule (銘復樂 ®) (recombinant human TNK tissue-type plasminogen activator for injection)
•     In July 2022, Mingfule has met its predefined primary endpoint (the proportion of subjects with a mRS of 0
      to 1 at 90 days) in a Phase III clinical study for the treatment of acute ischemic stroke, demonstrating that
      Mingfule is non-inferior to alteplase in efficacy and has a trend of enhancement in efficacy, while the safety
      profile is similar to alteplase. The study results were published at the World Stroke Congress in Singapore
      in October 2022 and in The Lancet (IF202.731), a top international medical journal, in February 2023. This
      marked the first time for a cerebrovascular drug of a Chinese company with independent intellectual property
      rights to be reported in a top international medical journal.


•     A number of investigational studies initiated by experts in China are currently underway for the treatment of
      cerebral infarction, including bridging therapy, anti-bridging therapy, and therapy of extended thrombolytic
      time window. It is expected that results of these studies and the Phase III clinical trial will be able to change
      the relevant diagnosis and treatment guidelines.


Narlumosbart for injection (JMT103)
•     In March 2022, JMT103 has met its predefined endpoint in a pivotal trial for the treatment of unresectable
      or surgically difficult giant cell tumor of bone, demonstrating that JMT103 has a better clinical efficacy with
      a tumor response rate of 93.5%, and a trend higher than that of the denosumab group. Moreover, JMT103
      showed a good safety profile with controllable safety risks.


Prusogliptin tablets (DBPR108)
•     In August 2022, DBPR108 has met its predefined endpoints in two Phase III pivotal clinical trials for the
      treatment of type 2 diabetes. Results of the monotherapy trial demonstrated that in respect of the primary
      efficacy endpoint of the change in HbA1c between the end of 24 weeks and the baseline period, the
      DBPR108 group was significantly superior to the placebo group and was non-inferior to the active group of
      sitagliptin. Results of the combination trial demonstrated that in respect of the primary efficacy endpoint of the
      change in HbA1c between the end of 24 weeks and the baseline period, the DBPR108 group was significantly
      superior to the placebo group. In addition, safety profile of the DBPR108 group in the study was similar to the
      sitagliptin group and placebo group.


SYHA1813 oral liquid
•     At the annual meeting of the European Society of Medical Oncology (ESMO) in September 2022, the results
      of a dose escalation study of “Phase I clinical trial to evaluate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and
      preliminary efficacy of SYHA1813 oral liquid in treating patients with relapsed or advanced solid tumors” were
      presented in E-poster. Preliminary results indicated acceptable tolerability and preliminary antitumor activity for
      patients with relapsed high-grade glioma taking 15mg SYHA1813 oral liquid once every day.


Recombinant anti-IgE monoclonal antibody for injection (SYSA1903)
•     In March 2023, a phase III therapeutic bioequivalence study in comparison to the originator drug for the
      treatment of patients with chronic spontaneous urticaria who remain symptomatic despite H1 antihistamine
      treatment has met its predefined endpoint.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022      17
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Clinical Pipeline Overview:
     Registration and pivotal trial stage:
     Drug candidate                       Type                    Target                   Indication              Status
     Narlumosbart for injection           Biological drug         RANKL                    Giant cell tumor of     BLA
     (Recombinant fully human anti-       (monoclonal                                      bone                    submitted
     RANKL monoclonal antibody for        antibody)
     injection)
     Irinotecan liposome for injection    Nanodrug                DNA topoisomerase        Pancreatic cancer       NDA
                                                                  inhibitors                                       submitted
     Desvenlafaxine succinate extended    Chemical drug           5-Hydroxytryptamine and Depression               NDA
     release tablets                                              norepinephrine reuptake                          submitted
                                                                  inhibitors
     Rezetinib mesylate capsules          Chemical drug           EGFR                     Non-small cell lung     NDA
                                                                                           cancer                  submitted
     Recombinant human TNK tissue-        Biological drug       Plasminogen                Acute ischemic          BLA
     type plasminogen activator for       (recombinant protein)                            stroke                  submitted
     injection (rhTNK-tPA)
     Paclitaxel for injection (albumin-   Nanodrug                Microtubule inhibitor    Breast cancer           NDA
     bound) (II)                                                                                                   submitted
     Amphotericin B liposome for          Nanodrug                Anti-infective,          Invasive fungal         NDA
     injection                                                    nonspecific drug         infection               submitted
     Enlonstobart (recombinant fully      Biological drug         PD-1                     Cervical cancer         BLA
     human anti-PD-1 monoclonal           (monoclonal                                                              submitted
     antibody for injection)              antibody)
     Prusogliptin tablets (DBPR108)       Chemical drug           DPP-4 inhibitor          Diabetes                Pre-NDA
                                                                                                                   submitted
     Recombinant anti-IgE monoclonal      Biological drug         IgE                      Urticaria               Pre-BLA
     antibody for injection               (monoclonal                                                              submitted
                                          antibody)
     Batoclimab (HBM9161)                 Biological drug         FcRn                     Myasthenia gravis       Pre-BLA
                                          (monoclonal                                                              submitted
                                          antibody)
     Recombinant humanized anti-          Biological drug         EGFR                     EGFR exon 20            Pivotal trial
     epidermal growth factor receptor     (monoclonal                                      insertion mutation in
     monoclonal antibody for injection    antibody)                                        non-small cell lung
     (JMT101)                                                                              cancer
     KN026 for injection                  Biological drug         HER2 bispecific antibody Gastric cancer          Pivotal trial
                                          (bispecific antibody)
     Recombinant humanized anti-          Biological drugs        HER2 ADC                 Breast cancer           Pivotal trial
     HER2 monoclonal antibody-MMAE        (ADC)
     conjugate for injection (DP303c)
     SYSA1501 for injection SYSA1801
     for injection




18   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Drug candidate                      Type              Target                   Indication             Status
Pertuzumab for injection            Biological drug   HER2                     HER2 positive breast Pivotal trial
                                    (monoclonal                                cancer
                                    antibody)
SKLB1028 capsules                   Chemical drug     FLT3, Abl, Lyn, EGFR     Acute myeloid          Pivotal trial
                                                                               leukaemia
HA121-28 tablets                    Chemical drug     RET, EGFR, VEGFR,        Non-small cell lung  Pivotal trial
                                                      FGFR                     cancer with RET
                                                                               gene fusion mutation
SYH2055 tablets                     Chemical drug     3CL protease inhibitor   High risk COVID-19     Pivotal trial
Daunorubicin cytarabine liposome    Nanodrug          RNA polymerase inhibitor Leukemia               Pivotal trial
for injection                                         DNA polymerase inhibitor
Docetaxel for injection (albumin-   Nanodrug          Microtubule inhibitor    Pancreatic cancer,     Pivotal trial
bound)                                                                         head and neck
                                                                               squamous cell
                                                                               carcinoma
TG103 injection                     Biological drug   GLP1-Fc                  Weight loss            Pivotal trial
                                    (monoclonal
                                    antibody)
Butylphthalide soft capsules        Chemical drug                              Vascular dementia      Pivotal trial
Clevidipine injectable emulsion     Nanodrug          Calcium channel blocker Hypertension            Pivotal trial
Meloxicam nanocrystal injection     Nanodrug          Cyclooxygenase-2         Chronic pain           Pivotal trial
                                                      (COX-2) inhibitor




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022   19
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Products in other clinical stage:
     Drug candidate                                                        Type                          Therapeutic
                                                                                                         Area
     Ammuxetine hydrochloride enteric tablets                              Chemical drug                 Psychiatry
     Butylphthalide soft capsules (China and US)                           Chemical drug                 Neurology
     Simmitinib hydrochloride tablets, SYHA1801 capsules,                  Chemical drug                 Oncology
     SYHA1803 capsules, SYHA1807 capsules, SYHA1811 tablets,
     SYHA1813 oral liquid, SYHA1815 tablets, SYHX1903 tablets,
     SYHX2001 tablets, SYHX2005 tablets, SYHX2009 tablets,
     SYHX2043 tablets, SYHX2045 tablets
     SYHA1402 tablets, SYHA1805 tablets                                    Chemical drug                 Metabolism
     SYHX1901 tablets                                                      Chemical drug                 Immunity
     Octreotide long-acting injection                                      Chemical drug                 Endocrine
     JMT601 for injection (China and US)                                   Biological drug (bispecific   Oncology
                                                                           antibody)
     SYS6002 for injection, SYSA1801 for injection (China and US)          Biological drug (ADC)         Oncology
     ALMB0168 for injection, NBL-015 for injection (China and US),         Biological drug (monoclonal   Oncology
     NBL-020 for injection (China and US)                                  antibody)
     ALMB0166 for injection                                                Biological drug (monoclonal   Central nervous
                                                                           antibody)                     system
     CM310 for injection, CM326 for injection, NBL-012 for injection       Biological drug (monoclonal   Immunity
     (China and US), ustekinumab injection                                 antibody)
     Paclitaxel cationic liposome for injection, sirolimus for injection   Nanodrug                      Oncology
     (albumin-bound), SYHA1908 for injection, cisplatin micelle
     injection
     Prostaglandin liposome for injection                                  Nanodrug                      Cardiovascular


     Awards and Patents:
     •     In January 2022, CSPC was rated excellent with number six in overall ranking and number one in the
           pharmaceutical industry in the evaluation results of the 2021 National Enterprise Technology Center released
           by the National Development and Reform Commission.


     •     In April 2022, the project “Key Technology and Industrialization Research of Albumin-bound Nanodrug
           Delivery” once again won the Science and Technology Progress First Class Award of Hebei Province (河北省
           科技進步一等獎), winning the highest honour of provincial science and technology award for two consecutive
           years.


     •     41 international PCT applications and 214 patent applications (148 domestic and 66 overseas) have been
           filed, and 58 patents (36 domestic and 22 overseas) have been granted.




20   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



The Group is expected to launch more than 40 innovative and new-formulation drugs, and over 60 generic drugs
within the next five years. Of which, mitoxantrone liposomes, docetaxel albumin nanoparticles, sirolimus albumin
nanoparticles, cisplatin micelle, and paclitaxel albumin nanoparticles (fast-dissolving) developed based on the
nanotechnology platform, the ultra-long-acting GLP1-IgD/IgG4 Fc fusion protein in the field of metabolism, the
world’s new CX43 inhibiting and antagonizing antibody, the new ADC and ISAC based on enzymatic site-specific
conjugation, the CD20/CD47 bispecific antibodies based on novel asymmetric structure, as well as the mRNA
vaccine which offers protection against Covid-19 variants and small nucleic acid drugs (dosed semi-annually) are
all heavyweight products with global patents and great market value. The launch of these new products will provide
strong support to the Group’s high-quality growth in the future.


Business Development
While continuing to enhance in-house innovation and R&D capabilities, the Group is also driving forward its business
development efforts. We will seek to further strengthen the product pipeline and create new growth drivers through
cooperation with biotech companies having high-quality drug candidates. In addition, we will actively promote
internationalisation of the business by out-licensing the Group’s innovative products.


Equity Acquisition:
•      In February 2022, the Group completed the acquisition of 51% equity interest in Guangzhou Recomgen
       Biotech Co., Ltd. (now renamed as CSPC Recomgen Pharmaceutical (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. with equity
       interest increasing to 54.8%). Its marketed product Mingfule (銘復樂®) (recombinant human TNK tissue-type
       plasminogen activator for injection) is a third-generation specific thrombolytic drug with intellectual property
       rights.


In-Licensing:
•      In October 2022, the Group entered into an exclusive license agreement with Harbour Biomed (Shanghai) Co.,
       Ltd., to obtain the right to develop, manufacture and commercialize batoclimab (HBM9161) in Greater China.
       The Phase III clinical trial for the indication of myasthenia gravis (MG) has achieved positive topline results,
       meeting the primary endpoint and the key secondary endpoint. Application for pre-BLA meeting has been
       submitted. There are five other indications in different clinical stages. The product has the potential to be a
       breakthrough treatment for a wide spectrum of autoimmune diseases in Greater China.


Out-Licensing:
•      In July 2022, the Group entered into an exclusive license agreement with Elevation Oncology, Inc. in the U.S.
       to out-license the development and commercialization rights of the Group’s SYSA1801 (Claudin 18.2 ADC)
       outside of Greater China. The Group has received an upfront payment of US$27 million and is also eligible to
       receive up to US$148 million in potential development and regulatory milestone payments and up to US$1.02
       billion in potential sales milestone payments, as well as tiered sales royalties.


•      In January 2023, the Group entered into an exclusive license agreement with Corbus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
       in the U.S. to out-license the development and commercialization rights of the Group’s SYS6002 (Nectin-4
       ADC) in the United States, EU countries, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, lceland, Liechtenstein, Norway
       and Switzerland. The Group will receive upfront payments of US$7.5 million and is also eligible to receive up
       to US$130 million in potential development and regulatory milestone payments and up to US$555 million in
       potential sales milestone payments, as well as tiered sales royalties.

                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022     21
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Financial Review
     Financial Results
     Revenue and Gross Profit Margin
     Revenue for the year amounted to RMB30,937 million, an increase of 11.0% compared to RMB27,867 million in
     2021. The increase was mainly due to the 8.1%, 16.5% and 43.9% growth in the finished drug business, bulk
     product business and functional food and others business, respectively. Gross profit margin decreased by 3.9
     percentage point to 71.9%, which was mainly attributable to the change in revenue mix and decline in selling prices
     of vitamin C products during the year.


     Other Income
     Other income for the year amounted to RMB604 million (2021: RMB411 million), mainly consisting of interest income
     on bank balances of RMB243 million (2021: RMB183 million) and government grant income of RMB195 million (2021:
     RMB96 million).


     Other gains and losses
     Other gains and losses for the year reported a net gain of RMB291 million (2021: RMB243 million), mainly consisting
     of fair value gain on financial assets measured at FVTPL of RMB101 million (2021: RMB205 million), fair value gain on
     structured deposits of RMB117 million (2021: RMB82 million) and net foreign exchange gain of RMB118 million (2021:
     loss of RMB36 million).


     Operating Expenses
     Selling and distribution expenses for the year amounted to RMB10,337 million, a slight decrease of 1.0% compared
     to RMB10,443 million in 2021. During the year, the Group continued to further grow its market coverage and
     promote the newly launched finished drug products. With efforts made by the Group to enhance the efficiency of the
     marketing activities, a lower ratio of selling and distribution expenses to revenue has been achieved in 2022.


     Administrative expenses for the year amounted to RMB1,173 million, an increase of 16.1% compared to RMB1,010
     million in 2021. The increase was mainly due to the expanding operation of the Group and employee share-based
     compensation expense recognised in respect of the share awards granted to selected employees of the Group by
     Key Honesty Limited (a shareholder of the Company) during 2022.


     R&D expenses for the year amounted to RMB3,987 million, an increase of 16.1% compared to RMB3,433 million in
     2021. The increase was primarily attributable to the increased spending on ongoing and newly initiated clinical trials.


     Income tax expense
     Income tax expenses for the year amounted to RMB1,350 million (2021: RMB1,159 million), which represented
     provision of income tax expense based on the taxable income of the subsidiaries and PRC withholding tax on
     dividend distributions by certain subsidiaries.




22   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Non-HKFRS Measure
For the purpose of assessing the performance of the Group, the Company has also presented the underlying profit
attributable to shareholders as an additional financial measure, which is not required by, or presented in accordance
with the Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”). The Group believes that this non-HKFRS financial
measure better reflects the underlying operational performance of the Group by eliminating certain non-cash and/or
non-operating items which the Group does not consider indicative of the Group’s operational performance. However,
the presentation of this non-HKFRS financial measure is not intended to be a substitute for, or superior to, the
financial information prepared and presented in accordance with HKFRS.


Additional information is provided below to reconcile the profit attributable to shareholders as reported and the
underlying profit attributable to shareholders (a non-HKFRS financial measure):


                                                                                             2022                       2021
                                                                                         (RMB’000)                  (RMB’000)

Profit attributable to shareholders                                                      6,091,390                  5,605,185
Adjustment for:
– Fair value gain on financial assets measured at FVTPL (note a)                           (100,905)                 (205,040)
– Employee share-based compensation expense (note b)                                        160,726                     17,732
– Gains on deemed disposal of partial interest in an associate and                          (48,065)                   (13,092)
     a joint venture
– Gain on disposal of a joint venture                                                             –                    (24,273)
– Effect of corresponding income tax                                                          2,579                     37,388

Underlying profit attributable to shareholders                                           6,105,725                  5,417,900


Notes:


(a)      Fair value gain on financial assets measured at FVTPL is arisen from the measurement of the Group’s investments in certain
         partnerships, funds and listed equity securities at fair value.


(b)      Out of the total employee share-based compensation expense recognised in 2022, RMB150 million was in respect of share
         awards granted to selected employees of the Group by Key Honesty Limited (a shareholder of the Company) during 2022.




                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022       23
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Liquidity and Financial Position
     For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s operating activities generated a cash inflow of RMB7,627 million
     (2021: RMB4,637 million). Turnover days of trade receivables (ratio of balance of trade receivables to sales, inclusive
     of value added tax for sales in China) were 44 days compared to 40 days in 2021. Turnover days of inventories (ratio
     of balance of inventories to cost of sales) decreased from 134 days in 2021 to 107 days. Current ratio was 2.7 as
     of 31 December 2022, slightly lower than 2.8 a year ago. Capital expenditure for the year amounted to RMB1,823
     million, which were mainly spent to construct production facilities and improve production efficiency.


     The Group’s financial position remained solid. As of 31 December 2022, the Group had bank balances, deposits
     and cash of RMB10,498 million (2021: RMB9,684 million), structured bank deposits of RMB3,575 million (2021:
     RMB1,443 million) and bank borrowings of RMB182 million (2021: nil). As of 31 December 2022, gearing ratio (ratio
     of bank borrowings to total equity) was 0.6% (2021: nil).


     The Group’s sales are primarily denominated in Renminbi for domestic sales in China and US dollars for export sales.
     The Group manages its foreign exchange risks by closely monitoring its foreign exchange exposures and mitigating
     the impact of foreign currency fluctuations by using appropriate hedging arrangements when considered necessary.


     Pledge of Assets
     None of the Group’s assets were charged to any third parties as of 31 December 2022.


     Contingent Liabilities
     The Group did not have any material contingent liabilities as of 31 December 2022.


     Dividend Policy
     It is the present intention of the Board to provide shareholders with regular dividends with a normal target payout
     ratio of not less than 30 per cent of the Group’s core profit on a full year basis. The actual amount of dividend will
     depend on a number of factors including but not limited to financial results, financial position and funding needs of
     the Group.




24   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Employees
The Group employed a total of 24,837 employees as of 31 December 2022, with a majority of them employed in
mainland China. The Group continues to offer competitive remuneration packages, discretionary share options, share
awards and bonuses to eligible staff, based on the performance of the Group and the individual employee.


In order to retain and motivate the employees of the Group for its continual operation and development,
Key Honesty Limited (“Key Honesty”), a shareholder of the Company which is indirectly wholly-owned by
Mr. Cai Dongchen (Chairman of the Board), has granted conditional share awards to selected employees
of the Group during 2022 in respect of the existing issued shares of the Company held by Key Honesty.
The respective awarded shares will be vested and transferred to the grantees within 3 to 5 years from the
date of grant at a transfer price of HK$2.95 per share subject to the fulfilment of certain conditions. As of
31 December 2022, there were 206,050,000 unvested awarded shares.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022    25
     Corporate Governance Report

     Corporate Governance Practices
     The Board believes that good corporate governance practices are essential to the sustainable development of the
     Company and the enhancement of shareholders’ value. The Company is committed to achieving high standard of
     corporate governance and will review its corporate governance practices from time to time to ensure they reflect the
     latest development and meet the expectations of the investors.


     The Company has complied with all the code provisions in the Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”) set out
     in Appendix 14 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
     “Listing Rules”) throughout the year ended 31 December 2022 except the deviation from code provision C.2.1 as set
     out under “Chairman and Chief Executive Officer”.


     Board of Directors
     As at the date of this report, the Board comprises nine executive directors and six independent non-executive
     directors. Two of the independent non-executive directors have the appropriate professional accounting qualification
     and experience. The biographical details of the directors are set out on pages 41 to 44 of this annual report. There is
     no financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship between Board members.


     The Company has complied with Rule 3.10 of the Listing Rules in relation to the requirement of independent non-
     executive directors. All independent non-executive directors meet the guidelines for assessing independence set out
     in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company has received annual confirmation of independence from each of the
     independent non-executive directors and they are considered to be independent.


     Following the resignation of Ms. Wu Guizhen as an independent non-executive director on 1 August 2022, the
     Company has a single gender board which does not meet the requirement under Rule 13.92 of the Listing Rules.
     With the appointment of Ms. Li Quan as independent non-executive director on 8 November 2022, the Board has
     achieved gender diversity and thus fulfils the requirement under Rule 13.92 of the Listing Rules.


     The Board is responsible for establishing strategic directions, setting objectives and business plans, and overseeing
     financial and operational performance. The management of the Company’s subsidiaries are responsible for the day-
     to-day management and operation of the respective individual business units.




26   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report



The Board meets regularly to review the financial and operating performance of the Group. Four regular Board
meetings were held at approximately quarterly interval in 2022.


Attendance record of directors in 2022:


                                                                                           Audit Remuneration     Nomination
Directors                                                     AGM           Board    Committee      Committee     Committee


Number of Meetings                                                1             4             4              3             3


Executive Directors:
Cai Dongchen                                                    1/1           4/4                                        3/3
Zhang Cuilong                                                   1/1           4/4
Wang Zhenguo                                                    1/1           4/4
Pan Weidong                                                     0/1           4/4
Wang Huaiyu                                                     0/1           4/4
Li Chunlei                                                      0/1           4/4
Wang Qingxi                                                     1/1           4/4
Chak Kin Man                                                    1/1           4/4
Jiang Hao                                                       1/1           4/4


Independent Non-Executive Directors:
Wang Bo                                                         1/1           4/4            4/4           3/3           3/3
Chen Chuan                                                      1/1           4/4            4/4           3/3           3/3
Wang Hongguang                                                  1/1           4/4
Au Chun Kwok Alan                                               1/1           4/4            4/4           3/3
Law Cheuk Kin Stephen                                           1/1           4/4
Li Quan1                                                        0/0           1/1
Wu Guizhen2                                                     0/0           0/0

1          Ms. Li Quan was appointed as an independent non-executive director on 8 November 2022.
2          Ms. Wu Guizhen was appointed as an independent non-executive director on 27 May 2022 and resigned on 1 August 2022.


Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Code provision C.2.1 of the Code stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate
and should not be performed by the same individual. During the period from 1 January 2022 to 26 May 2022, Mr.
Cai Dongchen, the Company’s Chairman, also assumed the role as the chief executive officer of the Company.
The Company believes that vesting both roles in Mr. Cai would allow for more effective planning and execution of
business strategies. As all major decisions are made in consultation with members of the Board, the Company
believes that there is adequate balance of power and authority in place. On 27 May 2022, Mr. Zhang Cuilong was
appointed as the chief executive officer in place of Mr. Cai Dongchen, and Mr. Cai Dongchen would remain as the
executive director and Chairman of the Company. Thereafter, Mr. Cai Dongchen no longer performs the roles of
chairman and chief executive officer concurrently.



                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022      27
     Corporate Governance Report



     Non-Executive Directors
     Each of the independent non-executive directors (except Ms. Li Quan) has entered into a service contract with the
     Company for a term of three years subject to the requirement that one-third of all the directors shall retire from office
     by rotation at each annual general meeting pursuant to the Articles of Association of the Company.

     Ms. Li Quan has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company pursuant to which she has been appointed
     as an independent non-executive director without a specific term and subject to the requirement that one-third of all
     the directors shall retire from office by rotation at the annual general meeting pursuant to the Articles of Association
     of the Company.

     Board Diversity Policy
     The Company has adopted a board diversity policy which sets out the approach to achieve and maintain diversity on
     the Board in order to enhance the effectiveness of the Board. Pursuant to the policy, the Company seeks to achieve
     Board diversity through the consideration of a number of factors, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural
     and education background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service.

     The Board consists of a diverse mix of members in terms of age, gender, skills, expertise and professional
     experience. Currently, the Board has 14 male members and 1 female member. The Company is committed to
     improving the diversity of the Board based on its needs and as and when suitable candidates are identified.

     As of 31 December 2022, the Group has 24,837 employees in total comprising 12,762 females and 12,075 males (a
     female-to-male ratio of 1.06), reflecting a gender equality principle generally adhered by the Company.

     During the year under review, the Nomination Committee has considered and reviewed the board diversity policy and
     considered that the policy is suitable and effective.

     Remuneration Committee
     The Remuneration Committee comprises three independent non-executive directors, namely Mr. Au Chun Kwok Alan
     (Chairman), Mr. Wang Bo and Mr. Chen Chuan.

     The responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee include, but not limited to, making recommendations to the
     Board on (i) the policy and structure for the remuneration of directors and senior management; (ii) the establishment
     of a formal and transparent procedure for developing remuneration policy; (iii) the remuneration packages of individual
     executive directors and senior management having regard to the individual performance and responsibilities, the
     Company’s operating results, return to shareholders and comparable market statistics; (iv) the remuneration of non-
     executive directors; and (v) reviewing and/or approving matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the
     Listing Rules. By providing remuneration at competitive market level, the Company seeks to attract, motivate and
     retain key executives essential to its future development and growth.

     The Remuneration Committee held three meetings in 2022 to consider and make recommendations to the Board
     on the existing policy and structure for the remuneration of directors and senior management, and the remuneration
     packages of existing and new directors.

     The Group’s business is under the direct responsibility of the executive directors who are the senior management of
     the Company. Details of the amount of directors’ emoluments for the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out in
     note 9 to the financial statements.



28   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report



Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee comprises a majority of independent non-executive directors. Its current members
include Mr. Cai Dongchen (Chairman), Mr. Wang Bo and Mr. Chen Chuan.


The responsibilities of the Nomination Committee include, but not limited to, (i) reviewing the structure, size,
and composition (including the skills, knowledge, experience and diversity profile) of the Board and making
recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategy; (ii)
identifying suitable director candidates and selecting or making recommendation to the Board on the selection of
individuals nominated for directorships; (iii) assessing the independence of independent non-executive directors; and
(iv) reviewing the nomination policy and board diversity policy of the Company periodically and make recommendation
on any proposed revisions to the Board.


The Nomination Committee held three meetings in 2022 to review the structure, size and composition of the Board,
assess the independence of independent non-executive directors and make recommendation to the Board on the re-
appointment of directors and appointment of new directors in accordance with the nomination policy. The Company
has adopted a nomination policy which sets out the selection criteria (including but not limited to work experience,
cultural and education background, reputation, professional experience, length of service, gender and age of the
candidate) and nomination process of directors.


Audit Committee
The Audit Committee comprises three independent non-executive directors, namely Mr. Au Chun Kwok Alan
(Chairman), Mr. Wang Bo and Mr. Chen Chuan.


The responsibilities of the Audit Committee include, but not limited to, (i) assisting the Board in providing an
independent review of the effectiveness of the financial reporting process, risk management and internal control
systems of the Group; (ii) overseeing the audit process; (iii) reviewing the completeness, accuracy, clarity and
fairness of the Company’s financial statements; (iv) reviewing and monitoring connected transactions; (v) making
recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external auditor; (vi)
approving the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditor; and (vii) assessing the independence
and objectivity of the external auditor.


The Audit Committee held four meetings in 2022 and performed the duties summerised below:


•      review and make recommendations to the Board for the approval of the quarterly, interim and annual financial
       statements of the Group;
•      review the connected transactions of the Group;
•      assess the performance of the external auditor and approve its remuneration;
•      assess the independence and objectivity of the external auditor; and
•      review the effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems of the Group.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022     29
     Corporate Governance Report



     Directors’ Securities Transactions
     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
     Code”) set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules. In response to specific enquires made, all directors confirmed
     that they have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code throughout the year ended 31
     December 2022.


     Directors’ Continuous Professional Development
     All directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their
     knowledge and skills. All directors have been updated on the latest developments regarding the Listing Rules and
     other applicable regulatory requirements to ensure compliance and enhance their awareness of good corporate
     governance practices.


     Details of the participation in continuous professional development of the existing directors in 2022 are summarized
     in the table below.


                                                                                               Reading regulatory
                                                                                               update or materials
                                                                       Attending                  relevant to the
                                                                    training course/              Company or its
                                                              seminar/forum/conference               business


     Executive Directors:
     Cai Dongchen                                                           ✓                            ✓
     Zhang Cuilong                                                          ✓                            ✓
     Wang Zhenguo                                                           ✓                            ✓
     Pan Weidong                                                            ✓                            ✓
     Wang Huaiyu                                                            ✓                            ✓
     Li Chunlei                                                             ✓                            ✓
     Wang Qingxi                                                            ✓                            ✓
     Chak Kin Man                                                           ✓                            ✓
     Jiang Hao                                                              ✓                            ✓


     Independent Non-Executive Directors:
     Wang Bo                                                                ✓                            ✓
     Chen Chuan                                                             ✓                            ✓
     Wang Hongguang                                                         ✓                            ✓
     Au Chun Kwok Alan                                                      ✓                            ✓
     Law Cheuk Kin Stephen                                                  ✓                            ✓
     Li Quan                                                                ✓                            ✓




30   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report



Mechanism on Independent Views to the Board
The Board has adopted effective mechanism to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board.
Subject to approval of the Chairman of the Board, directors may seek, at the Company’s expense, independent
legal, financial or other professional advice from advisors independent to those advising the Company as and when
necessary to enable them to discharge their responsibilities effectively. The Board will review the implementation and
effectiveness of such mechanism on an annual basis.


The Board has reviewed the validity of implementation of such mechanism during the year and considered that such
mechanism is effective.


Risk Management and Internal Controls
The Board has overall responsibility for overseeing the Group’s risk management and internal control systems, and
reviewing their effectiveness. Such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve
business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or
loss.


Effective risk management is the key to sustainable business success. As a major pharmaceutical group based in
mainland China, the Group faces a diverse range of risks and uncertainties that could have a materially adverse
impact on the business or results of operations. The Group’s approach to risk management is therefore an ongoing
process of identification, evaluation and management of the principal risks affecting the business.


Risk Management Framework
1.      Each business unit is responsible for identifying, assessing and managing risks within its business, ensuring
        that appropriate internal controls for effective risk management are implemented - principal risks are identified
        and assessed in the yearly business planning process with action plans to manage those risks;


2.      The management is responsible for overseeing the risk management and internal control activities of the
        Group - regular meetings with each business unit to ensure principal risks are properly managed, and new or
        changing risks are identified;


3.      The Board is responsible for reviewing and approving the effectiveness and adequacy of the Group’s risk
        management and internal control systems - review of the annual review report and consideration of the Audit
        Committee’s recommendation.


The risk management framework, coupled with our internal controls, ensures that the risks associated with our
different business units are effectively controlled in line with the Group’s risk appetite.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022    31
     Corporate Governance Report



     Internal Control System
     The internal control system of the Group is designed to facilitate effective and efficient operations, ensure the
     maintenance of proper accounting records, ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, identify
     and manage potential risks and safeguard assets of the Group. The management is responsible for the design,
     implementation and maintenance of internal controls, while the Audit Committee and the Board review the
     effectiveness of the Group’s systems of internal controls and risk management through the assistance of the internal
     audit function.


     During 2022, the Group’s internal audit function (undertaken by the Internal Audit Department, and Supervision
     and Security Department) has conducted an annual review of the effectiveness of the risk management and
     internal control systems of the Group, covering all material financial, operational and compliance controls, and risk
     management. In addition, the review has considered the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience,
     training programs and budget of the accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions. The review report
     was submitted to the Audit Committee and the Board for their review.


     Apart from review of the annual review report submitted by the internal audit function, the Audit Committee also had
     regular meetings with the external auditor and reviewed the reports provided by the external auditor of any control
     issues or findings identified in the course of their work. The Audit Committee has also requested the management
     to follow up the recommendations given by the external auditor to remedy the control issues identified or to further
     improve the internal control system.


     The Board formed its own view on the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems based on
     the review of the annual review report and the recommendation of the Audit Committee.


     In respect of the year ended 31 December 2022, the Board considered the risk management and internal control
     systems of the Group effective and adequate. No significant areas of concern that may affect the financial,
     operational, compliance controls, and risk management of the Group have been identified. The Board also
     considered the resources, qualification and experience, training programs and budget of the Group’s accounting,
     internal audit and financial reporting functions adequate. Nevertheless, the Group would take further steps to
     continually improve its risk management and internal control systems.


     Anti-corruption Policy and Whistleblowing Policy
     The Company has adopted an anti-corruption policy to govern acceptance of advantages by employees and a
     whistleblowing policy to provide guidance to employees and external stakeholders to report concerns about any
     suspected or actual improprieties relating to the Group.


     Dissemination of Inside Information
     The Company is committed to a consistent practice of timely, accurate and sufficiently detailed disclosure of material
     information about the Group. The Company has adopted a Policy on Disclosure of Inside Information which sets out
     the obligations, guidelines and procedures for handling and dissemination of inside information. With those guidelines
     and procedures, the Group has management controls in place to ensure that potential inside information can be
     promptly identified, assessed and escalated for the attention of the Board to decide about the need for disclosure.




32   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report



Corporate Governance Functions
The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance duties as set out below:


•       d e v e l o p a n d re v i e w t h e C o m p a n y ’s p o l i c i e s a n d p r a c t i c e s o n c o r p o r a t e g o v e r n a n c e a n d m a k e
        recommendations;
•       review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of directors and senior
        management;
•       review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
        requirements;
•       develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and
        directors; and
•       review the Company’s compliance with the Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report under
        Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules.


The Board has performed the above duties during the year.


External Auditor
The Company has engaged Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as its external auditor. The remuneration for audit and non-
audit services provided by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu to the Group in 2022 are as follows:


Nature of services                                                                                                                            RMB’000


Audit services                                                                                                                                     7,339
Non-audit services
— Tax advisory and compliance                                                                                                                        467

Total                                                                                                                                              7,806


During the year, the Audit Committee has received confirmation from and discussed with Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
on its independence. Deloittee Touche Tohmatsu has adopted a seven-year rotation policy regarding engagement
partner. As the current engagement partner has served on the audit of the Company since 2021, a new engagement
partner will be assigned to the Company in 2028.


Financial Reporting
The Directors’ responsibilities for the financial statements are set out on page 52 and the responsibilities of the
external auditor are set out on page 53 of this annual report.


There are no material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.




                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022            33
     Corporate Governance Report



     Company Secretary
     Mr. Lo Tai On, the Company Secretary, is a member of The Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He
     is a director of Fair Wind Secretarial Services Limited, a company rendering secretarial services, and is not a full-time
     employee of the Company. He reports to the Board and the primary contact person of the Company with Mr. Lo is
     Mr. Chak Kin Man, an executive director of the Company. During 2022, Mr. Lo has confirmed that he has taken no
     less than 15 hours of relevant professional training.


     Communications with Shareholders
     The objective of communications with shareholders is to provide them with detailed information about the Company
     so that they can exercise their rights as shareholders in an informed manner. The Company uses a range of
     communication tools to ensure its shareholders and investors are kept well informed of key business imperatives.
     These include general meetings, interim and annual reports, announcements and circulars.


     The Company also actively attends different forms of investors’ communication activities, including meetings with
     investors, telephone conferences, activities organized by sell side institutions and non-deal roadshows, with the aim
     to enhance corporate transparency so that investors can have a better understanding of the business model and
     latest development strategy of the Group. During 2022, management of the Company has attended more than 300
     one-on-one and group meetings.


     In addition, the Company maintains a website at www.cspc.com.hk as a communication platform with shareholders
     and investors, where the Group’s business developments and operations, financial information, corporate
     governance practices and other key information are available for public access.


     In order to enable shareholders and investors to exercise their rights in an informed manner and to allow them to
     engage actively with the Company, a shareholders communication policy of the Company has been established.
     Shareholders and investors may at any time send their enquiries and concerns to the Company via the Company’s
     website. Shareholders may also make enquiries with the Board at the general meetings of the Company.


     The Board has reviewed the validity of implementation of the shareholders’ communication policy during the year and
     considered that it remained effective in enhancing timely, transparent, accurate and open communication between
     the Company and the shareholders.


     General Meeting on Requisition by Shareholders
     Pursuant to Sections 566-568 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), shareholder(s)
     representing at least 5% of the total voting rights of all shareholders having a right to vote at general meetings can
     make a request to call a general meeting. The request, which may be sent in hard copy form or electronic form, must
     state the general nature of the business to be dealt with at the meeting and must be authenticated by the person
     or persons making it. The request may consist of several documents in like form and may include the text of a
     resolution that may properly be moved and is intended to be moved at the meeting.




34   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report



The directors must call a general meeting within 21 days after the date on which they become subject to the
requirement, and the meeting so called must be held on a date not more than 28 days after the date of the notice
convening the meeting. If the directors do not do so, the shareholders who requested the meeting, or any of them
representing more than one half of the total voting rights of all of them, may themselves call a general meeting,
but the meeting must be called for a date not more than 3 months after the date on which the directors become
subject to the requirement to call a meeting. The Company must reimburse any reasonable expenses incurred by the
shareholders requesting the meeting by reason of the failure of the directors duly to call the meeting.


Procedures for Putting Forward Proposal at Annual General Meeting (“AGM”)
Pursuant to Section 615 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), shareholders may
make a request to circulate a resolution at an AGM if they represent at least 2.5% of the total voting rights of all
shareholders having a right to vote on the resolution at the AGM to which the request relates; or are at least 50
shareholders having a right to vote on the resolution at the AGM to which the request relates.


The request, which may be sent in hard copy form or electronic form, must (i) identify the resolution of which notice
is to be given; (ii) be authenticated by the person or persons making it; and (iii) be received by the Company not later
than 6 weeks before the AGM to which the request relates or if later, the time at which notice is given of that AGM.


Procedures for Nominating a Person for Election as a Director
The procedures for shareholders to nominate a person for election as a director have been published on the
Company’s website.


2022 General Meeting
At the annual general meeting held in May 2022, separate resolution was proposed by the chairman in respect
of each separate issue, including re-election of directors, and voted by way of poll. The Company announced the
results of the poll in the manner prescribed under the Listing Rules. The respective chairman of the Board, Audit
Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee have attended the meeting to ensure effective
communication with shareholders.


Constitutional Documents
There was no change in the Company’s constitutional documents during 2022.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022     35
     Directors’ Report

     The board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) is pleased to present this annual report and the audited
     consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) for the
     year ended 31 December 2022.


     Principal Activities
     The Company acts as an investment holding company. The principal activities of its principal subsidiaries, associates
     and joint ventures are set out in notes 44, 18 and 19 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.


     Business Review
     Overview
     A fair review of the business of the Group, a discussion and analysis of the Group’s performance, an indication of
     likely future development in the Group’s business and particulars of important events affecting the Group that have
     occurred since the end of the financial year are provided in the sections of this annual report headed Chairman’s
     Statement, Management Discussion and Analysis, and in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


     Principal risks and uncertainties
     The Group faces certain risks and uncertainties which may affect its results and operations, some of which are
     inherent to pharmaceutical sector and beyond its control. These risks and uncertainties include, but not limited to,
     the following.


     (i)     Drug approval process
             The actual timing of market launch of our products under development could vary significantly from our
             estimates due to a number of factors including delays or failures in our pre-clinical studies or clinical trials,
             the lengthy approval process and the uncertainties of the outcome. Any delay or failure in the process could
             adversely affect the timing of market launch of our products. The Group is committed to investing in research
             and development of new drugs in order to ensure a rich product pipeline.


     (ii)    Results of drug tenders and centralised procurements
             Our sales and profitability depend on our ability to win in drug tenders and centralised procurements for our
             products at a desirable price in China. We may fail to win due to various factors, including uncompetitive
             bidding price. If our products fail to win or the new prices are significantly cut, the market share, sales and
             profitability of the products concerned could be adversely impacted. We have a team of staff handling drug
             tenders and centralised procurements of our products. The Group is also committed to investing in research
             and development of new drugs in order to expand and diversify our product portfolio.


     (iii)   Compliance with certain PRC environmental and safety regulations
             We are subject to PRC laws, rules and regulations concerning environmental and safety protection. Any
             violation of these laws, rules or regulations may result in substantial fines, criminal sanctions, revocations of
             operating permits or shutdown of production facilities. We have established specific department to inspect
             and monitor the environmental performance of the Group. The department will make recommendations to
             correct environmental issues identified and improve the environmental performance of the Group.




36   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Directors’ Report



(iv)    Exclusion of products from drug reimbursement list
        Under the PRC medical insurance scheme, patients can obtain reimbursement of all or a portion of the cost of
        drugs listed in the National Reimbursement Drug List (the “NRDL”). The NRDL is reviewed and updated from
        time to time. There is no assurance that our products will be or continue to be listed in the NRDL. The removal
        of any of our products from the NRDL may have an adverse impact on the sales of the products concerned.
        In addition, product prices may have to be cut in order to be listed in the NRDL.


(v)     Illegal practice of employees or third-party distributors
        The Group prohibits our employees and third-party distributors from engaging in corruption practices to
        influence the procurement decision of hospitals. However, we may not be able to effectively ensure that
        every employee or third-party distributor complies at all times with our policies. If such illegal practices or
        improper conduct occur, this may harm our reputation or expose us to regulatory investigations and potential
        punishment. The employee handbook and sales contracts entered into with third-party distributors contain
        specific rules to prohibit illegal practices in order to prevent misconduct from occurring.


(vi)    Side effects of products
        Our products may cause severe side effects as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside of
        our control. These factors include potential side effects not revealed in clinical studies, unusual but severe
        side effects in isolated cases, defective products not detected by our quality management system or misuse
        of our products by our customers. In addition, our products may be perceived to cause severe side effects if
        products of other companies containing the same or similar active pharmaceutical ingredients, raw materials
        or delivery technologies as our products cause or are perceived to have caused severe side effects. If our
        products cause or perceived to cause severe side effects, our sales and profitability could be adversely
        affected. We have adopted a product recall procedure to ensure that our products could be quickly recalled in
        case of safety or quality concerns.


(vii)   Product liability
        Claims for product liability and product recalls may arise if any of our products are deemed or proven to be
        unsafe, ineffective, defective or contaminated, or if we are alleged to have engaged in practices such as
        insufficient or improper labelling of products or providing inadequate warnings or insufficient or misleading
        disclosures of side effects. If we are not able to successfully defend such claims, we may be subject to civil
        liability for damages or criminal liability. Product liability claims may attract negative publicity which may
        adversely affect our reputation and business. We are committed to maintaining a high technical and quality
        standard to ensure that the products meet the requirements in all aspects.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022   37
     Directors’ Report



     Key Relationships
     (i)     Employees
             Human resources are one of the greatest assets of the Group and the Group regards the personal
             development of its employees as highly important. The Group wants to continue to be an attractive employer
             for committed employees.


             The Group strives to motivate its employees with a clear career path and opportunities for advancement and
             improvement of their skills. The Group provides on-the-job training and development opportunities to our staff
             members. In addition, the Group offers competitive remuneration packages to our employees. The Group has
             also adopted share option scheme and share award scheme to recognize and reward the contribution of the
             employees for the Group’s operations and future development.


     (ii)    Suppliers
             We have developed long-standing relationships with a number of suppliers and take great care to ensure that
             they share our commitment to quality and ethics. We carefully select our suppliers and require them to satisfy
             certain assessment criteria including track record, experience, financial strength, reputation, ability to produce
             high-quality products and quality control effectiveness.


     (iii)   Distributors
             We sell our finished drug products mainly to distributors which will sell the products to end-user customers.
             We work closely with the distributors to ensure that we share the view for upholding our brand value and
             customer services.


     (iv)    Hospitals
             We are committed to offer a broad and diverse range of good-quality products to hospitals. We also stay
             connected and maintain a close relationship with the hospitals by maintaining a database and have ongoing
             communications with them through various channels such as visits, marketing materials and meetings.


     Environmental policies
     We are subject to certain PRC laws, rules and regulations concerning environmental protection, including those in
     relation to the discharge of gaseous waste, liquid waste and solid waste and noise pollution during our manufacturing
     processes. The Group attaches importance to comply with the relevant environmental laws and regulations. We
     have established specific departments to inspect and monitor the environmental performance of the Group. In
     addition, the departments will make recommendations to remedy the environmental issues identified and improve the
     environmental performance of the Group. A discussion on the Group’s environmental policies and performance are
     set out in the Corporate Social Responsibility Report which will be published separately.




38   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Directors’ Report



Compliance with laws and regulations
The Group’s operations are mainly carried out by the Company’s subsidiaries established in the mainland China and
U.S. while the Company itself is incorporated in Hong Kong with its shares listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited. Our establishment and operations accordingly shall comply with relevant laws and regulations in the
mainland China, U.S. and Hong Kong. During the year ended 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this report,
we have complied with all the relevant laws and regulations in the mainland China, U.S. and Hong Kong that have a
significant impact on the Group.


Results and Appropriations
The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out on page 55 of this annual report.


The Board recommends a final dividend of HK11 cents per share which, together with the interim dividend of HK10
cents paid on 11 October 2022, makes a total of HK21 cents per share in respect of the year ended 31 December
2022. Subject to the approval of the shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting, the proposed final
dividend will be paid on 28 June 2023 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members on 9 June
2023.


Distributable Reserves of the Company
The Company’s reserves available for distribution to shareholders as at 31 December 2022 amounted to
RMB1,798,632,000.


Major Customers and Suppliers
The aggregate sales and purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest customers and suppliers were less than
30% of the Group’s total revenue and purchases for the year, respectively.


Donations
During the year, the Group made donations for charitable purposes of RMB84,992,000.


Fixed Assets
During the year, the Group continued to expand its business and acquired buildings, plant and equipment of
RMB1,823,293,000. Details of the movements in fixed assets of the Group during the year are set out in note 13 to
the consolidated financial statements.


Share Capital
Details of the movements in the share capital of the Company are set out in note 35 to the consolidated financial
statements.


Five-Year Financial Summary
A summary of the Group’s results, assets and liabilities for the last five financial years is set out on page 166 of this
annual report.


Equity-Linked Agreements
Save for the long-term incentive program of the Group, no equity-linked agreement was entered into during the year
or subsisted at the end of the year.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022     39
     Directors’ Report



     Permitted Indemnity
     The Articles of Association of the Company provides that every director shall be indemnified out of the assets of the
     Company against any losses or liability (to the extent permitted by the Companies Ordinance) which he/she may
     sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his/her office. The Directors and Officers Liability Insurance
     undertaken by the Company provides such indemnities to all the directors of the Company and its subsidiaries.


     Directors
     The directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this report were:


     Executive directors:
     Cai Dongchen (Chairman)
     Zhang Cuilong (Vice-Chairman and CEO)
     Wang Zhenguo
     Pan Weidong
     Wang Huaiyu
     Li Chunlei
     Wang Qingxi
     Chak Kin Man
     Jiang Hao


     Independent non-executive directors:
     Wang Bo
     Chen Chuan
     Wang Hongguang
     Au Chun Kwok Alan
     Law Cheuk Kin Stephen
     Li Quan (appointed on 8 November 2022)
     Wu Guizhen (appointed on 27 May 2022 and resigned on 1 August 2022)


     Ms. Wu Guizhen resigned as an independent non-executive director on 1 August 2022 due to her personal work
     arrangement.


     Ms. Li Quan was appointed as additional director of the Company by the Board after the annual general meeting of
     the Company held on 26 May 2022. In accordance with Article 92 of the Company’s Articles of Association. Ms. Li
     Quan shall retire at the forthcoming annual general meeting and, being eligible, offers herself for re-election.


     In accordance with Article 101 of the Company’s Articles of Association, Messrs. Zhang Cuilong, Pan Weidong, Jiang
     Hao, Wang Hongguang and Au Chun Kwok Alan shall retire by rotation at the forthcoming annual general meeting
     and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.


     No directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service contract which is not
     determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).




40   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Directors’ Report



The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive directors an annual confirmation of
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, and considers all the independent non-executive directors
are independent.


Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management
CAI Dongchen
Mr. Cai, aged 69, Chairman of the Company, has been an executive director of the Company since April 1997.
He ceased to be the Chief Executive Officer of the Company on 27 May 2022. Mr. Cai is also the chairman of the
Nomination Committee and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Cai holds a MBA degree from
Nankai University and has extensive technical and management experience in the pharmaceutical industry.


Mr. Cai is a substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
Ordinance (“SFO”). Mr. Cai is also a director of True Ally Holdings Limited and Massive Giant Group Limited, both are
substantial shareholders of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.


ZHANG Cuilong
Mr. Zhang, aged 54, Vice-Chairman of the Company, has been an executive director of the Company since July
2018. He was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company on 27 May 2022. Before this appointment,
Mr. Zhang was the Rotating Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Mr. Zhang is also a director of certain
subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Zhang holds a Bachelor’s degree in Pharmacology from Hebei Medical College
(now known as Hebei Medical University) and has extensive technical, marketing and management experience in the
pharmaceutical industry.


WANG Zhenguo
Mr. Wang, aged 53, has been an executive director of the Company since January 2012. Mr. Wang is also a director
of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Wang holds a Bachelor’s degree in Chemistry from Nankai University and
has extensive technical, marketing and management experience in the pharmaceutical industry.


PAN Weidong
Mr. Pan, aged 53, has been an executive director of the Company since October 2006. Mr. Pan is also a director
of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Pan holds an EMBA degree from Tsinghua University and has extensive
finance, accounting and investment experience in the pharmaceutical industry.


Mr. Pan is a director of Common Success International Limited, a substantial shareholder of the Company within the
meaning of Part XV of the SFO.


WANG Huaiyu
Mr. Wang, aged 59, has been an executive director of the Company since October 2010. Mr. Wang is also a director
of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Wang holds a Bachelor’s degree in Microbiology and Biochemistry from
Hebei University and has extensive technical and management experience in the pharmaceutical industry.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022     41
     Directors’ Report



     LI Chunlei
     Dr. Li, aged 46, has been an executive director of the Company since December 2017. Dr. Li is currently the Chief
     Scientist of the Group in charge of research and development. Dr. Li is also the general manager of a subsidiary of
     the Company, deputy director of the Novel Pharmaceutical Preparations and Excipients State Key Laboratory and
     director of the Hebei Pharmaceutical Engineering Technology Centre. Dr. Li holds a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering
     (Biological Pharmaceutics) from Jilin University and Shenyang Pharmaceutical University, a Master’s degree in
     Science (Microbial and Biochemical Pharmaceutics) from Jilin University and a Doctorate in Science (Pharmaceutical
     Science) from Shenyang Pharmaceutical University.


     WANG Qingxi
     Dr. Wang, aged 57, has been an executive director of the Company since August 2018. Dr. Wang is also a director
     of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Prior to joining the Group, Dr. Wang worked at Merck & Co., Inc. in the
     U.S. for 20 years where he held senior positions including director of pharmaceutical R&D and director of business
     development and operation. Dr. Wang holds a Bachelor’s degree in Science (Chemistry) and a Master’s degree in
     Science (Chemistry) from Nankai University in China, a Master’s degree in Science (Polymer Science) and a Doctorate
     in Chemistry from University of Connecticut in the U.S. and a MBA degree from Temple University in the U.S..


     CHAK Kin Man
     Mr. Chak, aged 57, has been an executive director of the Company since December 2005. Mr. Chak is also a
     director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Chak is an associate member of the Hong Kong Institute of
     Certified Public Accountants and a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants. Mr. Chak
     holds a Bachelor of Social Sciences degree from The University of Hong Kong and has extensive experience in
     finance, accounting and investor relations.


     Mr. Chak is a director of Common Success International Limited, a substantial shareholder of the Company within
     the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.


     JIANG Hao
     Dr. Jiang, aged 39, has been an executive director of the Company since November 2020. Prior to joining the Group
     in August 2020, Dr. Jiang has worked at Fastenal Company as general manager (north and central China) in the
     U.S., Tianjin Kesun Technology Company (marketing and sales centre of Baidu in Tianjin) as general manager and 3H
     Health Investment Management Ltd. as assistant to chairman and chief operation officer. Dr. Jiang holds a Bachelor’s
     degree in Management from Hebei University of Technology, a Master’s degree in Management, Economics and
     Industrial Engineering from Politecnico di Milano and a Doctorate in Management (Technology Economics and
     Management) from Hebei University of Technology.


     WANG Bo
     Mr. Wang, aged 62, has been as an independent non-executive director of the Company since December 2012. He
     is also a member of the Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee of the Company.
     Mr. Wang is currently the CEO of Beijing CHNMED Pharmaceutical Technology Development Co., Ltd and managing
     director of Beijing CHNMED Pharmaceutical Consulting Co., Ltd.. Mr. Wang graduated from Beijing Institute of Iron
     and Steel and has extensive experience in pharmaceutical policy research and consulting. Mr. Wang is currently the
     distinguished researcher of the Research Center of National Drug Policy & Ecosystem.



42   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Directors’ Report



Mr. Wang is also an independent director of Youcare Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd, (listed on Shanghai Stock
Exchange).


CHEN Chuan
Mr. Chen, aged 59, has been as an independent non-executive director of the Company since June 2016. He is also
a member of the Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee of the Company. Mr. Chen
holds a Bachelor’s degree in Medicine from Norman Bethune University of Medical Science and a Master’s degree in
Science from Albert Einstein College of Medicine at Yeshiva University.


Mr. Chen is also an independent director of Guangxi Liuzhou Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (listed on Shanghai Stock
Exchange) and an independent director of Shanghai Kehua Bio-Engineering Co.,Ltd. (listed on Shanghai Stock
Exchange).


WANG Hongguang
Prof. Wang, aged 60, has been as an independent non-executive director of the Company since January 2021. Prof.
Wang is a director and professor of International Center for Bioeconomy, Institute of Multidisciplinary Biomedical
Research of Tsinghua University (National Institute of Biological Sciences, Beijing), executive director and adjunct
professor of Peking University’s China Center for Strategic Studies, adjunct professor of Tianjin University and China
Pharmaceutical University. Prof. Wang has previously served as a director of Center of Biotechnology Development of
China of the Ministry of Science and Technology. Prof. Wang has long been engaged in the research on technology
and economic strategy, and has conducted in-depth research on domestic and foreign biotechnology development
and industry policies. Prof. Wang was the founder of “Disparity Economics” and has published 21 books including
“Bio-economic of China” and more than 110 theses. Prof. Wang holds a Bachelor’s degree in Agriculture from
Gansu Agricultural University, a Master’s degree in Agriculture and a Doctorate in Agriculture from China Agricultural
University.


Prof. Wang is also an independent director of Beijing Tiantan Biological Products Corporation Limited (listed on
Shanghai Stock Exchange).


AU Chun Kwok Alan
Mr. Au, aged 50, has been an independent non-executive director of the Company since January 2021. He is
also the chairman of the Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee of the Company. Mr. Au is the founder
and managing director of GT Healthcare Group, a private equity platform focusing on cross border healthcare
investments. Prior to that, Mr. Au served as the head of the Asia Healthcare Investment Banking of Deutsche Bank
Group, advising healthcare IPO and M&A in the region, an executive director at JAFCO Asia Investment Group,
responsible for healthcare investments in China, and an investment director of Morningside Group in charge of
healthcare investments in Asia. Mr. Au received a Bachelor’s degree in Psychology from Chinese University of Hong
Kong and a Master’s degree in Management from Columbia Business School in New York. Mr. Au is a certified public
accountant (CPA) in the U.S. and a chartered financial analyst (CFA), and an associate member of the Hong Kong
Institute of Financial Analysts and member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022     43
     Directors’ Report



     Mr. Au is also an independent director of I-Mab Biopharma Co., Ltd. (listed on Nasdaq). He was an independent
     director of Cellular Biomedicine Group (previously listed on Nasdaq, privatised in 2021) and a panel member for
     biotechnology of the Innovation and Technology Fund of the Hong Kong SAR Government from 2015 to 2022.


     Law Cheuk Kin Stephen, JP
     Mr. Law, aged 60, has been an independent non-executive director of the Company since March 2021. Mr. Law is
     currently the Managing Director of ANS Capital Limited. He previously served as the Finance Director and a member
     of the Executive Directorate of MTR Corporation Limited, CFO of Guoco Group Limited, Hong Kong and Managing
     Director of TPG Growth Capital (Asia) Limited, and held various senior positions in the Morningside Group and
     Wheelock Group. He is also a member of the board of directors of SOW (Asia) Foundation, a council member of
     Hong Kong Business Accountants Association and the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and
     a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. Mr. Law holds a Bachelor’s degree in
     Science (Civil Engineering) from the University of Birmingham, the United Kingdom and a Master’s degree in Business
     Administration from the University of Hull, the United Kingdom.


     Mr. Law was appointed as a member of the 14th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative
     Conference of the People’s Republic of China in January 2023. He has also been appointed by the Ministry of
     Finance of the People’s Republic of China as an expert consultant to provide advice on finance and management
     accounting.


     Mr. Law is also an independent non-executive director of China Everbright Limited, Somerley Capital Holdings
     Limited, China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd., and Keymed Biosciences Inc., all of which are listed on The Stock
     Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.


     Mr. Law resigned as an independent non-executive director of Bank of Guizhou Co., Ltd. (listed on The Stock
     Exchange of Hong Kong) on 25 August 2022.


     LI Quan
     Ms. Li, aged 42, was appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company on 8 November 2022.
     Ms. Li has over ten years of experience in investment management. She is currently the Managing Director of CDH
     Investments Management (Hong Kong) Limited, responsible for investment in the healthcare sector in the private
     equity department. Ms. Li holds a Bachelor of Cell Biology & Genetics and Economics double degree from Peking
     University, and a Master of Science degree from National University of Singapore School of Computing.


     Ms. Li resigned as a non-executive director of SciClone Pharmaceuticals (Holdings) Limited (listed on The Stock
     Exchange of Hong Kong Limited) on 19 December 2022.


     Directors of Subsidiaries
     The list of directors of the Company’s subsidiaries (other than those listed as directors of the Company) is kept at the
     registered office of the Company and available for inspection by shareholders of the Company during office hours.




44   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Directors’ Report



Directors’ Interests in Transactions, Arrangements or Contracts of Significance
Details of the connected transactions and continuing connected transactions of the Group during the year are set
out in the section headed Connected Transactions and Continuing Connected Transactions.


Other than as disclosed above, no transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which the Company or
any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a director of the Company or his connected entities had a material
interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.


Directors’ Interests in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures
As at 31 December 2022, the interests and short positions of the directors and their associates in the shares,
underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV
of the SFO), as recorded in the register maintained by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise
notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited pursuant to the Model Code for Securities
Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers, were as follows:


Long Positions
                                                                                                                    Approximate %
                                                                                 Number of                             of the issued
                                                            Number of             underlying                               shares of
Name of director           Capacity                        shares held           shares held                Total      the Company


Cai Dongchen               Beneficial owner                221,132,960                     –       2,822,001,670              23.65%
                           Interest of controlled       2,600,868,710      (1)             –
                             corporation


Chak Kin Man               Beneficial owner                  3,847,680                     –           3,847,680               0.03%


Wang Qingxi                Beneficial owner                            –           3,000,000 (2)       3,000,000               0.03%

Notes:


(1)       Mr. Cai Dongchen is deemed to be interested in 2,600,868,710 shares, comprising (i) 406,904,640 shares directly held by
          Key Honesty Limited, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of True Ally Holdings Limited (“True Ally”), (ii) 1,218,834,470 shares
          directly held by Massive Giant Group Limited, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of True Ally, (iii) 948,249,600 shares directly
          held by True Ally, which is directly wholly-owned by Mr. Cai Dongchen and (iv) 26,880,000 shares directly held by Harmonic
          Choice Limited by virtue of his interests in a chain of corporations holding Harmonic Choice Limited, namely Massive Top
          Limited, of which March Rise Limited, Beijing Zhongyihe Hezhong Investment Management Centre (Limited Partnership)
         （北京中宜和合眾投資管理中心（有限合夥））(“Zhongyihe”) and True Ally own 75%, 15% and 10%, respectively. March Rise
         Limited in turn is owned as to 40% by True Ally and 60% by Zhongyihe, the general partner of which is Mr. Cai Dongchen.


(2)       Represents the unvested share awards granted to Mr. Wang Qingxi by Key Honesty Limited, a shareholder of the Company,
          on 1 April 2022.


Other than as disclosed above, none of the directors or their associates had any interests or short positions in the
shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations as at 31 December
2022.


                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022        45
     Directors’ Report



     Arrangements to Purchase Shares or Debentures
     Other than the long-term incentive program of the Group, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries was a
     party to any arrangements to enable the directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of
     shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate at any time during the year.


     Long-Term Incentive Program
     Particulars of the Company’s share option and share award schemes are set out in note 37 to the consolidated
     financial statements.


     Substantial Shareholders’ Interests
     As at 31 December 2022, the interests and short positions of the following persons in the shares and underlying
     shares of the Company as recorded in the register maintained by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO were
     as follows.


     Long Positions


                                                                                                         Approximate %
                                                                                                           of the issued
     Name of substantial                                                       Number of                      shares of
     shareholder                  Capacity                                    shares held                 the Company


     Cai Dongchen                 Beneficial owner                           221,132,960
                                  Interest in controlled corporation        2,600,868,710 (1)
                                                                            2,822,001,670                       23.65%


     True Ally Holdings Limited   Beneficial owner                           948,249,600
                                  Interest in controlled corporation        1,652,619,110 (1)
                                                                            2,600,868,710                       21.80%


     Massive Giant Group
       Limited                    Beneficial owner                          1,218,834,470                       10.21%


     Common Success
       International Limited      Beneficial owner                           728,796,313                          6.11%


     UBS Group AG                 Interest in controlled corporation         803,666,707                          6.73%




46   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Directors’ Report



Short Positions


                                                                                                               Approximate %
                                                                                                                  of the issued
Name of substantial                                                                 Number of                         shares of
shareholder                     Capacity                                           shares held                    the Company


UBS Group AG                    Interest in controlled corporation                  96,444,452                             0.81%

Note:


(1)     Mr. Cai Dongchen is deemed to be interested in 2,600,868,710 shares, comprising (i) 406,904,640 shares directly held by
        Key Honesty Limited, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of True Ally, (ii) 1,218,834,470 shares directly held by Massive Giant
        Group Limited, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of True Ally, (iii) 948,249,600 shares directly held by True Ally, which is
        directly wholly-owned by Mr. Cai Dongchen and (iv) 26,880,000 shares directly held by Harmonic Choice Limited by virtue
        of his interests in a chain of corporations holding Harmonic Choice Limited, namely Massive Top Limited, of which March
        Rise Limited, Zhongyihe and True Ally own 75%, 15% and 10%, respectively. March Rise Limited in turn is owned as to
        40% by True Ally and 60% by Zhongyihe, the general partner of which is Mr. Cai Dongchen.


Other than as disclosed above, the Company has not been notified of any other interests or short positions in the
shares and underlying shares of the Company as at 31 December 2022.


Connected Transactions and Continuing Connected Transactions
(1)     Connected Transactions
        On 24 June 2022, certain subsidiaries of the Company have entered into lease agreements with CSPC
        Holdings Company Limited (“CHL”) and one of its subsidiary to lease certain premises located in Shijiazhuang,
        Hebei Province, the PRC for a term of three years commencing on 25 June 2022, 1 July 2022 or 20 July
        2022. The value of the right-of-use assets under the lease agreements recognised by the Group in its
        consolidated statement of financial position amounted to approximately RMB220,764,000. Details of the
        transactions are set out in the announcement of the Company dated on 24 June 2022.


(2)     Continuing Connected Transactions
        During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group has entered into certain transactions which constituted
        continuing connected transactions (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company and details of these
        transactions are set out below:


        Name of company                           Nature of transactions                                   Transaction amount
                                                                                                                         RMB’000


        CHL and its subsidiaries                  Sales of pharmaceutical products (note a)                               734,053
          (the “CHL Group”)                       Purchase of pharmaceutical products (note b)                              11,221
                                                  Rental expense (note c)                                                    1,913




                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022       47
     Directors’ Report



              Notes:


              (a)      On 22 November 2021, the Company entered into a master sales agreement with CHL for the sale of
                       pharmaceutical products to the CHL Group for a terms of three years commencing on 1 November 2021.


              (b)      On 22 December 2021, the Company entered into a master purchase agreement with CHL for the purchase of
                       medicines, raw materials, equipment, low-cost consumables and other products from the CHL Group for a terms of
                       three years commencing on 1 January 2022.


              (c)      On 20 July 2002, CSPC Zhongnuo Pharmaceutical (Shijiazhuang) Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, entered
                       into a lease agreement with CHL to lease certain premises located in Shijiazhuang, Hebei Province, the PRC for
                       a term of twenty years. The lease agreement was subject to a rental adjustment every three years. The rental was
                       revised to RMB3,312,800 per annum upon review on 1 August 2020.


     Mr. Cai Dongchen, a director and substantial shareholder of the Company, is indirectly interested in more than 30%
     of CHL through a series of corporations. Therefore, CHL is an associate of a substantial shareholder of the Company,
     and thus a connected person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. In addition, each of Mr. Zhang
     Cuilong, Mr. Wang Zhenguo, Mr. Pan Weidong, Mr. Wang Huaiyu, Dr. Li Chunlei and Dr. Jiang Hao, all being directors
     of the Company, is also indirectly interested in CHL.


     The Company has engaged its external auditor, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, to report on the continuing connected
     transactions of the Group in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised)
     “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to
     Practice Note 740 (Revised) “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing
     Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has reported the conclusion to
     the board of directors confirming the matters as stated in Rule 14A.56, where applicable.


     The independent non-executive directors have reviewed the continuing connected transactions and the auditor’s
     letter and have confirmed that the transactions have been entered into by the Group:


     (i)      in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;
     (ii)     on normal commercial terms or better; and
     (iii)    according to the respective agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the
              interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.


     Related Party Transactions
     Significant related party transactions which were undertaken in the normal course of business of the Group are
     set out in note 42 to the consolidated financial statements. For those related party transactions that constituted
     connected transactions or continuing connected transactions (as the case may be) under the Listing Rules but are
     not disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions and Continuing Connected Transactions”, they are
     exempt from disclosure, annual review and shareholder’s approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing
     Rules.




48   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Directors’ Report



Directors’ Interests in Competing Business
CHL holds certain equity interest in CSPC Jiangxi Jinfurong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd, a company principally engaged
in the manufacture and sales of traditional Chinese medicines in the PRC and which may compete with the Group in
certain aspects of its business. Each of Mr. Cai Dongchen, Mr. Zhang Cuilong, Mr. Wang Zhenguo, Mr. Pan Weidong,
Mr. Wang Huaiyu, Dr. Li Chunlei and Dr. Jiang Hao, all being directors of the Company, has an indirect interest in
CHL.


Emolument Policy
The emoluments of the directors of the Company are determined with reference to the expertise, experience,
responsibilities and performance of the directors, financial and operational performance of the Group as well a
benchmarks from peer companies and prevailing market conditions.


Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
During the year, the Company repurchased its own shares on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited as follows:


                                                                     Highest            Lowest          Aggregate
                                                 Number of         purchase           purchase       consideration
                                                        shares      price per         price per             (before
Date                                           repurchased             share              share         expenses)
                                                                         HK$                HK$                HK$


January 2022                                      2,054,000              8.49               8.44        17,409,000


All the shares repurchased were cancelled upon delivery of the share certificates in January 2022. The Directors
considered that the repurchases were made for the benefit of the shareholders with a view to enhancing the earnings
per share as well as maximizing shareholders’ return.


Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of
the listed securities of the Company during the year.


Sufficiency of Public Float
The Company has maintained a sufficient public float throughout the year ended 31 December 2022.


Auditor
A resolution will be submitted to the annual general meeting to re-appoint Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as
auditor of the Company.




                                                                                   On behalf of the Board
                                                                                      CAI Dongchen
                                                                                          Chairman


Hong Kong, 22 March 2023



                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022    49
     Independent Auditor’s Report




     TO THE MEMBERS OF CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
     石藥集團有限公司
     (incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


     Opinion
     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of CSPC Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”) and
     its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 55 to 165, which comprise the consolidated
     statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated
     statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and
     consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements,
     including a summary of significant accounting policies.


     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
     the Group as at 31 December 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows
     for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the
     Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance
     with the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


     Basis for Opinion
     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
     Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of
     the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with
     the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
     responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
     appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


     Key Audit Matters
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
     of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
     separate opinion on these matters.




50   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Independent Auditor’s Report




 Key audit matter                                                             How our audit addressed the key audit matter


 Expected credit losses on trade receivables


 We identified impairment assessment of trade                                 Our procedures in relation to impairment assessment of
 receivables as a key audit matter due to the significance                    trade receivables included:
 of trade receivables to the Group’s consolidated
 financial position and the involvement of subjective                         •     Understanding key controls on how the
 judgement and management estimates in evaluating                                   management estimates the loss allowance for
 the expected credit losses (“ECL”) of the Group’s trade                            trade receivables;
 receivables at the end of the reporting period.
                                                                              •     Evaluating the competence, capabilities
 As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s net trade                                      and objectivity of the independent qualified
 receivables amounted to RMB3,937,967,000                                           professional valuer;
 representing approximately 9% of total assets of the
 Group, and RMB273,260,000 of which were past due.                            •     Involving our internal valuation specialists
                                                                                    to assess the appropriateness of valuation
 As disclosed in note 40 to the consolidated financial                              methodology and assumptions adopted;
 statements, the management of the Group estimated
 the amount of lifetime ECL of trade receivables, other                       •     Testing the integrity of information used by
 than major customers and credit-impaired balances,                                 management to develop the provision matrix,
 b a s e d o n p ro v i s i o n m a t r i x t h ro u g h g ro u p i n g o f         including trade receivables aging analysis as
 various debtors that have similar loss patterns, after                             at 31 December 2022, on a sample basis, by
 considering aging, repayment history and/or past due                               comparing individual items in the analysis with
 status of respective trade receivables. Estimated loss                             the relevant sales invoices and other supporting
 rates were based on historical observed default rates                              documents; and
 over the expected life of the debtors and were adjusted
 for forward-looking information. Trade receivables with                      •     Challenging management’s basis and judgement
 major customers and credit-impaired balances were                                  in determining credit loss allowance on trade
 assessed for ECL individually. The loss allowance of the                           receivables as at 31 December 2022, including
 credit-impaired trade receivables was measured as the                              their identification of major customers and
 difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the                             credit-impaired balances, the reasonableness
 present value of estimated future cash flows with the                              of management’s grouping of the remaining
 consideration of expected future credit losses.                                    debtors into different categories in the provision
                                                                                    matrix, and the basis of estimated loss rates
 As disclosed in note 40 to the consolidated financial                              applied for each individual trade debtor and each
 statements, the Group’s lifetime ECL recognised on                                 category in the provision matrix (with reference
 trade receivables as at 31 December 2022 amounted                                  to historical default rates and forward-looking
 to RMB23,725,000.                                                                  information).




                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022    51
     Independent Auditor’s Report



     Other Information
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
     information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our
     auditor’s report thereon.


     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
     any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
     information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
     financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
     based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
     we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


     Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
     true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and
     for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
     statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
     to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
     concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have
     no realistic alternative but to do so.


     Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




52   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Independent Auditor’s Report



Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 405 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for
no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents
of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted
in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from
fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
      to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
      that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
      misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
      forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
      Group’s internal control.


•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
      and related disclosures made by the directors.


•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
      on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
      may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
      material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures
      in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
      conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
      events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
      the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
      events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
      activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
      for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
      opinion.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022     53
     Independent Auditor’s Report



     We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
     timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
     identify during our audit.


     We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
     requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
     reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
     safeguards applied.


     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
     significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
     matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
     the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
     report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
     benefits of such communication.


     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Ms. Fung Suet Ngan.




     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong
     22 March 2023




54   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                             2022            2021
                                               NOTES     RMB’000         RMB’000


Revenue                                          5     30,936,904      27,866,870
Cost of sales                                           (8,680,490)    (6,731,776)

Gross profit                                           22,256,414      21,135,094
Other income                                              603,799         411,223
Other gains or losses, net                                291,383         242,675
Selling and distribution expenses                      (10,337,423)   (10,443,422)
Administrative expenses                                 (1,172,842)    (1,009,824)
Research and development expenses                       (3,986,516)    (3,432,590)
Other expenses                                             (80,333)      (108,204)
Share of results of associates                  18         (42,509)       (23,894)
Share of results of joint ventures              19         27,114          46,337
Gains on deemed disposal of partial interest
  in an associate and a joint venture                      48,065          13,092
Gains on disposal of a joint venture                            —          24,273
Finance costs                                    6         (24,891)         (7,664)

Profit before tax                                       7,582,261       6,847,096
Income tax expense                               8      (1,350,211)    (1,158,972)

Profit for the year                              7      6,232,050       5,688,124

Profit for the year attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                 6,091,390       5,605,185
  Non-controlling interests                               140,660          82,939

                                                        6,232,050       5,688,124

                                                       RMB cents       RMB cents

Earnings per share                              11
  — Basic                                                    51.11          46.89
  — Diluted                                                  51.11          46.89




                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022    55
     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                2022        2021
                                                                            RMB’000     RMB’000


     Profit for the year                                                    6,232,050   5,688,124

     Other comprehensive income (expense):

     Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
     Fair value gain (loss) on financial assets measured at fair value
       through other comprehensive income, net of income tax                  13,013      (19,723)

     Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
     Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                50,493       7,800

     Other comprehensive income (expense) for the year, net of income tax     63,506      (11,923)

     Total comprehensive income for the year                                6,295,556   5,676,201

     Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
       Owners of the Company                                                6,154,896   5,593,262
       Non-controlling interests                                             140,660      82,939

                                                                            6,295,556   5,676,201




56   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
At 31 December 2022




                                                           2022            2021
                                              NOTES    RMB’000         RMB’000


Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                  13      9,582,060      8,529,370
Right-of-use assets                            14      1,394,859      1,034,549
Investment property                            15        62,737          33,687
Goodwill                                       16       234,904         149,983
Intangible assets                              17      1,908,112        467,854
Interests in associates                        18       685,290         650,956
Interests in joint ventures                    19       709,482         292,505
Amounts due from joint ventures                42             —         253,953
Other financial assets                         20      2,125,574      1,979,345
Deferred tax assets                            33       113,026          43,000
Deposits, prepayments and other receivables    23       796,570         569,871
Bank deposits                                  26       200,000         400,000

                                                      17,812,614     14,405,073

Current assets
Inventories                                    21      2,554,861      2,480,369
Trade receivables                              22      3,937,967      3,309,148
Deposits, prepayments and other receivables    23       693,224         580,425
Bills receivables                              24      2,602,551      3,099,188
Amounts due from related companies             42       195,643         100,135
Amount due from an associate                   42             —             400
Amounts due from joint ventures                42       100,048          39,783
Structured bank deposits                       25      3,574,859      1,443,413
Bank balances, deposits and cash               26     10,298,007      9,283,642

                                                      23,957,160     20,336,503




                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022   57
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     At 31 December 2022




                                                                 2022         2021
                                                    NOTES    RMB’000      RMB’000


     Current liabilities
     Trade payables                                  27      1,507,986    1,481,359
     Other payables                                  28      5,355,516    4,680,829
     Contract liabilities                            31       799,458      428,404
     Bills payables                                  29       502,079      141,258
     Amounts due to related companies                42       104,938       58,910
     Amounts due to joint ventures                   42       130,860      136,127
     Lease liabilities                               32       142,071       38,424
     Tax liabilities                                          261,608      260,732
     Bank borrowings                                 30       153,484            —

                                                             8,958,000    7,226,043

     Net current assets                                     14,999,160   13,110,460

     Total assets less current liabilities                  32,811,774   27,515,533

     Non-current liabilities
     Other payables                                  28       270,917      250,198
     Lease liabilities                               32       258,039       55,620
     Deferred tax liabilities                        33       611,993      381,484
     Bank borrowings                                 30        28,950            —

                                                             1,169,899     687,302

     Net assets                                             31,641,875   26,828,231




58   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
At 31 December 2022




                                                                                         2022             2021
                                                                       NOTES         RMB’000          RMB’000


Capital and reserves
Share capital                                                             35       10,899,412       10,899,412
Reserves                                                                           19,298,122       15,087,260

Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                       30,197,534       25,986,672
Non-controlling interests                                                           1,444,341          841,559

Total equity                                                                       31,641,875       26,828,231



The consolidated financial statements on pages 55 to 165 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of
Directors on 22 March 2023 and are signed on its behalf by:




                    CAI Dongchen                                         CHAK Kin Man
                      DIRECTOR                                              DIRECTOR




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022    59
     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
     For the year ended 31 December 2022



                                                                                              Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                            Equity attributable to non-controlling interests
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Employee
                                                                                       Employee                                                                                                     share-based
                                                                        Treasury     share-based                                             Capital                                               compensation             Share of
                                                              Share        share    compensation             Other       Statutory      contribution    Translation    Accumulated                    reserve of       net assets of
                                                             capital     reserve          reserve         reserve         reserves          reserve        reserve          profits      Sub-total a subsidiary         subsidiaries         Sub-total       Total
                                                            RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                                                           (note a)         (note b)         (note c)

     At 1 January 2021                                     10,899,412   (100,706)          13,767       (3,687,320)      1,875,242            46,794        (36,246)     13,321,345     22,332,288           2,080          766,705            768,785    23,101,073

     Profit for the year                                           —          —                —                —                —                —              —        5,605,185      5,605,185              —             82,939            82,939     5,688,124
     Other comprehensive (expense) income
       for the year, net of income tax                             —          —                —           (19,723)              —                —          7,800                —        (11,923)             —                 —                 —        (11,923)

     Total comprehensive (expense) income for the year             —          —                —           (19,723)              —                —          7,800        5,605,185      5,593,262              —             82,939            82,939     5,676,201

     Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                   —          —                —                —               —                 —              —                —             —               —            (12,500)          (12,500)       (12,500)
     Dividends recognised as distribution (note 12)                —          —                —                —               —                 —              —       (1,690,763)    (1,690,763)             —                 —                 —     (1,690,763)
     Repurchase of ordinary shares (note 35)                       —          —                —                —               —                 —              —         (263,512)      (263,512)             —                 —                 —       (263,512)
     Transfer to statutory reserves                                —          —                —                —           42,410                —              —           (42,410)           —               —                 —                 —              —
     Recognition of employee share-based
       compensation expense                                        —          —            16,242               —                —                —              —               —         16,242            1,490                —              1,490        17,732
     Acquisition of additional interest in a subsidiary            —          —                —                —                —                —              —             (845)         (845)              —                845               845            —
     Vesting of shares under share award scheme                    —      15,106          (12,338)              —                —                —              —           (2,768)           —                —                 —                 —             —
     Disposal of financial assets measured at fair value
       through other comprehensive income                          —          —                —         (343,788)               —                —              —          343,788             —               —                 —                 —              —

     At 31 December 2021                                   10,899,412    (85,600)          17,671       (4,050,831)      1,917,652            46,794        (28,446)     17,270,020     25,986,672          3,570           837,989            841,559    26,828,231

     At 1 January 2022                                     10,899,412    (85,600)          17,671      (4,050,831)       1,917,652            46,794       (28,446)      17,270,020     25,986,672          3,570           837,989            841,559    26,828,231

     Profit for the year                                           —          —                —                —                —                —              —        6,091,390      6,091,390              —           140,660            140,660     6,232,050
     Other comprehensive income for the year,
       net of income tax                                           —          —                —           13,013                —                —         50,493                —        63,506               —                 —                 —         63,506

     Total comprehensive income for the year                       —          —                —           13,013                —                —         50,493        6,091,390      6,154,896              —           140,660            140,660     6,295,556

     Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                   —          —                —                —               —                 —              —               —              —               —            (20,475)          (20,475)      (20,475)
     Capital contribution from non-controlling interests           —          —                —                —               —                 —              —               —              —               —             51,868            51,868        51,868
     Dividends recognised as distribution (note 12)                —          —                —                —               —                 —              —       (2,096,961)    (2,096,961)             —                 —                 —     (2,096,961)
     Repurchase of ordinary shares (note 35)                       —          —                —                —               —                 —              —          (14,211)       (14,211)             —                 —                 —        (14,211)
     Transfer to statutory reserves                                —          —                —                —          138,005                —              —         (138,005)            —               —                 —                 —             —
     Recognition of employee share-based
       compensation expense                                        —          —             6,904               —                —           149,780             —                —       156,684            4,042                —              4,042      160,726
     Acquisition of a subsidiary and additional
       interests in subsidiaries                                   —          —                —                —                —                —              —           10,454        10,454               —           426,687            426,687      437,141
     Vesting of shares under share award scheme                    —       1,890          (15,100)              —                —                —              —           13,210            —                —                —                  —            —

     At 31 December 2022                                   10,899,412    (83,710)           9,475      (4,037,818)       2,055,657           196,574        22,047       21,135,897     30,197,534          7,612          1,436,729         1,444,341    31,641,875




60   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2022



Notes:


(a)      The balance in other reserve mainly included an amount of RMB4,030,633,000 which represents the difference between
         the fair value of the deemed consideration under the reverse acquisition of RMB2,631,198,000 and the fair value of
         the consideration paid by the Company of RMB6,661,831,000 in a reverse acquisition on 29 October 2012, and the
         accumulated changes in fair value of financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income
         (“FVTOCI”).


(b)      The statutory reserves are appropriated from profit after tax of the Company’s subsidiaries in the People’s Republic of China
         (the “PRC”) under the laws and regulations of the PRC.


(c)      The balance in capital contribution reserve mainly included the deemed contribution by CSPC Holdings Company Limited
         (“CHL”), a related company as defined in note 42, which comprises (1) the difference between the carrying amount of the
         net assets of entities comprising Robust Sun Holdings Limited (“Robust Sun”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as
         the “Robust Sun Group”) and the consideration paid to CHL and its subsidiaries during group reorganisation under Robust
         Sun Group in 2012; (2) the imputed interest arising on a non-interest bearing loan from CHL in 2012; and (3) deemed
         capital contribution arising from the acquisition of CSPC Shengxue Glucose Co., Ltd. from CHL in 2016; and (4) deemed
         capital contribution arising from the grant of share awards to employees of the Company and its subsidiaries in 2022 by a
         shareholder.




                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022        61
     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     For the year ended 31 December 2022



                                                                                    2022          2021
                                                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000

     OPERATING ACTIVITIES
     Profit before tax                                                          7,582,261     6,847,096
     Adjustments for:
       Amortisation of intangible assets                                           90,352        25,361
       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                              802,592       700,408
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                        152,869       137,983
       Depreciation of investment property                                          2,126         1,719
       Finance costs                                                               24,891         7,664
       Government grant income                                                   (195,005)      (96,252)
       Fair value gain on financial assets measured at fair value through
        profit or loss                                                           (100,905)     (205,040)
       Fair value gain on structured bank deposits                               (117,435)       (81,532)
       Interest income                                                           (242,528)     (183,240)
       Imputed interest income on amount due from a joint venture                 (16,308)         (8,983)
       Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                            7,361         10,786
       Impairment loss on intangible assets                                        72,105         50,000
       Impairment loss (reversed) recognised under expected credit loss model     (25,734)          4,070
       Reversal of write-down of inventories                                       (1,170)         (2,236)
       Employee share-based compensation expense                                  160,726         17,732
       Share of results of associates                                              42,509         23,894
       Share of results of joint ventures                                         (27,114)       (46,337)
       Gains on deemed disposal of partial interest in an associate and
        a joint venture                                                            (48,065)      (13,092)
       Gain on disposal of a joint venture                                              —        (24,273)

     Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                   8,163,528      7,165,728
     Increase in inventories                                                      (42,750)      (617,067)
     Increase in trade receivables                                               (566,548)      (943,552)
     Increase in deposits, prepayments and other receivables                      (62,648)      (221,362)
     Decrease (increase) in bills receivables                                     270,202     (1,109,639)
     (Increase) decrease in amounts due from related companies                    (95,508)        44,125
     Decrease (increase) in amount due from an associate                              400           (400)
     Increase in trade payables                                                    18,445        276,793
     Increase (decrease) in contract liabilities                                  371,014       (197,295)
     Increase in bills payables                                                   360,821        104,258
     Increase in other payables                                                   466,580      1,091,010
     Increase in deferred government grants                                        97,616        153,075
     (Increase) decrease in amounts due from joint ventures                       (60,265)        89,897
     Decrease in amounts due to joint ventures                                     (5,267)      (103,503)
     Increase in amounts due to related companies                                  46,028         45,742

     Cash generated from operations                                              8,961,648     5,777,810
     Income tax paid                                                            (1,334,584)   (1,141,183)

     NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                         7,627,064     4,636,627




62   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                           2022            2021
                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000


INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                             (2,220,218)    (1,410,146)
Purchase of right-of-use assets                                          (17,937)         (9,152)
Refund of deposits paid for acquisition of right-of-use assets           24,000               —
Purchase of intangible assets                                          (484,537)       (339,150)
Purchase of other financial assets                                     (103,165)       (484,406)
Capital injection to an associate                                        (51,000)       (81,000)
Capital injection to a joint venture                                   (159,891)        (40,000)
Repayment from an associate                                                   —          73,310
Repayment from joint ventures                                                 —         538,233
Payment of contingent consideration                                           —         (24,346)
Receipts of government grants                                            41,803          37,279
Placement of structured bank deposits                                 (5,210,000)    (3,938,500)
Placement of restricted bank deposits                                    (53,222)       (23,933)
Placement of bank deposits                                            (1,970,000)      (860,000)
Withdrawal of structured bank deposits                                3,195,989       4,111,826
Withdrawal of restricted bank deposits                                        —          36,571
Withdrawal of bank deposits                                             150,000         690,000
Interest received                                                       242,528         183,240
Dividend received from a joint venture                                   65,509          45,000
Dividend received from an associate                                       6,054               —
Proceeds from distribution of other financial assets                     73,177         586,593
Acquisition of subsidiaries                                      36    (341,907)              —
Disposal of subsidiaries                                                      —         150,914
Proceeds from disposal of a joint venture                                     —          34,650
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                  16,833          85,691

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                 (6,795,984)      (637,326)




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022    63
     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                         2022          2021
                                                            NOTES    RMB’000       RMB’000


     FINANCING ACTIVITIES
     Dividends paid                                                 (2,096,961)   (1,690,763)
     Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                       (20,475)      (12,500)
     Capital contribution from non-controlling interests               51,868             —
     Repurchase of shares                                              (14,211)    (263,512)
     Interest on lease liabilities                                     (13,451)       (7,105)
     Interest on bank borrowings                                        (8,087)         (559)
     Payment of lease liabilities                                    (125,239)     (123,167)
     New bank borrowings raised                                       485,712             —
     Acquisition of additional interests in subsidiaries               (36,243)           —
     Advances drawn on bills discounted with recourse                 368,726             —
     Repayment of bank borrowings                                    (495,712)       (99,000)

     NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES                          (1,904,073)   (2,196,606)

     NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS           (1,072,993)   1,802,695

     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT 1 JANUARY                         9,059,709     7,259,458

     EFFECT OF FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES                           14,136         (2,444)

     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT 31 DECEMBER,
       represented by bank balances and cash                 26     8,000,852     9,059,709




64   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022



1.    General Information
      CSPC Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”) is a public limited company incorporated in Hong
      Kong and its shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). The
      address of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company is disclosed in the “Corporate
      Information” section of this annual report.


      The Company acts as an investment holding company and its subsidiaries (hereinafter together with the
      Company referred to as the “Group”) are principally engaged in the manufacture and sale of pharmaceutical
      products. Details of the subsidiaries are set out in note 44.


      The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional
      currency of the Company.


2.    Application of Amendments to Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards
      (“HKFRSs”)
      Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
      In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by the Hong Kong
      Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for
      the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January 2022 for the preparation of the consolidated financial
      statements:


      Amendments to HKFRS 3                         Reference to the Conceptual Framework
      Amendment to HKFRS 16                         Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021
      Amendments to HKAS 16                         Property, Plant and Equipment — Proceeds before Intended Use
      Amendments to HKAS 37                         Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a Contract
      Amendments to HKFRSs                          Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018 - 2020

      The application of the amendments to HKFRSs in the current year has had no material impact on the Group’s
      financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these
      consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022    65
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     2.    Application of Amendments to Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards
           (“HKFRSs”) (continued)
           New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective
           The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued but
           are not yet effective:


           HKFRS 17 (including the October 2020               Insurance Contracts 1
               and February 2022
               Amendments to HKFRS 17)
           Amendments to HKFRS 10                             Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
               and HKAS 28                                      its Associate or Joint Ventures 2
           Amendments to HKAS 16                              Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback 3
           Amendments to HKAS 1                               Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and
                                                                related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020) 3
           Amendments to HKAS 1                               Non-current Liabilities with Covenants 3
           Amendments to HKAS 1 and                           Disclosure of Accounting Policies 1
               HKFRS Practice Statement 2
           Amendments to HKAS 8                               Definition of Accounting Estimates 1
           Amendments to HKAS 12                              Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities
                                                                arising from a Single Transaction 1

           1
                   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.
           2
                   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
           3
                   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024.


           The directors of the Company (the “Directors”) anticipate that the application of all new and amendments to
           HKFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.


     3.    Significant Accounting Policies
           Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
           The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA.
           For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material
           if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the
           consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing
           of Securities on the Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


           The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for financial
           instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the
           accounting policies below.




66   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




3.    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (continued)
      Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and
      services.


      Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
      transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly
      observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a
      liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would
      take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value
      for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on
      such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of HKFRS 2 Share-
      based Payment, leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 16 Leases, and
      measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in
      HKAS 2 Inventories or value in use in HKAS 36 Impairment of Assets.


      In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3
      based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance
      of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:


      •      Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
             entity can access at the measurement date;
      •      Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the
             asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and
      •      Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.


      Basis of consolidation
      The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities
      controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:


      •      has power over the investee;
      •      is exposed, or has the rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
      •      has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.


      The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
      changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022     67
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     3.    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
           Basis of consolidation (continued)
           Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the
           Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed
           of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss from the date when the Group
           gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.


           Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and
           to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of
           the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a
           deficit balance.


           Where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting
           policies into line with the Group’s accounting policies.


           All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between
           members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.


           Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which
           represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the
           relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.


           Changes in the Group’s interests in existing subsidiaries
           Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the
           subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant
           components of equity and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative
           interests in the subsidiaries, including re-attribution of relevant reserves between the Group and the non-
           controlling interests according to the Group’s and the non-controlling interests’ proportionate interests.


           Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the fair value of
           the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.


           Business combinations or asset acquisitions
           Optional concentration test
           Effective from 1 January 2022, the Group can elect to apply an optional concentration test, on a transaction-
           by-transaction basis, that permits a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets
           is not a business. The concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired
           is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. The gross assets under
           assessment exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred tax assets, and goodwill resulting from the effects of
           deferred tax liabilities. If the concentration test is met, the set of activities and assets is determined not to be
           a business and no further assessment is needed.




68   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




3.    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      Business combinations or asset acquisitions (continued)
      Asset acquisitions
      When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business, the Group
      identifies and recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating the
      purchase price first to financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective fair values, the remaining balance of
      the purchase price is then allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis of their relative
      fair values at the date of purchase. Such a transaction does not give rise to goodwill or bargain purchase
      gain.


      Business combinations
      A business is an integrated set of activities and assets which includes an input and a substantive process
      that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired processes are considered
      substantive if they are critical to the ability to continue producing outputs, including an organised workforce
      with the necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to perform the related processes or they significantly
      contribute to the ability to continue producing outputs and are considered unique or scarce or cannot be
      replaced without significant cost, effort, or delay in the ability to continue producing outputs.


      Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in
      a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair
      values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the
      acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-
      related costs are generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.


      For business combinations in which the acquisition date is on or after 1 January 2022, the identifiable
      assets acquired and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of an asset and a liability in the Conceptual
      Framework for Financial Reporting 2018 issued in June 2018 (the “Conceptual Framework”) except for
      transactions and events within the scope of HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC) — Int 21, in which the Group applies
      HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC) — Int 21 instead of the Conceptual Framework to identify the liabilities it has assumed
      in a business combination. Contingent assets are not recognised.


      At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair
      value, except that:


      •       deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are
              recognised and measured in accordance with HKAS 12 Income Taxes and HKAS 19 Employee Benefits
              respectively;
      •       liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or share-
              based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment arrangements
              of the acquiree are measured in accordance with HKFRS 2 at the acquisition date (see the accounting
              policy below);




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022      69
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     3.    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
           Business combinations or asset acquisitions (continued)
           Business combinations (continued)
           •       assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with HKFRS 5 Non-current
                   Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that standard; and
           •       lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments
                   (as defined in HKFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except for
                   leases for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the underlying
                   asset is of low value. Right-of-use assets are recognised and measured at the same amount as
                   the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when
                   compared with market terms.


           Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
           controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the
           acquiree (if any) over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as at
           acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
           assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in
           the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is
           recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.


           Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share
           of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially measured at the non-controlling
           interests’ proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets or at fair
           value. The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.


           When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes a contingent
           consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition-date fair value and
           included as part of the consideration transferred in a business combination. Changes in the fair value of
           the contingent consideration that qualify as measurement period adjustments are adjusted retrospectively.
           Measurement period adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional information obtained during
           the “measurement period” (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition date) about facts and
           circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.


           The subsequent accounting for the contingent consideration that does not qualify as measurement period
           adjustment depends on how the contingent consideration is classified. Contingent consideration that is
           classified as equity is not remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent settlement is
           accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration that is classified as an asset or a liability is remeasured
           to fair value at subsequent reporting dates, with the corresponding gain or loss being recognised in profit or
           loss.




70   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




3.    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      Goodwill
      Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of
      the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any.


      For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units
      (“CGU”s) (or group of CGUs) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, which
      represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and not larger
      than an operating segment.


      A CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually or more
      frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in a
      reporting period, the CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment
      before the end of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the
      impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets
      on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of CGUs).


      On disposal of the relevant CGU or any of the CGU within the group of CGUs, the attributable amount of
      goodwill is included in the determination of the amount of profit or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes
      of an operation within the CGU (or a CGU within a group of CGUs), the amount of goodwill disposed of is
      measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the CGU) disposed of and the portion of the
      CGU (or the group of CGUs) retained.


      The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate and a joint venture is described
      below.


      Investments in associates and joint ventures
      An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to
      participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over
      those policies.


      A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have
      rights to the net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of
      an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of
      the parties sharing control.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022      71
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     3.    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
           Investments in associates and joint ventures (continued)
           The results and assets and liabilities of associate and joint ventures are incorporated in these consolidated
           financial statements using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of associates and joint
           ventures used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies as those of the
           Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances. Under the equity method, an investment in
           an associate or a joint venture is initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost
           and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income
           of the associate or joint venture. Changes in net assets of the associate or joint venture other than profit or
           loss and other comprehensive income are not accounted for unless such changes resulted in changes in
           ownership interest held by the Group. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate or a joint venture
           exceeds the Group’s interest in that associate or joint venture (which includes any long-term interests that, in
           substance, form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate or joint venture), the Group discontinues
           recognising its share of further losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the extent that the Group has
           incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate or joint venture.


           An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method from the date on
           which the investee becomes an associate or a joint venture. On acquisition of the investment in an associate
           or a joint venture, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the
           identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying
           amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and
           liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the
           period in which the investment is acquired.


           The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate or a joint venture
           may be impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including
           goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with HKAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable
           amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment
           loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the
           investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with HKAS 36 to the extent that
           the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.




72   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




3.    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      Investments in associates and joint ventures (continued)
      When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over a joint venture, it is
      accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in the investee with a resulting gain or loss being recognised
      in profit or loss. When the Group retains an interest in the former associate or joint venture and the retained
      interest is a financial asset within the scope of HKFRS 9, the Group measures the retained interest at fair value
      at that date and the fair value is regarded as its fair value on initial recognition. The difference between the
      carrying amount of the associate or joint venture and the fair value of any retained interest and any proceeds
      from disposing of the relevant interest in the associate or joint venture is included in the determination of the
      gain or loss on disposal of the associate or joint venture. In addition, the Group accounts for all amounts
      previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that associate or joint venture on the same
      basis as would be required if that associate or joint venture had directly disposed of the related assets or
      liabilities. Therefore, if a gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income by that associate
      or joint venture would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities, the
      Group reclassifies the gain or loss from equity to profit or loss (as a reclassification adjustment) upon disposal/
      partial disposal of the relevant associate or joint venture.


      When a group entity transacts with an associate or a joint venture of the Group, profits and losses resulting
      from the transactions with the associate or joint venture are recognised in the consolidated financial
      statements only to the extent of interest in the associate or joint venture that is not related to the Group.


      Changes in the Group’s interests in associates and joint ventures
      The Group continues to use the equity method when an investment in an associate becomes an investment
      in a joint venture or an investment in a joint venture becomes an investment in an associate. There is no
      remeasurement to fair value upon such changes in ownership interests.


      When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate or a joint venture but the Group continues
      to use the equity method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or loss that had
      previously been recognised in other comprehensive income relating to that reduction in ownership interest if
      that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities.


      Revenue from contracts with customers
      The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of the
      goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.


      A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a
      series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022   73
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     3.    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
           Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
           Except for granting of a licence that is distinct from other promised goods or services, control is transferred
           over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of
           the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:


           •      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance
                  as the Group performs;
           •      the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
                  performs; or
           •      the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group
                  has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.


           Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or
           service.


           For granting of a licence that is distinct from other promised goods or services, the nature of the Group’s
           promise in granting a licence is a promise to provide a right to access the Group’s intellectual property if all of
           the following criteria are met:


           •      the contract requires, or the customer reasonably expects, that the Group will undertake activities that
                  significantly affect the intellectual property to which the customer has rights;
           •      the rights granted by the licence directly expose the customer to any positive or negative effects of the
                  Group’s activities; and
           •      those activities do not result in the transfer of a good or a service to the customer as those activities
                  occur.


           If the criteria above are met, the Group accounts for the promise to grant a licence as a performance
           obligation satisfied over time. Otherwise, the Group considers the grant of licence as providing the customers
           the right to use the Group’s intellectual property and the performance obligation is satisfied at a point in time
           at which the licence is granted.


           A receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is
           required before payment of that consideration is due.


           A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the
           Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.




74   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




3.    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      Leases
      Definition of a lease
      A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for
      a period of time in exchange for consideration.


      For contracts entered into or modified or arising from business combinations, the Group assesses whether
      a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under HKFRS 16 at inception, modification date or
      acquisition date, as appropriate. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the
      contract are subsequently changed.


      The Group as a lessee
      Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
      For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components,
      the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative
      stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.


      The Group also applies practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease component,
      and instead accounts for the lease component and any associated non-lease components as a single lease
      component.


      Short-term leases
      The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of land and buildings that have a
      lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. Lease
      payments on short-term leases are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis or another systematic basis
      over the lease term.


      Right-of-use assets
      The cost of right-of-use asset includes:


      •      the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
      •      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;
      •      any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and
      •      an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets,
             restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by
             the terms and conditions of the lease.


      Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and
      adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022      75
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     3.    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
           Leases (continued)
           The Group as a lessee (continued)
           Right-of-use assets (continued)
           Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of their estimated useful lives and
           the lease terms.


           The Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property as a separate
           line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.


           Refundable rental deposits
           Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
           Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the
           cost of right-of-use assets.


           Lease liabilities
           At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the present
           value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the
           Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the
           lease is not readily determinable.


           The lease payments include:


           •      fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;
           •      variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as
                  at the commencement date;
           •      amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;
           •      payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising an option
                  to terminate the lease.


           After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.


           The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.




76   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




3.    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      Leases (continued)
      The Group as a lessee (continued)
      Lease modifications
      The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:


      •      the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying
             assets; and
      •      the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price
             for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the
             circumstances of the particular contract.


      For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability
      based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised
      discount rate at the effective date of the modification.


      The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to
      the relevant right-of-use asset. When the modified contract contains a lease component and one or more
      additional lease or non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the modified contract
      to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the
      aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.


      The Group as a lessor
      Classification and measurement of leases
      Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. Whenever the terms of
      the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to the
      lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases.


      Rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term of the
      relevant lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the
      carrying amount of the leased asset, and such costs are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis
      over the lease term.


      Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
      When a contract includes both leases and non-lease components, the Group applies HKFRS 15 to allocate
      consideration in a contract to lease and non-lease components. Non-lease components are separated from
      lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone selling prices.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022   77
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     3.    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
           Foreign currencies
           In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than
           the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchange prevailing
           on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign
           currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms
           of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.


           Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items,
           are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise, except for exchange differences on monetary
           items receivable from or payable to a foreign operation for which settlement is neither planned nor likely to
           occur (therefore forming part of the net investment in the foreign operation), which are recognised initially in
           other comprehensive income and reclassified from equity to profit or loss on disposal or partial disposal of the
           Group’s foreign operation.


           For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s
           operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. RMB) using exchange rates
           prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expense items are translated at the average
           exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly during the period, in which case
           the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of transactions are used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are
           recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the heading of translation reserve
           (attributed to non-controlling interests as appropriate).


           On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in a foreign operation,
           or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, or a partial disposal
           of an interest in a joint arrangement or an associate that includes a foreign operation of which the retained
           interest becomes a financial asset), all of the exchange differences accumulated in equity in respect of that
           operation attributable to the owners of the Company are reclassified to profit or loss.


           In addition, in relation to a partial disposal of a subsidiary that does not result in the Group losing control
           over the subsidiary, the proportionate share of accumulated exchange differences are re-attributed to non-
           controlling interests and are not recognised in profit or loss. For all other partial disposals (i.e. partial disposals
           of associates or joint arrangements that do not result in the Group losing significant influence or joint control),
           the proportionate share of the accumulated exchange differences is reclassified to profit or loss.


           Borrowing costs
           Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which
           are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are
           added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use
           or sale.


           All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.




78   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




3.    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      Government grants
      Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the
      conditions attaching to them and the grants will be received.


      Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group
      recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Specifically,
      government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise
      acquire non-current assets are recognised as deferred income in the consolidated statement of financial
      position and transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related
      assets.


      Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already
      incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are
      recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable.


      Employment benefits
      Retirement benefit costs
      Payments to the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme and state-managed retirement benefit schemes are
      recognised as an expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.


      Short-term employee benefits
      Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be
      paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an
      expense unless another HKFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.


      A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries and annual leave) after
      deducting any amount already paid.


      Share-based payments
      Equity-settled share-based payments transactions
      Share options granted to employees
      Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured at the
      fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.


      The fair value of the share options determined at the grant date without taking into consideration all non-
      market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s
      estimate of share options that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (employee share-
      based compensation reserve). At the end of the reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number
      of share options expected to vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The
      impact of the revision of the original estimate, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative
      expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based payment reserve.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022     79
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     3.    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
           Share-based payments (continued)
           Equity-settled share-based payments transactions (continued)
           Share options granted to employees (continued)
           When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in employee share-based compensation
           reserve will be transferred to share capital. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date
           or are still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in employee share-based
           compensation reserve will be transferred to accumulated profits.


           Awarded shares granted to employees
           For grants of awarded shares that are conditional upon satisfying specified vesting conditions, the fair value
           of services received is determined by reference to the fair value of awarded shares at the grant date and is
           expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of awarded shares
           that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (employee share-based compensation
           reserve).


           At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of awarded shares that are
           expected to ultimately vest. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit
           or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to
           equity (employee share-based compensation reserve).


           When trustee of the share award scheme purchases the Company’s shares from the open market, the
           consideration paid, including any directly attributable incremental costs, is deducted from total equity and is
           presented as treasury share reserve. No gain or loss is recognised on the transactions of the Company’s own
           shares.


           When the trustee transfers the Company’s granted shares to grantees upon vesting, the related costs of the
           granted shares vested are reversed from the treasury share reserve and the related expense of the granted
           shares vested is reversed from employee share-based compensation reserve. The difference arising from such
           transfer is debited/credited to accumulated profits.


           Taxation
           Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.


           The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit before tax
           because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable
           or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or
           substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.




80   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




3.    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      Taxation (continued)
      Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
      the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable
      profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets
      are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable
      profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred
      tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other
      than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit
      nor the accounting profit. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference
      arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.


      Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
      subsidiaries and interests in associates or joint ventures, except where the Group is able to control the
      reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the
      foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such
      investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient
      taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to
      reverse in the foreseeable future.


      The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to
      the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the
      asset to be recovered.


      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in
      which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted
      or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.


      The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from
      the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying
      amount of its assets and liabilities.


      For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the right-
      of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are
      attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.


      For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies
      HKAS 12 requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately. Temporary differences on initial
      recognition of the relevant right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are not recognised due to application of the
      initial recognition exemption.


      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax
      assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by
      the same taxation authority.

                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022      81
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     3.    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
           Taxation (continued)
           Current and deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except when it relates to items that are recognised
           in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also
           recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax
           arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for
           the business combination.


           Property, plant and equipment
           Property, plant and equipment including buildings and tangible assets that are held for use in the production
           or supply of goods or services, or for administrative purposes (other than construction in progress as
           described below) are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost, less subsequent
           accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.


           Buildings in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are carried at cost,
           less any recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the
           location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management,
           including costs of testing whether the related assets is functioning properly and, for qualifying assets,
           borrowing costs capitalised in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy. Depreciation of these assets,
           on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.


           When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which include both leasehold land
           and building elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the building
           elements in proportion to the relative fair values at initial recognition. To the extent the allocation of the
           relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in leasehold land is presented as “right-of-use assets” in the
           consolidated statement of financial position. When the consideration cannot be allocated reliably between
           non-lease building element and undivided interest in the underlying leasehold land, the entire properties are
           classified as property, plant and equipment.


           A property becomes an investment property because its use has changed as evidenced by end of owner-
           occupation.


           Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets less their residual values over their estimated
           useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation
           method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate
           accounted for on a prospective basis.


           An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic
           benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal
           or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales
           proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is included in profit or loss.




82   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




3.    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      Investment properties
      Investment properties are properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation.


      Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including any directly attributable expenditure.
      Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are stated at cost less subsequent accumulated
      depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of
      investment properties over their estimated useful lives and after taking into account of their estimated residual
      value, using the straight-line method.


      An investment property is derecognised upon disposal or when the investment property is permanently
      withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are expected from its disposal. Any gain or loss arising
      on derecognition of the property (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the
      carrying amount of the asset) is included in profit or loss in the period in which the property is derecognised.


      Intangible assets
      Intangible assets acquired separately
      Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less accumulated
      amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets with finite useful
      lives is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful lives and
      amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in
      estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible assets not yet available for use that are
      acquired separately are not amortised but tested individually for impairment annually and carried at cost less
      any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.


      Internally-generated intangible assets — research and development expenditure
      Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.


      An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development phase of
      an internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:


      •      the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;
      •      the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;
      •      the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;
      •      how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;
      •      the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and
             to use or sell the intangible asset; and
      •      the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its
             development.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022   83
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     3.    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
           Intangible assets (continued)
           Internally-generated intangible assets — research and development expenditure (continued)
           The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure incurred
           from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no internally-
           generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is recognised in profit or loss in the
           period in which it is incurred.


           Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible asset are reported at cost less accumulated
           amortisation and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible assets that are
           acquired separately.


           Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
           Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and are initially
           recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).


           Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite useful lives
           are reported at cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses, on the same
           basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately. Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
           not yet available for use or with indefinite useful lives are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated
           impairment losses.


           An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from
           use or disposal. Gain and loss arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the difference
           between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, is recognised in profit or loss when
           the asset is derecognised.


           Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets other than
           goodwill
           At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and
           equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets with finite useful lives to determine whether there is any
           indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable
           amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any).
           Intangible assets not yet available for use are tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an
           indication that they may be impaired.


           The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, and intangible assets are
           estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group
           estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU to which the asset belongs.




84   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




3.    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets other than
      goodwill (continued)
      In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to relevant CGUs when a
      reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise they are allocated to the
      smallest group of CGUs for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be established. The
      recoverable amount is determined for the CGU or group of CGUs to which the corporate asset belongs, and
      is compared with the carrying amount of the relevant CGU or group of CGUs.


      Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in
      use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
      reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a CGU)
      for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.


      If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a CGU) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying
      amount of the asset (or a CGU) is reduced to its recoverable amount. For corporate assets or portion of
      corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis to a CGU, the Group
      compares the carrying amount of a group of CGUs, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets
      or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group of CGUs, with the recoverable amount of the group of
      CGUs. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount
      of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount
      of each asset in the unit or the group of CGUs. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the
      highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The
      amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to
      the other assets of the unit or the group of CGUs. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or
      loss.


      Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or CGU or a group of
      CGUs) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying
      amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been
      recognised for the asset (or a CGU or a group of CGUs) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is
      recognised immediately in profit or loss.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022     85
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     3.    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
           Cash and cash equivalents
           Bank balances and cash include:


           (a)    cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits, excluding bank balances that are
                  subject to regulatory restrictions that result in such balances no longer meeting the definition of cash;
                  and


           (b)    cash equivalents, which comprises of short-term (generally with original maturity of three months or
                  less), highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and which are
                  subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value and restricted deposits. Cash equivalents are held
                  for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather than for investment or other purposes.


           For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of bank
           balance and cash as defined above.


           Bank balances for which use by the Group is subject to third party contractual restrictions are included as part
           of cash unless the restrictions result in a bank balance no longer meeting the definition of cash. Contractual
           restrictions affecting use of bank balances are disclosed in note 26.


           Inventories
           Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are determined on
           a weighted average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less
           all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale
           include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must
           incur to make the sale.


           Provisions
           Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past
           event, and it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable estimate can be
           made of the amount of the obligation.


           The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present
           obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the
           obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation,
           its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is
           material).




86   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




3.    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      Financial instruments
      Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual
      provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and
      derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets
      that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market
      place.


      Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising
      from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with HKFRS 15. Transaction
      costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other
      than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)) are added to or
      deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.
      Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value
      through profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss.


      The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial
      liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest
      rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees
      and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and
      other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where
      appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.


      Financial assets
      Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
      Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:


      •        the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows;
               and
      •        the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
               and interest on the principal amount outstanding.


      Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at FVTOCI:


      •        the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and
               collecting contractual cash flows; and
      •        the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
               and interest on the principal amount outstanding.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022      87
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     3.    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
           Financial instruments (continued)
           Financial assets (continued)
           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)
           All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial recognition of a financial
           asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment
           in other comprehensive income (“OCI”) if that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent
           consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which HKFRS 3 Business Combinations
           applies.


           A financial asset is held for trading if:


           •      it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or
           •      on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
                  together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
           •      it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.


           In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at the
           amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting
           mismatch.


           (i)    Amortised cost and interest income
                  Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured
                  subsequently at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate
                  to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently
                  become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-
                  impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost
                  of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial
                  instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is
                  recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset
                  from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-
                  impaired.




88   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




3.    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      Financial instruments (continued)
      Financial assets (continued)
      Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)
      (ii)    Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI
              Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains and
              losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in OCI and accumulated in other reserve; and are
              not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or
              loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to accumulated profits.


              Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the
              Group’s right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery
              of part of the cost of the investment. Dividends are included in the “other income” line item in profit or
              loss.


      (iii)   Financial assets at FVTPL
              Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or
              designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.


              Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any
              fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss
              excludes any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the “other gains and
              losses” line item.


      Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9
      The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial assets
      (including trade receivables, deposits and other receivables, bills receivables, amounts due from related
      companies, an associate and joint ventures, bank deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank balances)
      which are subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each
      reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.


      Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the
      relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is
      expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessment
      is done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the
      debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date
      as well as the forecast of future conditions.


      The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables and trade receivables due from related
      companies.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022     89
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     3.    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
           Financial instruments (continued)
           Financial assets (continued)
           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (continued)
           For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when there has
           been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognises lifetime
           ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the
           likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.


           (i)    Significant increase in credit risk
                  In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
                  compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the
                  risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this
                  assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and
                  supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without
                  undue cost or effort.


                  In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
                  increased significantly:


                  •       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available)
                          or internal credit rating;
                  •       significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in
                          the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;
                  •       existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
                          expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;
                  •       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and
                  •       an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                          environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its
                          debt obligations.


                  Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has
                  increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past
                  due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.


                  The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a
                  significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable
                  of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.




90   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




3.    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      Financial instruments (continued)
      Financial assets (continued)
      Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (continued)
      (ii)    Definition of default
              For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information
              developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its
              creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).


              Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more
              than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate
              that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.


      (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets
              A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the
              estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is
              credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:


              (a)    significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;


              (b)    a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;


              (c)    the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
                     financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not
                     otherwise consider;


              (d)    it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;
                     or


              (e)    the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.


      (iv)    Write-off policy
              The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is
              in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the
              counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the
              case of trade receivables and trade receivables due from related companies, when the amounts are
              over two years past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written off may still be subject to
              enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where
              appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in
              profit or loss.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022   91
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     3.    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
           Financial instruments (continued)
           Financial assets (continued)
           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (continued)
           (v)    Measurement and recognition of ECL
                  The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude
                  of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default
                  and loss given default is based on historical data and forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL
                  reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of
                  default occurring as the weights. The Group uses a practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade
                  receivables using a provision matrix taking into consideration historical credit loss experience, adjusted
                  for forward looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.


                  Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
                  accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the
                  effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.


                  Lifetime ECL for certain trade receivables are considered based on provision matrix taking into
                  consideration past due information and relevant credit information such as forward looking
                  macroeconomic information.


                  Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the
                  financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost
                  of the financial asset.


                  The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by
                  adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables and trade receivables due
                  from related companies, where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance
                  account.


           Derecognition of financial assets
           The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset
           expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the
           asset to another entity.


           On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying
           amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.


           On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition to
           measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the other reserve is not reclassified
           to profit or loss, but is transferred to accumulated profits.




92   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




3.    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      Financial instruments (continued)
      Financial liabilities and equity
      Classification as debt or equity
      Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the
      substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.


      Equity instruments
      An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting
      all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of
      direct issue costs.


      Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity. No gain
      or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity
      instruments.


      Financial liabilities
      All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method or at
      FVTPL.


      Financial liabilities at amortised cost
      Financial liabilities (including trade payables, other payables, bills payables, amounts due to joint ventures and
      related companies and bank borrowings) are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective
      interest method.


      Derecognition of financial liabilities
      The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
      cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised
      and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.


4.    Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty
      In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the Directors are required
      to make estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily
      apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are based on historical experience
      and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


      The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
      estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period,
      or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.


      The followings are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty
      at the end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the
      carrying amounts of assets within the next financial year.



                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022    93
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     4.    Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty (continued)
           Provision of ECL for trade receivables
           Trade receivables with major customers and credit-impaired are assessed for ECL individually.


           In addition, the Group uses practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables which are not assessed
           individually using a provision matrix. The provision rates are based on debtors’ aging as groupings of various
           debtors taking into consideration the Group’s historical default rates and forward-looking information that is
           reasonable and supportable available without undue costs or effort. At every reporting date, the historical
           observed default rates are reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information are considered.


           As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount of trade receivables amounting to RMB3,937,967,000 (2021:
           RMB3,309,148,000) were net of impairment allowance under ECL model. The provision of ECL is sensitive to
           changes in estimates. The information about the ECL are disclosed in note 40.


           Estimated impairment assessment of goodwill
           Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the value in use of the CGU (or a group of
           CGUs) to which goodwill has been allocated, which is the higher of the value in use or fair value less costs of
           disposal. The value in use calculation requires the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise
           from the CGU (or a group of CGUs) and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value. Where
           the actual future cash flows are less than expected, or changes in facts and circumstances which result in
           downward revision of future cash flows or upward revision of discount rate, a material impairment loss or
           further impairment loss may arise.


           As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount of goodwill amounted to RMB234,904,000 (2021:
           RMB149,983,000). Details of the recoverable amount calculation are disclosed in note 16.


           Estimated impairment assessment of intangible assets not yet available for use
           For intangible assets not yet available for use, the Group would assess the assets individually for impairment
           annually. In determining whether an asset is impaired, the Group has to exercise judgment and make
           estimation, particularly in assessing: (1) whether an event has occurred or any indicators that may affect the
           asset value; (2) whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported by the recoverable amount, in the
           case of value in use, the net present value of future cash flows which are estimated based upon the continued
           use of the asset; and (3) the appropriate key assumptions to be applied in estimating the recoverable
           amounts including cash flow projections and an appropriate discount rate. When it is not possible to estimate
           the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU to
           which the assets belong, including allocation of corporate assets when a reasonable and consistent basis
           of allocation can be established, otherwise recoverable amount is determined at the smallest group of cash
           generating units, for which the relevant corporate assets have been allocated. Changing the assumptions and
           estimates, including the discount rates or the growth rate in the cash flow projections, could materially affect
           the recoverable amounts.


           As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amounts of intangible assets not yet available for use amounted to
           RMB1,513,848,000 (2021: RMB384,837,000). Details of the assessment of impairment of intangible assets
           not yet available for use are disclosed in note 17.


94   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




4.    Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty (continued)
      Fair value measurement of financial assets
      As at 31 December 2022, certain of the Group’s financial assets, unquoted equity instruments amounting to
      RMB2,025,117,000 (2021: RMB1,912,620,000) were measured at fair values with fair value being determined
      based on significant unobservable inputs using valuation techniques. Judgement and estimation are required
      in establishing the relevant valuation techniques and the relevant inputs thereof. Changes in assumptions
      relating to these factors could affect the reported fair values of these instruments. See note 40c for further
      disclosures.


5.    Revenue and Segment Information
                                                                                              2022            2021
                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000


      Sale of goods                                                                    30,751,087       27,818,345
      Licence fee income                                                                  185,817           48,525

                                                                                       30,936,904       27,866,870



      Information reported to executive directors, being the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), for the
      purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance focuses on types of goods
      delivered.


      The Group’s reportable segments under HKFRS 8 Operating Segments are as follows:


      (a)    Finished drugs — research and development, manufacture and sale of pharmaceutical products and
             licence fee income;


      (b)    Bulk products — manufacture and sale of vitamin C, antibiotic and other products in bulk powder form;
             and


      (c)    Functional food and others — manufacture and sale of functional food products including caffeine
             additives and vitamin supplements, provision of healthcare service and others.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022     95
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     5.    Revenue and Segment Information (continued)
           Sale of goods
           Revenue is recognised at a point in time upon control of the goods has transferred, being when the goods
           have been delivered to the customer’s specific location. Following delivery, the customer bears the risks of
           obsolescence and loss in relation to the goods. The normal credit term is 90 days upon delivery.


           The transaction price received by the Group is recognised as a contract liability until the goods have been
           delivered to the customer.


           As at 31 December 2022, all outstanding sales contracts are expected to be fulfilled within one year. As
           permitted under HKFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.


           Licence fee income
           The Group provides licence of its patented intellectual property (“IP”) or commercialisation licence to
           customers and revenue is recognised when the customers obtain rights to access or use the underlying IP
           or licence. Licence fee income is recognised at a point in time upon the customer obtains control of IP or if
           control is transferred over time, e.g. commercialisation licence to customers for a term of period, revenue is
           recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance
           obligation.


           The consideration for licence comprises a fixed element (the upfront payment) and variable elements (including
           but not limited to development milestones and royalties).


           For licence associated with customers’ right to use, upfront fee received is recorded under contract liabilities
           and recognised as revenue only when customers have ability to use the licence and variable consideration
           is recognised only to the extent that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant
           revenue reversal in the future.




96   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




5.    Revenue and Segment Information (continued)
      Segment revenues and results
      The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by operating and reportable segments.


      For the year ended 31 December 2022


                                                            Bulk products          Functional
                                            Finished                 Antibiotics    food and     Segment
                                               drugs    Vitamin C    and others       others         total   Eliminations   Consolidated
                                            RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


      SEGMENT REVENUE
      External sales                       24,334,250   2,529,126     1,921,810     1,965,901   30,751,087             —      30,751,087
      Inter-segment sales                          —        4,285       290,797       80,191      375,273       (375,273)             —
      Licence fee income                     185,817           —             —             —      185,817              —         185,817

      TOTAL REVENUE                        24,520,067   2,533,411     2,212,607     2,046,092   31,312,177      (375,273)     30,936,904

      SEGMENT PROFIT                        6,067,844    442,574        189,760      571,819     7,271,997                     7,271,997

      Unallocated income                                                                                                         535,440
      Unallocated expenses                                                                                                      (232,955)
      Share of results of associates                                                                                             (42,509)
      Share of results of joint ventures                                                                                          27,114
      Gains on deemed disposal of
        partial interest in an associate
        and joint venture                                                                                                         48,065
      Finance costs                                                                                                              (24,891)

      Profit before tax                                                                                                        7,582,261




                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022          97
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     5.    Revenue and Segment Information (continued)
           Segment revenues and results (continued)
           For the year ended 31 December 2021


                                                                   Bulk products           Functional
                                                   Finished                  Antibiotics    food and      Segment
                                                      drugs   Vitamin C      and others       others          total   Eliminations   Consolidated
                                                  RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000


           SEGMENT REVENUE
           External sales                        22,632,919   2,149,099      1,670,110     1,366,217    27,818,345             —      27,818,345
           Inter-segment sales                           —      11,537         176,182        28,320      216,039       (216,039)              —
           Licence fee income                       48,525           —               —            —        48,525              —          48,525

           TOTAL REVENUE                         22,681,444   2,160,636      1,846,292     1,394,537    28,082,909      (216,039)     27,866,870

           SEGMENT PROFIT                         5,216,239    741,808         143,110      315,597      6,416,754                     6,416,754

           Unallocated income                                                                                                            479,651
           Unallocated expenses                                                                                                         (101,453)
           Share of results of associates                                                                                                 (23,894)
           Share of results of joint ventures                                                                                             46,337
           Gain on deemed disposal of
             partial interest in an associate                                                                                             13,092
           Gain on disposal of a joint venture                                                                                            24,273
           Finance costs                                                                                                                   (7,664)

           Profit before tax                                                                                                           6,847,096




98   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




5.    Revenue and Segment Information (continued)
      Segment revenues and results (continued)
      Segment profit represents the profit earned by each segment without allocation of interest income, fair value
      changes on structured bank deposits, fair value changes on financial assets measured at FVTPL, finance
      costs, central administrative expenses, share of results of associates and joint ventures, gain on deemed
      disposal of partial interest in an associate, gain on deemed disposal of partial interest in a joint venture and
      gain on disposal of a joint venture. This is the measure reported to the CODM for the purposes of resource
      allocation and performance assessment.


      Inter-segment sales are charged at prevailing market rates.


      The CODM makes decisions according to operating results of each segment. No analysis of segment asset
      and segment liability is presented as the CODM does not regularly review such information for the purposes of
      resources allocation and performance assessment. Therefore, only segment revenue and segment results are
      presented.


      Other segment information
      For the year ended 31 December 2022


                                                      Bulk products             Functional
                                      Finished                  Antibiotics      food and     Segment
                                        drugs     Vitamin C     and others          others        total    Unallocated    Consolidated
                                      RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000


      Depreciation and amortisation    751,084     123,182             99,933       64,033    1,038,232          9,707       1,047,939



      For the year ended 31 December 2021


                                                       Bulk products             Functional
                                       Finished                  Antibiotics      food and     Segment
                                         drugs    Vitamin C      and others         others         total    Unallocated    Consolidated
                                      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


      Depreciation and amortisation    609,873       86,331            92,799       66,683     855,686           9,785         865,471




                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022           99
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      5.    Revenue and Segment Information (continued)
            Geographical information
            Information about the Group’s revenue from external customers is presented based on the geographical
            location of customers:


                                                                                                    2022               2021
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000


            The PRC (country of domicile)                                                    26,139,499        24,288,769
            Other Asian regions                                                                1,735,668        1,474,553
            Americas                                                                           1,509,755        1,159,269
            Europe                                                                             1,268,015             700,267
            Others                                                                               283,967             244,012

                                                                                             30,936,904        27,866,870



            The Group’s operations are substantially based in the PRC and substantially all non-current assets of the
            Group are located in the PRC. Therefore, no further analysis of geographical information is presented.


            None of the Group’s customers contributed over 10% of the total revenue of the Group for both years.


      6.    Finance Costs
                                                                                                    2022               2021
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000


            Interest on discounted bills receivables                                               3,353                  —
            Interest on lease liabilities                                                         13,451               7,105
            Interest on bank borrowings                                                            8,087                559

                                                                                                  24,891               7,664




100   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




7.    Profit for the Year
                                                                                                      2022              2021
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


      Profit for the year has been arrived at after charging (crediting):


      Staff costs, including directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration
            — salaries, wages and other benefits                                                4,307,962          3,456,607
            — contribution to retirement benefit schemes                                          254,686            212,608
            — employee share-based compensation benefits (note a)                                 160,726             17,732

      Total staff costs                                                                         4,723,374          3,686,947

      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                               802,592            700,408
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                         152,869            137,983
      Depreciation of investment property                                                            2,126             1,719
      Amortisation of intangible assets                                                             90,352            25,361

      Total depreciation and amortisation                                                       1,047,939            865,471

      Auditor’s remuneration                                                                         7,806             9,941
      Government grant income (included in other income) (note 34)                                (195,005)          (96,252)
      Impairment losses (reversed) recognised under expected credit loss model
            (included in other gains or losses)                                                    (25,734)            4,070
      Impairment losses recognised on intangible assets
            (included in other gains or losses)                                                     72,105            50,000
      Interest income (included in other income)                                                  (242,528)         (183,240)
      Fair value gain on financial assets measured at FVTPL
            (included in other gain or losses)                                                    (100,905)         (205,040)
      Fair value gain on structured bank deposits
            (included in other gains or losses)                                                   (117,435)          (81,532)
      Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment
            (included in other gains or losses)                                                      7,361            10,786
      Net foreign exchange (gain) loss (included in other gains or losses)                        (118,127)           35,961



      Notes:


      (a)       The amount mainly included employee share-based compensation expenses of RMB6,904,000 (2021:
                RMB16,242,000) in respect of share awards granted under the Share Award Scheme of the Company and
                RMB149,780,000 (2021: nil) in respect of share awards granted by a shareholder of the Company involving the
                existing shares of the Company held by the shareholder.


      (b)       Cost of inventories recognised as an expense approximated cost of sales as shown in the consolidated statement
                of profit or loss for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022      101
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      8.    Income Tax Expense
                                                                                                   2022              2021
                                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000


            Current taxation:
               — PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“PRC EIT”)                                        1,189,308            880,441
               — PRC withholding tax on dividends distributed by subsidiaries                  133,187              94,750
               — United States of America (“USA”) Federal and State Income tax                   12,965              6,787

                                                                                              1,335,460            981,978
            Deferred taxation (note 33)                                                          14,751            176,994

                                                                                              1,350,211        1,158,972



            The calculation of Hong Kong Profits Tax for the Company and its subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong
            is based on the prevailing tax rates in Hong Kong. No Hong Kong Profits Tax has been recognised as the
            Company and its subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong had no assessable profits for both years.


            The basic tax rate of the Company’s PRC subsidiaries is 25% under the law of the PRC on Enterprise Income
            Tax (the “EIT Law”) and implementation regulations of the EIT Law. Certain subsidiaries of the Company are
            qualified as advanced technology enterprises and have obtained approvals from the relevant tax authorities
            for the applicable tax rate reduced to 15% for a period of 3 years up to 2024.


            The calculation of USA Federal and State Income Tax is based on the prevailing tax rates in the USA.




102   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




8.    Income Tax Expense (continued)
      The income tax expense for the year can be reconciled to the profit before tax per the consolidated statement
      of profit or loss as follows:


                                                                                            2022             2021
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000


      Profit before tax                                                                7,582,261        6,847,096

      Tax at the PRC EIT rate of 25%                                                   1,895,565        1,711,774
      Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                              236,938          173,260
      Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                                    (48,207)         (53,457)
      Tax effect of share of results of associates                                         10,627            5,973
      Tax effect of share of results of joint ventures                                     (6,779)         (11,584)
      Utilisation of tax losses not previously recognised                                      —           (99,796)
      Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                            298,981            37,542
      Effect of tax relief and concessions granted to certain PRC subsidiaries         (1,220,045)        (785,913)
      Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries operating in other jurisdictions           —            (1,077)
      PRC withholding tax on dividends distribution by subsidiaries                      183,131          182,250

      Income tax expense for the year                                                  1,350,211        1,158,972



      Details of deferred taxation and unused tax losses are set out in note 33.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022     103
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      9.    Directors’ Emoluments
            The emoluments paid or payable to each of the 15 (2021: 16) directors were as follows:


                                                                       Employee                         Contributions
                                                         Salaries    share-based         Performance-    to retiremen
                                                             and    compensation              related         benefit
            2022                               Fees   allowances         benefits            bonuses        schemes        Total
                                            RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000              RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000


            Executive directors:
            Cai Dongchen (i)                     54        3,795               —               15,460            350     19,659
            Zhang Cuilong (ii)                   54          693               —                9,877             60     10,684
            Wang Zhenguo                         54          693               —                4,724             60      5,531
            Pan Weidong                          54          686               —                4,724            100      5,564
            Wang Huaiyu                          54          693               —                5,583             60      6,390
            Li Chunlei                           54          693               —                6,871             60      7,678
            Wang Qingxi                          54        1,820           2,214 (iii)          2,577            109      6,774
            Chak Kin Man                         54        2,030               —                3,006            187      5,277
            Jiang Hao                            54          644               —                4,295             77      5,070

            Independent non-executive
              directors:
            Wang Bo                             135            —               —                   —               —        135
            Chen Chuan                          135            —               —                   —               —        135
            Wang Hongguang                      135            —               —                   —               —        135
            Au Chun Kwok Alan                   325            —               —                   —               —        325
            Law Cheuk Kin Stephen               271            —               —                   —               —        271
            Li Quan (iv)                         20            —               —                   —               —         20
            Wu Guizhen (v)                       —             —               —                   —               —         —

                                              1,507       11,747           2,214               57,117           1,063    73,648




104   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




9.    Directors’ Emoluments (continued)
                                                                Employee                     Contributions
                                                  Salaries    share-based    Performance-     to retiremen
                                                      and    compensation          related         benefit
      2021                               Fees   allowances        benefits       bonuses         schemes          Total
                                      RMB’000    RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000


      Executive directors:
      Cai Dongchen (i)                     50       3,747              —            9,130             348       13,275
      Zhang Cuilong (ii)                   50         693              —            8,300              65        9,108
      Wang Zhenguo                         50         693              —            4,150              65        4,958
      Pan Weidong                          50         679              —            4,150             123        5,002
      Wang Huaiyu                          50         693              —            4,150              65        4,958
      Li Chunlei                           50         693              —            4,150              69        4,962
      Wang Qingxi                          50       1,613              —               —               75        1,738
      Chak Kin Man                         50       1,868              —            2,905             172        4,995
      Jiang Hao                            50         706              —            4,150              97        5,003

      Independent non-executive
        directors:
      Wang Bo                             125           —              —               —               —          125
      Chen Chuan                          125           —              —               —               —          125
      Wang Hongguang (vi)                 125           —              —               —               —          125
      Au Chun Kwok Alan (vii)             299           —              —               —               —          299
      Law Cheuk Kin Stephen (viii)        249           —              —               —               —          249
      Lo Yuk Lam (ix)                       7           —              —               —               —             7
      Yu Jimming (x)                       15           —              —               —               —            15

                                        1,395      11,385              —          41,085            1,079       54,944




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022     105
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      9.    Directors’ Emoluments (continued)
            Notes:


            (i)      Mr. Cai ceased to serve as the CEO of the Company on 27 May 2022.


            (ii)     Mr. Zhang was appointed as the CEO of the Company on 27 May 2022. Before this appointment, he was the
                     Rotating CEO.


            (iii)    The amount represented the fair value of share awards granted by a shareholder of the Company recognised in the
                     consolidated statement of profit or loss during the year (note 37c).


            (iv)     Ms. Li was appointed as an independent non-executive director on 8 November 2022.


            (v)      Ms. Wu was appointed as an independent non-executive director on 27 May 2022 and resigned on 1 August 2022.


            (vi)     Prof. Wang was appointed as an independent non-executive director on 27 January 2021.


            (vii)    Mr. Au was appointed as an independent non-executive director on 27 January 2021.


            (viii)   Mr. Law was appointed as an independent non-executive director on 8 March 2021.


            (ix)     Prof. Lo resigned as an independent non-executive director on 27 January 2021.


            (x)      Dr. Yu resigned as an independent non-executive director on 8 March 2021.


            The directors’ fees shown above were in respect of their services as directors of the Company, and the other
            emoluments shown above were mainly for their services in connection with the management of the affairs of
            the Company and its subsidiaries.


            The performance-related incentive payment was determined by the remuneration committee for both years
            having regard to the performance of the Group, performance and responsibilities of individuals as well as
            prevailing market practices. No remuneration was paid by the Group to the Directors as an inducement to join
            or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office. In addition, none of the Directors waived any
            emoluments in both years.


            Other than as disclosed above, no transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which the
            Company, or any of its fellow subsidiaries or subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or his connected
            entities had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time
            during the year.




106   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




10.   Five Highest Paid Employees
      The five highest paid employees of the Group included four (2021: three) directors of the Company, details
      of whose emoluments are set out in note 9 above. The emoluments of the remaining one (2021: two) highest
      paid employee are as follows:


                                                                                          2022             2021
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000


      Salaries and allowances                                                              384            3,266
      Performance-related bonus                                                          3,865           10,887
      Contributions to retirement benefit schemes                                            61             185
      Employee share-based compensation benefits                                         2,214           12,338

                                                                                         6,524           26,676



      The emoluments of the remaining one (2021: two) employee, including employee share-based compensation
      benefits, were within the following bands:


                                                                                     Number of employees
                                                                                          2022             2021


      HK$7,500,001 to HK$8,000,000                                                            1              —
      HK$13,500,001 to HK$14,000,000                                                         —                1
      HK$19,000,001 to HK$19,500,000                                                         —                1



      No emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the five highest paid employees as an inducement to join or
      upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office in both years.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022    107
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      11.   Earnings Per Share
            The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the owners of the Company is
            based on the following data:


            Earnings                                                                              2022             2021
                                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000


            Earnings for the purpose of basic and diluted earnings per share                 6,091,390        5,605,185



            Number of shares                                                                      2022             2021
                                                                                                   ’000             ’000


            Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose
               of basic earnings per share                                                  11,917,204       11,953,486

            Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
            Unvested shares under the Company’s share award scheme                                1,319              353

            Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose
               of diluted earnings per share                                                11,918,523       11,953,839


            The weighted average number of ordinary shares for the calculation of basic earnings per share for both years
            has been adjusted for the effects of the shares held by the trustee under the share award scheme of the
            Company.

      12.   Dividends
                                                                                                  2022             2021
                                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000


            Dividends recognised as distribution during the year:

            Interim dividend paid:
               2022: HK10 cents (approximately RMB9.0 cents)
               (2021: HK8 cents (approximately RMB6.6 cents)) per share                      1,079,240          795,058

            Final dividend paid:
               2021: HK10 cents (approximately RMB8.6 cents)
               (2020: HK9 cents(approximately RMB7.5 cents)) per share                       1,020,529          898,320

            Less: dividend for shares held by share award scheme                                 (2,808)          (2,615)

                                                                                             2,096,961        1,690,763


            Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, a final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December
            2022 of HK11 cents per share has been proposed by the Directors and is subject to approval by the
            shareholders in the forthcoming general meeting. This proposed dividend has not yet been recognised as a
            liability in the consolidated financial statements.

108   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




13.   Property, Plant and Equipment
                                                                    Furniture,
                                                                      fixtures
                                                       Plant and    and office      Motor     Construction
                                          Buildings    machinery    equipment     vehicles     in progress         Total
                                          RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


      COST
      At 1 January 2021                   3,569,264    5,554,634      391,468      14,751        1,483,059    11,013,176
      Additions                            165,426        92,556       11,273       1,271        1,286,721     1,557,247
      Transfers                            443,277       750,567       41,843           —       (1,235,687)           —
      Disposals                             (41,737)    (128,339)       (6,475)         —               —       (176,551)
      Exchange adjustments                     (913)        (786)          (66)        (41)             —         (1,806)

      At 31 December 2021                 4,135,317    6,268,632      438,043      15,981        1,534,093    12,392,066
      Additions                             24,086       105,853       37,513       5,543        1,650,298     1,823,293
      Transfer to investment properties     (35,528)          —             —           —               —        (35,528)
      Transfers                            443,923       475,630       21,520           —         (941,073)           —
      Acquisition of subsidiaries           68,894         9,098        3,634          48            1,604       83,278
      Disposals                                  —       (52,506)     (13,469)      (1,122)             —        (67,097)
      Exchange adjustments                   2,580         2,442          196         145               —          5,363


      At 31 December 2022                 4,639,272    6,809,149      487,437      20,595        2,244,922    14,201,375


      DEPRECIATION
      At 1 January 2021                    906,676     2,156,976      168,618      10,464               —      3,242,734
      Provided for the year                166,989       486,597       43,615       3,207               —       700,408
      Eliminated on disposals                (6,954)     (67,075)       (6,045)         —               —        (80,074)
      Exchange adjustments                      (82)        (218)          (40)        (32)             —           (372)

      At 31 December 2021                 1,066,629    2,576,280      206,148      13,639               —      3,862,696
      Provided for the year                213,714       528,232       55,160       5,486               —       802,592
      Transfer to investment properties      (4,352)          —             —           —               —         (4,352)
      Eliminated on disposals                    —       (31,992)       (9,912)      (999)              —        (42,903)
      Exchange adjustments                     260           773          125         124               —          1,282

      At 31 December 2022                 1,276,251    3,073,293      251,521      18,250               —      4,619,315

      CARRYING VALUES
      At 31 December 2022                 3,363,021    3,735,856      235,916       2,345        2,244,922     9,582,060


      At 31 December 2021                 3,068,688    3,692,352      231,895       2,342        1,534,093     8,529,370




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022       109
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      13.   Property, Plant and Equipment (continued)
            The Group has obtained the formal title for all buildings in the PRC except for buildings with carrying amount
            of RMB545,170,000(2021: RMB464,513,000) being in the process of obtaining.


            The above items of property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, after taking account
            their residual values, are depreciated on a straight-line basis at the following rates per annum:


            Buildings                                                    Over the shorter of the lease term or 20 to 25 years
            Plant and machinery                                          5% - 10%
            Furniture, fixtures and office equipment                     20% - 33.33%
            Motor vehicles                                               20%

      14.   Right-of-use Assets
                                                                                                                           Land and
                                                                                                                           buildings
                                                                                                                            RMB’000


            CARRYING AMOUNT
            As at 1 January 2021                                                                                           1,163,898
            Additions                                                                                                           9,123
            Depreciation provided for the year                                                                               (137,983)
            Exchange adjustment                                                                                                   (489)

            As at 31 December 2021                                                                                         1,034,549
            Additions                                                                                                        443,792
            Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                                        64,026
            Depreciation provided for the year                                                                              (152,869)
            Exchange adjustment                                                                                                 5,361

            As at 31 December 2022                                                                                         1,394,859



                                                                                                              2022               2021
                                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


            Expenses relating to short-term leases
               and other leases with lease terms ending within 12 months                                         —              1,516
            Total cash outflows for leases (Note)                                                         156,627            140,940



            Note:   Amount includes payments of principal and interest portion of lease liabilities, short-term leases and payments for
                    right-of-use assets.




110   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




14.   Right-of-use Assets (continued)
      The Group has entered into contracts to lease certain land and buildings for its operations for a fixed term
      of one year to twenty years. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of
      different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable
      period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract is
      enforceable.


      In addition, lease liabilities of RMB400,110,000 (2021: RMB94,044,000) are recognised with related right-of-
      use assets of RMB388,309,000 as at 31 December 2022 (2021: RMB86,764,000). The lease agreements do
      not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor.
      Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.


15.   Investment Property
                                                                                                            RMB’000


      COST
      At 1 January 2021 and 31 December 2021                                                                  37,125
      Transfer from property, plant and equipment (note 13)                                                   35,528

      At 31 December 2022                                                                                     72,653


      DEPRECIATION
      At 1 January 2021                                                                                         1,719
      Provided for the year                                                                                     1,719

      At 31 December 2021                                                                                       3,438
      Provided for the year                                                                                     2,126
      Transfer from property, plant and equipment (note 13)                                                     4,352

      At 31 December 2022                                                                                       9,916

      CARRYING VALUES
      At 31 December 2022                                                                                     62,737


      At 31 December 2021                                                                                     33,687



      The investment property is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of lease terms of the leasehold
      land or 5% per annum.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022     111
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      15.   Investment Property (continued)
            The fair value of the Group’s investment property at 31 December 2022 was approximately RMB117,460,000
            (2021: RMB57,789,000). The fair value was determined by the Directors with reference to recent market
            evidence of transaction prices for similar properties in similar locations and conditions. In estimating the fair
            value at level 3 hierarchy of the property, the highest and best use of the property is its current use.


      16.   Goodwill and Impairment Testing on Goodwill
                                                                                                                       RMB’000


            COST
            At 1 January 2021 and 31 December 2021                                                                     149,983
            Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 36)                                                                       84,921

            At 31 December 2022                                                                                        234,904



            For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill has been allocated to six individual CGUs as at 31 December
            2022 (2021: four). The carrying amount of goodwill as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 allocated to these
            units is as follows:


                                                                                                        2022              2021
                                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000


            Ouyi Group (note a)                                                                       82,172            82,172
            Baike Group (note a)                                                                      17,875            17,875
            Gold Faith Group (note a)                                                                  1,724             1,724
            Bioworkshops Group (note a)                                                               13,313                —
            Yong Shun Group (note b)                                                                  48,212            48,212
            Zhifan Group (note c)                                                                     71,608                —

                                                                                                    234,904            149,983




112   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




16.   Goodwill and Impairment Testing on Goodwill (continued)
      Notes:


      (a)      The recoverable amounts of Ouyi (as defined in note 44) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “Ouyi
               Group”), Baike Shandong (as defined in note 44) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “Baike Group”),
               Gold Faith Investments Limited (“Gold Faith”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “Gold Faith Group”)
               and Bioworkshops (as defined in note 36) and its subsidiary (collectively referred to as “Bioworkshops Group”)
               are determined based on value-in-use calculations with certain key assumptions. The calculations use cash flow
               projections based on financial forecasts approved by management. The pre-tax discount rates used in the projected
               cash flows are at a range of 12% to 15% (2021: 12% to 15%) per annum. Cash flows beyond the forecasted period
               are extrapolated using a steady 2% to 3% (2021: 3%) growth rate. The long-term growth rates are based on the
               relevant industry growth forecasts and do not exceed the average long-term growth rate for the relevant industry.
               Other key assumptions include forecast sales based on past performance and management’s expectation of the
               market development. The Directors believe that any reasonably possible changes in any of these assumptions would
               not cause the carrying amounts to exceed the recoverable amount.


      (b)      The recoverable amount of Yong Shun Technology Development Limited (“Yong Shun”) and its subsidiaries
               (collectively referred to as “Yong Shun Group”) is determined based on value-in-use calculation with certain key
               assumptions. The calculation uses cash flow projection based on financial forecast approved by the management.
               The pre-tax discount rate used in the projected cash flows is 21% per annum (2021: 22%). Cash flows beyond
               the forecasted period are extrapolated using a steady 2% growth rate (2021: 3%). The long-term growth rate is
               based on the relevant industry growth forecasts and does not exceed the average long-term growth rate for the
               relevant industry. Other key assumptions include forecast sales based on management’s expectations of the market
               development. The Directors believe that any reasonably possible changes in any of these assumptions would not
               cause the carrying amount to exceed the recoverable amount.


      (c)      The recoverable amount of Zhifan Group (as defined in note 36) is determined based on value-in-use calculation
               with certain key assumptions. The calculation uses cash flow projection based on financial forecast approved by
               the management. The pre-tax discount rate used to in the projected cash flows is 22% per annum. Cash flows
               beyond the forecasted period are extrapolated using a steady 2% growth rate. The long-term growth rate is based
               on the relevant industry growth forecasts and does not exceed the average long-term growth rate for the relevant
               industry. Other key assumptions which include forecast sales based on management’s expectations of the market
               development.


      The Directors considered that there was no impairment of any of its CGUs containing goodwill for the years
      ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022       113
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      17.   Intangible Assets
                                                               Research and         Product
                                            Development        development      licences and
                                                   costs           projects         patents         Total
                                                RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                  (note a)           (note b)        (note c)


            COST
            At 1 January 2021                    127,190            281,114         284,880      693,184
            Additions                             31,223                  —            3,638      34,861
            Exchange adjustments                       (518)              —             (173)        (691)

            At 31 December 2021                  157,895            281,114         288,345      727,354
            Additions                             28,610                  —         610,216      638,826
            Acquisition of subsidiaries                   3         962,574               —      962,577
            Written-off                                  —                —           (2,018)      (2,018)
            Exchange adjustments                        20                —            2,756       2,776
            At 31 December 2022                  186,528          1,243,688         899,299     2,329,515

            AMORTISATION AND IMPAIRMENT
            At 1 January 2021                    113,044                  —          71,398      184,442
            Provided for the year                  3,095                  —          22,266       25,361
            Impairment loss recognised                   —                —          50,000       50,000
            Exchange adjustments                       (227)              —              (76)        (303)

            At 31 December 2021                  115,912                  —         143,588      259,500
            Provided for the year                 19,135             24,316          46,901       90,352
            Impairment loss recognised            15,657                  —          56,448       72,105
            Written-off                                  —                —           (2,018)      (2,018)
            Exchange adjustments                        10                —            1,454       1,464

            At 31 December 2022                  150,714             24,316         246,373      421,403

            CARRYING VALUES
            At 31 December 2022                   35,814          1,219,372         652,926     1,908,112


            At 31 December 2021                   41,983            281,114         144,757      467,854




114   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




17.   Intangible Assets (continued)
      Notes:


      (a)      Development costs mainly represent costs internally generated or techniques acquired from third parties for the
               development of products and production technology.


      (b)      Research and development projects were acquired through business combination. As at 31 December 2022,
               research and development projects not yet available for use of RMB946,849,000 (2021: RMB281,114,000) are
               not amortised, but tested individually for impairment annually until the completion or abandonment of the related
               research and development efforts.


      (c)      The item represents consideration paid by the Group for obtaining product licences and patents of drugs or drug
               candidates. As at 31 December 2022, product licences and patents not yet available for use of RMB566,999,000
               (2021: RMB103,723,000) are not amortised, but tested individually for impairment annually until relevant regulatory
               approval of the product has been obtained.


      During the year ended 31 December 2022, management of the Group concluded there was indication of
      negative changes in markets and conducted impairment assessment of certain intangible assets with finite
      useful live and recognised an impairment loss of RMB72,105,000 (2021: RMB50,000,000). The recoverable
      amounts of these intangible assets of RMB85,928,000 (2021: RMB13,000,000) are determined based on a
      value-in-use calculations. The calculations use cash flow projections based on financial forecast approved
      by the management covering the shorter of useful lives or the following 5 years with pre-tax discount rates
      of 18% to 23% (2021: 20%). The annual growth rate used is 3% (2021: 3%), which is based on the industry
      growth forecasts and does not exceed the long-term average growth rate for the relevant industry.


      The recoverable amounts of intangible assets not yet available for use are determined based on value-in-use
      calculations using cash flow projection based on financial forecast approved by the management. The pre-tax
      discount rates used in the cash flow projections are 16% to 23% (2021: 18% to 23%), which are determined
      with reference to the average discount rate for each intangible asset with similar business risk and after taking
      into account the risk premium in connection with the related research and development efforts. The annual
      growth rate used is 3%, which is based on the industry growth forecasts and does not exceed the long-term
      average growth rate for the relevant industry.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022       115
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      17.   Intangible Assets (continued)
            Key assumptions used by management in the cash flow projections for undertaking impairment testing
            include:


            The estimation of cash inflows/outflows include forecast sales based on management’s expectation of the
            market development.


            Discount rate — The discount rate used is before tax and reflects specific risks in respect of the related
            research and development efforts.


            Growth rate — The growth rate is based on the estimated growth rate of related products taking into account
            the industry growth rate, past experience and the medium-term or long-term growth target.


            The above intangible assets having finite useful lives are amortised on a straight-line basis over their estimated
            useful lives:


            Development costs                                1 to 10 years
            Research and development projects                3 to 10 years
            Exclusive commercialisation right                3 to 10 years
            Product licences and patents                     3 to 10 years

      18.   Interests in Associates
                                                                                                      2022              2021
                                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000


            Cost of investments in associates                                                      733,675           682,675
            Share of post-acquisition reserves                                                      (48,385)          (31,719)

                                                                                                   685,290           650,956




116   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




18.   Interests in Associates (continued)
                                                                       Place of
                                                                       registration and     Proportion of ownership
                                                                       principal place of   interest/voting rights held
      Name of company                            Legal form            business                   by the Group                Principal activities
                                                                                                 2022               2021


      Beijing Guoxinhuijin Co, Ltd. (“Guoxin”)   Limited liability     The PRC                 30.07%             30.07% Network media


      Wuhan YZY Biopharma Co, Ltd.               Limited liability     The PRC                 29.72%             33.89% Pharmaceutical
        (“YZY Biopharma)                                                                                                        research and
                                                                                                                                development


      Shijiazhuang High-Tech Zone                Limited partnership   The PRC                 21.50%             21.50% Investment holding
        Puenguoxin Investment Center
        (Limited Partnership)


      Wuhan KDWS Biological Technology           Limited liability     The PRC                  9.72%              6.98% Pharmaceutical
        Co., Ltd (“KDWS”) (Note)                                                                                                research and
                                                                                                                                development


      Qingdao Shiyao Xiantong                    Limited partnership   The PRC                    35%                35% Investment holding
        New Drug Investment Partnership
        (Limited Partnership)


      Taizhou Huarui Shiyao Fengshou             Limited partnership   The PRC                 20.83%             20.83% Investment holding
        Equity Investment Partnership
        (Limited Partnership)


      Qingdao Puen Zerui Private                 Limited partnership   The PRC                    10%                     — Investment holding
        Equity International Partnership
        (Limited Partnership) (“QPZP”) (Note)


      Note:     The Group has significant influence through its board representation in KDWS and QPZP.


      The associates are accounted for using equity method in the consolidated financial statements. Summarised
      financial information of the Group’s associates which represents amounts shown in the associates’ financial
      statements prepared in accordance with HKFRSs are set out below.




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022         117
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      18.   Interests in Associates (continued)
            Guoxin
                                                                                                2022             2021
                                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000


            Current assets                                                                   362,814          310,049
            Non-current assets                                                               486,734          502,569
            Current liabilities                                                              (30,591)         (26,900)
            Non-current liabilities                                                          (78,161)         (74,724)
            Revenue                                                                          134,645          116,689
            Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                                29,800           16,961



            Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in the
            associate recognised in the consolidated financial statements:


                                                                                                2022             2021
                                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000


            Net assets                                                                       740,796          710,994
            Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest                                     30.07%           30.07%

            The Group’s share of net assets                                                  222,757          213,796
            Goodwill                                                                          28,909           28,909

            Carrying amount of the Group’s interest                                          251,666          242,705



            YZY Biopharma
                                                                                                2022             2021
                                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000


            Current assets                                                                   240,737          142,549
            Non-current assets                                                               627,264          625,817
            Current liabilities                                                             (110,144)         (39,656)
            Non-current liabilities                                                         (121,243)         (89,855)
            Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year                               (187,005)         (87,120)




118   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




18.   Interests in Associates (continued)
      YZY Biopharma (continued)
      Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in the
      associate recognised in the consolidated financial statements:


                                                                                                2022               2021
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000


      Net assets                                                                             636,614            638,855
      Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest                                           29.72%              33.89%

      The Group’s share of net assets                                                        189,202            216,507
      Goodwill                                                                                36,884             44,182
      Other adjustments                                                                        (3,750)            (6,381)

      Carrying amount of the Group’s interest                                                222,336            254,308



      The aggregate information of associates that are not individually material is considered insignificant.


      Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material
                                                                                                2022               2021
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000


      The Group’s share of profits (losses) and total comprehensive
         income (expense), net of dividends received                                          12,399                 (56)
      Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s interests in these associates                 211,288            153,943



19.   Interests in Joint Ventures
                                                                                                2022               2021
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000


      Cost of investment in joint ventures                                                   620,611            142,910
      Deemed capital contribution                                                                  —             38,497
      Share of post-acquisition reserves                                                      88,871            111,098

                                                                                             709,482            292,505




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022      119
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      19.   Interests in Joint Ventures (continued)
                                                                          Place of
                                                                          registration and      Proportion of ownership
                                                                          principal place of   interest/voting rights held
            Name of company                         Legal form            business                   by the Group                Principal activities
                                                                                                    2022               2021


            Hebei Huarong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd   Sino foreign equity   The PRC                 26.47%             26.47% Manufacture and sale
              (“Hebei Pharmaceutical”) (note a)       joint venture                                                                of vitamin B12
                                                                                                                                   products


            Yantai Jiashi Pharmaceutical            Sino foreign equity   The PRC                    50%                50% Investment holding
              Technology Co., Ltd                     joint venture
              (“Yantai Jiashi”) (note a)


            Bioworkshops Limited                    Limited liability     The British Virgin         N/A                78% Investment holding
              (“Bioworkshops”) (note b)                                     Islands (“BVI”)


            Bioworkshops (Suzhou) Limited           Limited liability     The PRC                 60.67%                     — Pharmaceutical
              (“Bioworkshops (Suzhou)”) (note a)                                                                                   research and
                                                                                                                                   development


            CSPC Health and Life Research           Limited liability     The PRC                    55%                55% Pharmaceutical
              Institute (Sanya) Co., Ltd (note a)                                                                                  research and
                                                                                                                                   development


            Notes:

            (a)       Pursuant to the relevant agreements and articles of association, the strategic financial and operating decisions
                      relating to the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of all the joint venture partners. Accordingly, these
                      companies were accounted for as joint ventures.


            (b)       During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group acquired the shares from other joint venture partners and
                      Bioworkshops became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group.


            The joint ventures are accounted for using equity method in the consolidated financial statements.
            Summarised financial information the Group’s material joint ventures which represents amounts shown in the
            joint ventures’ financial statements prepared in accordance with HKFRSs is set out below.




120   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




19.   Interests in Joint Ventures (continued)
      Hebei Pharmaceutical
                                                                                               2022            2021
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000


      Current assets                                                                     964,071            720,764
      Non-current assets                                                                 691,944            657,047
      Current liabilities                                                               (277,304)          (312,280)
      The above amounts of assets and liabilities include the following:
         Cash and cash equivalents                                                       558,497            156,149


      Revenue                                                                            989,528            921,578
      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                                 182,880            225,705
      Dividends received from Hebei Pharmaceutical during the year                           65,509          45,000
      The above profit for the year includes the following:
         Depreciation and amortisation                                                       (52,636)       (46,851)
         Interest income                                                                      2,925           6,318
         Income tax expense                                                                  (35,690)       (39,822)



      Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in Hebei
      Pharmaceutical recognised in the consolidated financial statements:


                                                                                               2022            2021
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000


      Net assets                                                                       1,378,711          1,065,531
      Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest                                           26.47%         26.47%
                                                                                         b




      The Group’s share of net assets                                                    364,945            282,046
      Other adjustment                                                                       (28,609)       (28,609)
                                                                                         b




                                                                                         336,336            253,437




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022   121
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      19.   Interests in Joint Ventures (continued)
            Bioworkshops (Suzhou)
                                                                                                               2022
                                                                                                        RMB’000


            Current assets                                                                               176,508
            Non-current assets                                                                           353,826
            Current liabilities                                                                              (75,113)
            Non-current liabilities                                                                     (120,879)
            The above amounts of assets and liabilities include the following:
               Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 100,819


            Revenue                                                                                          25,916
            Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year                                                (32,836)
            The above loss for the year includes the following:
               Depreciation and amortisation                                                                  (5,657)
               Interest income                                                                                1,508
               Income tax credit                                                                                113



            Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in
            Bioworkshops (Suzhou) recognised in the consolidated financial statements:


                                                                                                               2022
                                                                                                        RMB’000


            Net assets                                                                                   334,342
            Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest                                                     60.67%
                                                                                                         b




            The Group’s share of net assets                                                              202,834
            Goodwill                                                                                         51,608
            Other adjustment                                                                                 21,328
                                                                                                         b




                                                                                                         275,770




122   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




19.   Interests in Joint Ventures (continued)
      Aggregate information of joint ventures that are not individually material
                                                                                                             2022              2021
                                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000


      The Group’s share of losses and total comprehensive expense                                           (1,692)            (932)
      Unrecognised share of losses of the joint ventures for the year                                      (23,752)         (20,205)
      Cumulative unrecognised share of losses of the joint ventures                                        (51,879)         (28,127)



20.   Other Financial Assets
                                                                                                             2022              2021
                                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000


      Unlisted investments in partnerships and funds                                                 1,767,743           1,693,705
      Listed equity securities                                                                         100,457              66,725
      Unlisted equity securities                                                                       257,374             218,915
                                                                                                       b




                                                                                                     2,125,574           1,979,345



      Analysed as:
         Financial assets measured at FVTPL                                                          1,843,961           1,733,068
         Financial assets measured at FVTOCI (note)                                                    281,613             246,277
                                                                                                       b




                                                                                                     2,125,574           1,979,345



      Note:   The Directors have elected to designate these investments to be measured at FVTOCI as they believe that
              recognising short-term fluctuations in these investments’ fair value in profit or loss would not be consistent with the
              Group’s strategy of holding these investments for long-term purposes and realising their performance potential in
              the long run.


      The Directors consider that the Group does not have any control nor significant influence to affect the variable
      returns through its investment in those enterprises or similar activities.


      In the current year, the Group received RMB73,177,000 (2021: RMB586,593,000) upon distribution by the
      partnerships and funds, which was also the fair value as at the date of distribution.




                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022      123
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      21.   Inventories
                                                                                                     2022          2021
                                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000


            Raw materials                                                                      810,800          765,469
            Work in progress                                                                   284,283          295,314
            Finished goods                                                                   1,459,778        1,419,586
                                                                                               b




                                                                                             2,554,861        2,480,369



            The inventories are net of a provision of RMB4,352,000 as at 31 December 2022 (2021: RMB5,522,000)


      22.   Trade Receivables
                                                                                                     2022          2021
                                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000


            Trade receivables                                                                3,961,692        3,358,607
            Less: allowance for impairment                                                         (23,725)      (49,459)
                                                                                               b




                                                                                             3,937,967        3,309,148



            As at 1 January 2021, trade receivables (net of allowance for impairment) from contracts with customers
            amounted to RMB2,398,859,000.


            The Group allows a general credit period of 90 days to its trade customers. The following is an aged analysis
            of trade receivables (net of allowance for impairment) at the end of the reporting period presented based on
            the invoice dates which approximated the respective revenue recognition dates:


                                                                                                     2022          2021
                                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000


            0 to 90 days                                                                     3,664,707        3,122,761
            91 to 180 days                                                                     261,185          175,494
            181 to 365 days                                                                         9,562          8,578
            More than 365 days                                                                      2,513          2,315
                                                                                               b




                                                                                             3,937,967        3,309,148




124   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




22.   Trade Receivables (Continued)
      Trade receivables with aggregate carrying amount of RMB273,260,000 (2021: RMB186,387,000) are past due
      as at the reporting date. Out of the past due balances, RMB12,075,000 (2021: RMB10,893,000) has been
      past due 90 days or more and is not considered as in default because there has not been significant change
      in credit quality and the amounts are still considered recoverable. The Group does not hold any collateral or
      other credit enhancements over these balances nor does it have a legal right of offset against any amounts
      owed by the Group to the counterparty.


      Details of impairment assessment of trade receivables are set out in note 40.


23.   Deposits, Prepayments and Other Receivables
                                                                                              2022            2021
                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000


      Prepayments for raw materials and research and development expenses                 207,224          177,753
      Prepayment for acquisition of intangible assets                                     150,000          304,289
      Deposits paid for property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets             646,570          265,582
      Other taxes recoverable                                                             189,037          199,534
      Others                                                                              296,963          203,138
                                                                                          b




                                                                                        1,489,794        1,150,296



      Analysed as:
         Current                                                                          693,224          580,425
         Non-current                                                                      796,570          569,871
                                                                                          b




                                                                                        1,489,794        1,150,296



24.   Bills Receivables
      All bills receivables of the Group are with a maturity period of less than 365 days (2021: less than 365 days)
      and not yet due at the end of the reporting period. The management considers the default rate is low based
      on historical information, experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost of
      effort.


      As at 31 December 2022, the amount include RMB1,561,531,000 (2021: RMB2,071,866,000) of bills
      receivables measured at FVTOCI.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022     125
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      25.   Structured Bank Deposits
            Structured bank deposits of RMB3,574,859,000 (2021: RMB 1,243,413,000) carry guaranteed return up to
            1.00% (2021: 1.40%) per annum and have a total expected return up to 3.50% (2021: 3.41%) per annum,
            depending on the market prices of the underlying commodities quoted in the market as specified in the terms
            of relevant deposits.


            At 31 December 2021, structured bank deposits of RMB200,000,000 carried no guaranteed return and had
            a total expected return up to 3.10% per annum, depending on the performance of the underlying financial
            investments or the changes in the interest rates as specified in the terms of relevant deposits. The structured
            bank deposits are matured during the current year.


            The structured bank deposits are designated at FVTPL on initial recognition as they contain non-closely
            related embedded derivatives.


      26.   Bank Balances, Deposits and Cash
                                                                                                      2022           2021
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000


            Time deposits                                                                      2,420,000          600,000
            Restricted bank deposits                                                                 77,155        23,933
            Bank balances and cash                                                             8,000,852        9,059,709
                                                                                                 b




                                                                                              10,498,007        9,683,642

            Analysed as:
               Current                                                                        10,298,007        9,283,642
               Non-current                                                                       200,000          400,000
                                                                                                 b




                                                                                              10,498,007        9,683,642



            Time deposits carry interest at market interest rates ranging from 2.85% to 4.13% (2021: 3.26% to 4.13%)
            per annum.


            Restricted bank deposits and bank balances carry interest at market interest rates ranging from 0.30% to
            3.33% (2021: 0.01% to 3.60%) per annum.


            The restricted bank deposits represent deposits required to be placed in banks for securing letters of credit
            and guarantee for trade and bills payables and are classified as current assets. The restricted bank deposits
            will be released upon settlement of the relevant short-term bank facilities.




126   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




27.   Trade Payables
      The following is an aged analysis of trade payables at the end of the reporting period presented based on the
      invoice dates:


                                                                                                 2022              2021
                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000


      0 to 90 days                                                                        1,333,746            1,262,830
      91 to 180 days                                                                            51,978           82,438
      More than 180 days                                                                    122,262             136,091
                                                                                            b




                                                                                          1,507,986            1,481,359



      The general credit period on purchases of goods is up to 90 days (2021: 90 days). The Group has financial
      risk management policies in place to ensure that all payables are settled within the credit timeframe.


28.   Other Payables
                                                                                                 2022              2021
                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000


      Other tax payable                                                                     181,238             102,507
      Payables arising from construction and acquisition of
         property, plant and equipment                                                      818,967             790,696
      Deferred government grants (note 34)                                                  411,959             467,545
      Salaries, wages and staff welfare payable                                             546,927             416,749
      Selling expense payable                                                             3,049,003            2,500,679
      Research and development expense payable                                              126,516             143,644
      Others                                                                                491,823             509,207
                                                                                            b




                                                                                          5,626,433            4,931,027



      Analysed as:
         Current                                                                          5,355,516            4,680,829
         Non-current — deferred government grants (note 34)                                 270,917             250,198
                                                                                            b




                                                                                          5,626,433            4,931,027




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022     127
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      29.   Bills Payables
            All bills payables of the Group are aged within 365 days (2021: 365 days) and not yet due at the end of the
            reporting period.


      30.   Bank Borrowings
                                                                                                                              2022
                                                                                                                        RMB’000


            Discount of bills receivables (note a)                                                                       145,644
            Variable-rate unsecured RMB bank loans (note b)                                                                  36,790
                                                                                                                         b




                                                                                                                         182,434

            The carrying amounts of the above borrowings are repayable as follows:
            Within one year                                                                                              153,484
            Within a period of more than one year but not exceeding two years                                                28,950
                                                                                                                         b




                                                                                                                         182,434
            Less: Amounts due within one year shown under current liabilities                                           (153,484)
                                                                                                                         b




            Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                                                                      28,950



            Notes:


            (a)      The amount represents borrowings secured by the bill receivables discounted to banks with recourse and the
                     amount is repayable within one year.


                     During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group discounted bills receivables with recourse of RMB368,726,080
                     (2021: nil), net of interest, among which RMB226,435,000 matured before year ended.


            (b)      The bank loans carry interest rates ranging from 3.7% to 5.5% (31 December 2021: nil) per annum.


            As at 31 December 2021, the Group had no bank borrowings.




128   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




31.   Contract Liabilities
      Contract liabilities represent deposits received from sales of goods. As at 1 January 2021, contract liabilities
      amounted to RMB625,699,000. The Group may receive certain percentage of the contract value from
      customers upon signing of the sale agreements or placing of purchase orders. This gives rise to contract
      liability at the start of a contract until revenue is recognised.


      During the year ended 31 December 2022, revenue recognised in the current year relating to brought-forward
      contract liabilities amounted to RMB428,404,000 (2021: RMB625,699,000).


32.   Lease Liabilities
                                                                                                 2022            2021
                                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000


      The lease liabilities are payable as follows:
      Within one year                                                                       142,071            38,424
      Within a period of more than one year
         but not more than two years                                                        146,455            10,879
      Within a period of more than two years
         but not more than five years                                                           94,132         21,804
      Within a period of more than five years                                                   17,452         22,937
                                                                                            b




                                                                                            400,110            94,044
      Less: Amount due for settlement within one year
             shown under current liabilities                                               (142,071)          (38,424)
                                                                                            b




      Amount due for settlement after one year shown under
         non-current liabilities                                                            258,039            55,620



      The weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities was 4.35% (2021: 4.35%) per
      annum.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022   129
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      33.   Deferred Taxation
            For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets
            and liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting
            purposes:


                                                                                                                                                   2022                   2021
                                                                                                                                           RMB’000                   RMB’000


            Deferred tax assets                                                                                                             113,026                     43,000
            Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                       (611,993)                   (381,484)
                                                                                                                                            b




                                                                                                                                           (498,967)                   (338,484)



            The following are the major deferred tax assets (liabilities) recognised and their movements:


                                                                                Right-of-use                   Withholding    Fair value
                                                                   Property,         assets/         Other          tax on    change on    Research and
                                                                   plant and           lease     intangible   undistributed    financial   development
                                                   Inventories    equipment        liabilities      assets          profits      assets         expenses    Others            Total
                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000    RMB’000         RMB’000


            At 1 January 2021                          40,744        (25,287)         (4,450)      (46,415)       (170,124)     (73,941)              —     76,500         (202,973)
            Credit (charge) to profit or loss           1,958         3,833              182            —          (87,500)     (18,967)              —     (76,500)       (176,994)
            Charge to other comprehensive income            —             —                —            —               —        41,697               —          —          41,697
            Exchange adjustments                          (214)           —                —            —               —            —                —          —             (214)

            At 31 December 2021                        42,488        (21,454)         (4,268)      (46,415)       (257,624)     (51,211)              —          —         (338,484)
            (Charge) credit to profit or loss         (21,030)       (38,090)         (4,271)        5,979         (49,944)       1,673           57,783    33,149          (14,751)
            Charge to other comprehensive income            —             —                —            —               —        (2,323)              —          —           (2,323)
            Acquisition of subsidiaries                     —           124           (4,104)     (126,158)             —            —                —     (13,907)       (144,045)
            Exchange adjustments                          636             —                —            —               —            —                —          —             636

            At 31 December 2022                        22,094        (59,420)        (12,643)     (166,594)       (307,568)     (51,861)          57,783    19,242         (498,967)




130   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




33.   Deferred Taxation (continued)
      At the end of the reporting period, the Group has unused tax losses of approximately RMB2,478,850,000
      (2021: RMB987,678,000) available for offset against future profits and the unused tax losses will expire up
      to 2032 (2021: 2031). No deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of the tax losses due to the
      unpredictability of future profit streams.


      Under the EIT Law of the PRC, withholding tax at 10% or a lower applicable rate is imposed on dividends
      declared and payable to investors that are non-PRC tax resident enterprises.


      Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the consolidated financial statements in respect of temporary
      differences attributable to accumulated profits of the PRC subsidiaries amounting to RMB18,583,403,000
      (2021: RMB14,682,479,000) as the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary
      differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


      There was no other significant deferred taxation for the year or at the end of the reporting period.


34.   Deferred Government Grants
                                                                                                              2022                2021
                                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000


      Current:
            — Other subsidies (note a)                                                                    141,042             217,347
      Non-current:
            — Acquisition of property, plant and equipment (note b)                                       270,917             250,198
                                                                                                          b




      Total (included in other payables in note 28)                                                       411,959             467,545



      Notes:


      (a)       Other subsidies are generally provided for the development of pharmaceutical products or improvement of
                production efficiency. Such amounts are included in other payables until the conditions attaching to the grants have
                been fulfilled. During the year, the Group recognised income of RMB173,921,000 (2021: RMB55,203,000).


      (b)       Represents subsidies received for the purchase of plant and machinery and will be transferred to profit or loss over
                the useful lives of the related assets upon the conditions attaching to the grants have been fulfilled. During the year,
                the Group recognised income of RMB21,084,000 (2021: RMB41,049,000).




                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022        131
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      35.   Share Capital
                                                                                         Number of
                                                                                            shares        Share capital
                                                                                                              RMB’000


            Issued and fully paid
            At 1 January 2021                                                     11,973,769,732            10,899,412
            Shares repurchased and cancelled                                           (23,790,000)                  —
                                                                                                    b




            At 31 December 2021                                                   11,949,979,732            10,899,412
            Shares repurchased and cancelled                                           (16,760,000)                  —
                                                                                                    b




            At 31 December 2022                                                   11,933,219,732            10,899,412



            The Company repurchased its own ordinary shares on the Stock Exchange as follows:


                                                                  Highest      Lowest
                                                                 purchase    purchase              Aggregation
                                                    Number of        price       price            consideration
            Date of repurchase              shares repurchased   per share   per share           (before expense)
                                                                      HK$          HK$       HK$’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                            (equivalent)


            November 2021                            3,100,000        8.10        8.02           25,005         20,754
            December 2021                           35,396,000        8.60        8.03          291,450        241,904
            January 2022                             2,054,000        8.49        8.44           17,409         14,165

            The shares repurchased were cancelled in December 2021 and January 2022.




132   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




36.   Acquisition of Subsidiaries
      (a)    Acquisition of Zhifan Group
             In January 2022, the Group entered into an agreement with an independent third party to acquire 100%
             interest in Zhuhai Zhifan Enterprise Management Consultancy Centre (Limited Partnership) (“Zhuhai
             Zhifan”, together with its subsidiary, “Zhifan Group”) for a cash consideration of RMB302,904,000.
             Zhuhai Zhifan is principally engaged in the holding of 51% equity interest in Guangzhou Recomgen
             Biotech Co., Ltd. (now renamed as CSPC Recomgen Pharmaceutical (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.)
             (“Recomgen”), which is principally engaged in biopharmaceutical business. The acquisition has been
             accounted for using acquisition method of accounting.


             Fair value of identifiable net assets
             The fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition were as
             follows:


                                                                                                          RMB’000


             Property, plant and equipment                                                                   82,223
             Right-of-use assets                                                                             34,000
             Intangible assets                                                                             962,574
             Deposits                                                                                         4,992
             Inventories                                                                                     30,572
             Trade receivables                                                                                5,000
             Deposits, prepayments and other receivables                                                     24,925
             Bank balances                                                                                    1,186
             Trade payables                                                                                  (8,182)
             Other payables                                                                                (255,642)
             Contract liabilities                                                                               (40)
             Bank borrowings                                                                                (46,790)
             Deferred tax liabilities                                                                      (130,138)

             Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                   704,680


             The fair value and classification of assets and liabilities were valued by an independent qualified
             professional valuer not connected to the Group.


             Non-controlling interests
             The non-controlling interests in Recomgen recognised at the acquisition date was measured by
             reference to the proportionate share of recognised amounts of net assets of Recomgen and amounted
             to RMB473,384,000.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022     133
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      36.   Acquisition of Subsidiaries (continued)
            (a)    Acquisition of Zhifan Group (continued)
                   Goodwill arising on acquisition
                                                                                                                 RMB’000


                   Consideration transferred                                                                      302,904
                   Plus: non-controlling interests                                                                473,384
                   Less: recognised amounts of net assets acquired                                               (704,680)

                   Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                 71,608


                   Goodwill arose on the acquisition because the acquisition included the assembled workforce for
                   research and development of thrombolytic drug and the associated intellectual property owned by
                   Recomgen. These benefits are not recognised separately from goodwill because they do not meet the
                   recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets.


                   None of the goodwill arising on these acquisitions is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.


                   Net cash outflows arising on acquisition of Zhifan Group
                                                                                                                 RMB’000


                   Consideration paid in cash                                                                     302,904
                   Less: bank balances and cash acquired                                                               (1,186)

                                                                                                                  301,718


                   Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group
                   Since the acquisition, Zhifan Group has contributed RMB101,429,000 to the revenue of the Group and
                   a loss of RMB28,864,000 to the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022.


                   Had the acquisition been completed on 1 January 2022, total amount of the Group’s revenue and profit
                   for the year ended 31 December 2022 would not be significantly different from those reported in the
                   consolidated statement of profit or loss.




134   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




36.   Acquisition of Subsidiaries (continued)
      (b)    Acquisition of Bioworkshops Group
             In July 2022, the Group entered into several agreement for the acquisition of 100% interest in
             Bioworkshops Limited (“Bioworkshops”, together with its subsidiary, “Bioworkshops Group”) for a total
             consideration of RMB315,573,000. Bioworkshops is principally engaged in investment holding and is in
             the holding of 100% and 60.67% equity interest in a subsidiary and joint venture, respectively.


             The acquisition has been accounted for using the acquisition of accounting.


             Fair value of identifiable net assets
             The fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition were as
             follows:


                                                                                                               RMB’000


             Interest in joint venture                                                                         279,313
             Amounts due from related companies                                                                 33,332
             Bank balances                                                                                        3,558
             Other payables                                                                                         (36)
             Deferred tax liabilities                                                                           (13,907)

             Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                       302,260


             Goodwill arising on acquisition
                                                                                                               RMB’000


             Consideration transferred                                                                         315,573
             Less: recognised amounts of net assets acquired                                                   (302,260)

             Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                    13,313




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022       135
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      36.   Acquisition of Subsidiaries (continued)
            (b)    Acquisition of Bioworkshops Group (continued)
                   Net cash outflows arising on acquisition of Bioworkshops Group
                                                                                                                RMB’000


                   Consideration payable                                                                         315,573
                   Less: amounts due from joint ventures and related companies                                   (302,473)
                   Less: bank balances and cash acquired                                                           (3,558)

                                                                                                                    9,542


                   Consideration payable for the acquisition of Bioworkshops Group was settled through offsetting of
                   amounts due from a joint venture of RMB269,141,000 and amounts due from related companies of
                   RMB33,332,000, respectively.


                   Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group
                   Since the acquisition, Bioworkshops Group has resulted in a loss of RMB20,872,000 to the profit of
                   the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022.


                   Had the acquisition been completed on 1 January 2022, total amount of the Group’s revenue and profit
                   for the year ended 31 December 2022 would not be significantly different from those reported in the
                   consolidated statement of profit or loss.


            (c)    Asset acquisition through acquisition of Pengrun
                   In November 2022, the Group acquired 100% equity interest in Shijiazhuang Pengrun Biotechnology
                   Limited (“Pengrun”) for a cash consideration of RMB30,647,000. Pengrun is principally engaged in
                   investment holding.


                   Fair value of identifiable net assets
                   The fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition were as
                   follows:


                                                                                                                RMB’000


                   Property, plant and equipment                                                                    1,055
                   Right-of-use assets                                                                             30,026
                   Intangible assets                                                                                    3
                   Deposits, prepayments and other receivables                                                         26
                   Other payables                                                                                    (463)

                   Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                     30,647




136   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




37.   Long Term Incentive Programs
      (a)    Share option scheme
             The share option scheme of the Company (the “Option Scheme”) is for the purpose of providing the
             Company with a flexible means of giving incentive to eligible participants. Participants include any
             director, employee, business consultant, professional and other adviser of the Group. The Option
             Scheme was adopted on 9 December 2015 and will expire on 8 December 2025.

             The maximum number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all share options to be granted
             under the Option Scheme shall not in aggregate exceed 10% (i.e. 591,101,840 shares) of the shares
             of the Company in issue at the adoption date of the Option Scheme unless the Company obtains a
             fresh approval from its shareholders. The maximum entitlement for any one participant is that the total
             number of shares issued or to be issued upon exercise of the share options granted to each participant
             in any twelve-month period shall not exceed 1% of the total number of shares in issue.

             Share options granted have to be taken up within an acceptable period from the date of offer to such
             date as the Board may determine and specify in the letter of offer (both dates inclusive) upon payment
             of HK$1. The subscription price for option granted is determined by the Board and shall be at least the
             highest of (i) the closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheet on
             the offer date which must be a business day; (ii) and the average closing price of the shares as stated
             in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the
             offer date; and (iii) the nominal value of a share. Share options granted are exercisable for a period to
             be notified by the Board to each grantee and such period shall expire not later than 10 years from the
             date of grant.

             No share options have been granted under the Option Scheme since adoption. As at 1 January 2022
             and 31 December 2022, the number of share options available for grant was 591,101,840.

             As at the date of this annual report, the total number of shares of the Company available for issue
             under the Option Scheme is 591,101,840, representing 4.95% of the Company’s issued shares as at
             that date.

      (b)    Share award scheme
             The share award scheme of the Company (the “Share Award Scheme”) is for the purpose of providing
             the selected participants with an opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company;
             encouraging and retaining such individuals to work with the Company; and providing additional
             incentives to them to achieve performance goals, with a view to achieving the objectives of increasing
             the value of the Company and aligning the interests of the selected participants directly to the
             shareholders through ownership of shares of the Company. Participants include any director, employee,
             officer, agent or consultant of the Group. The Share Award Scheme was adopted on 20 August 2018
             and will expire on 19 August 2028.

             The maximum number of shares which may be purchased from the market or issued under the
             Share Award Scheme shall not in aggregate exceed 2% (i.e. 124,860,368 shares) of the shares of
             the Company in issue as at the adoption date of the Share Award Scheme. The maximum number
             of shares which may be awarded to a selected participant at any one time or in aggregate under the
             Share Award Scheme must not exceed 0.5% (i.e. 31,215,092 shares) of the shares of the Company in
             issue as at the adoption date of the Share Award Scheme.

                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022     137
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      37.   Long Term Incentive Programs (continued)
            (b)    Share award scheme (continued)
                   The awarded shares held by the trustee of the Share Award Scheme shall be vested in the selected
                   participants in accordance with the vesting conditions or vesting schedules as set out in the grant
                   notice. Awarded shares which do not vest will be forfeited and may be re-granted to other participants
                   selected by the Board.


                   Details of movement of awarded shares during the year are as follows:


                                                                                           Number of awarded shares

                                                                                                                 Cancelled/
                                                                                       Granted        Vested           lapsed
                                                                          As at         during        during           during          As at
                   Grantees      Date of grant    Vesting period     1 Jan 2022        the year      the year         the year   31 Dec 2022


                   Employees     15 Jan 2019      15 Jan 2022 to      1,630,000              —       870,000          102,000        658,000
                                                  15 Jan 2024


                                 16 Dec 2021      15 Jan 2022 to      1,630,000              —       870,000          102,000        658,000
                                                  15 Jan 2024

                   Total                                              3,260,000              —      1,740,000         204,000      1,316,000


                   Notes:


                   a.       The weighted average closing price of the Company’s share immediately before the date on which the
                            awarded shares were vested was HK$9.6 per share.

                   b.       The shares were awarded and vested for no consideration.


                   During the year ended 31 December 2021, 3,130,000 awarded shares were granted, 1,500,000
                   awarded shares vested and 764,000 awarded shares forfeited.


                   As at 31 December 2022, the number of share awards available for being further granted under the
                   Share Award Scheme was 120,304,368 (1 January 2022: 120,100,368).


                   As at the date of this annual report, the total number of shares of the Company available for issue
                   in respect of share awards which may be granted under the Share Award Scheme is 120,304,368,
                   representing 1.01% of the issued shares of the Company as at that date.


                   As at 31 December 2022, there were 15,960,000 shares of the Company held by the trustee of the
                   Share Award Scheme (2021: 17,700,000 shares).




138   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




37.   Long Term Incentive Programs (continued)
      (c)    Share awards granted by a shareholder
             Key Honesty Limited (“Key Honesty”), a shareholder of the Company indirectly and wholly owned by
             Mr. Cai Dongchen, Chairman of the Company, has granted 218,250,000 and 8,900,000 share awards
             involving the existing shares of the Company held by Key Honesty to selected employees of the
             Group on 1 April 2022 and 14 September 2022, respectively. The awarded shares will be vested and
             transferred in batches from the third to fifth year after the grant at a transfer price of HK$2.95 per share
             subject to the fulfilment of certain conditions. During the year 31 December 2022, 21,100,000 awarded
             shares were lapsed and share-based compensation expense of RMB149,780,000 was recognised in
             profit or loss. As at 31 December 2022, there were 206,050,000 unvested awarded shares.


38.   Capital and Other Commitments
      At the end of the reporting period, the Group had the following capital and other commitments:


                                                                                                 2022              2021
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


      Capital expenditure in respect of acquisition of
         property, plant and equipment contracted for
         but not provided in the consolidated financial statements                          1,685,261         1,676,805
      Commitments arising from unlisted equity investments
         in partnerships                                                                      610,856           426,829
      Commitments arising from research and development projects                                    —           258,836



39.   Capital Risk Management
      The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern
      while maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The
      Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.


      The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which includes the bank borrowings as disclosed
      in note 30 and amounts due to related companies, amounts due to joint ventures in note 42, net of cash
      and cash equivalents, and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising issued share capital,
      accumulated profits and other reserves.


      The Directors review the capital structure on a regular basis. As part of this review, the Directors consider
      the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on recommendations of the
      Directors, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the payment of dividends, new share
      issues and share buy-backs as well as the issue of new debt and the redemption of existing debt.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022      139
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      40.   Financial Instruments
            40a.   Categories of financial instruments
                                                                                                      2022             2021
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000


                   Financial assets
                   FVTPL
                         — other financial assets                                               1,843,961         1,733,068
                         — structured bank deposits                                             3,574,859         1,443,413
                   FVTOCI
                         — other financial assets                                                 281,613           246,277
                         — bills receivables                                                    1,561,531         2,071,866
                   Amortised cost                                                              15,772,685        14,414,383

                   Financial liabilities
                   Amortised cost                                                               6,969,710         5,676,018



            40b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies
                   The major financial instruments of the Group include bills receivables measured at FVTOCI, trade
                   receivables, bills receivables, other receivables, amounts due from related companies, joint ventures
                   and an associate, other financial assets, structured bank deposits, bank balances, deposits and cash,
                   trade payables, other payables, bills payables, amounts due to joint ventures and related companies,
                   lease liabilities and bank borrowings. Details of these financial instruments are disclosed in respective
                   notes. The risks associated with these financial instruments include market risk (currency risk and
                   other price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out
                   below. The management manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are
                   implemented in a timely and effective manner.


                   Market risk
                   (i)       Currency risk
                             The Group mainly operates in the PRC with most of the transactions denominated and settled
                             in RMB. However, several subsidiaries of the Company have foreign currency sales, mainly
                             denominated in US$, listed equity investments denominated in HK$, unlisted fund investment in
                             partnerships denominated in US$ and bank balances and cash denominated in US$ and HK$,
                             which expose the Group to foreign currency risk.


                             The Group currently does not have a foreign currency hedging policy. However, management will
                             monitor foreign exchange exposure closely and consider the use of hedging instruments should
                             the need arise.




140   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




40.   Financial Instruments (continued)
      40b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
             Market risk (continued)
             (i)    Currency risk (continued)
                    The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets and
                    monetary liabilities at the end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                               Liabilities                           Assets
                                                             2022               2021              2022             2021
                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000


                    HK$                                     1,339              4,621            69,570         105,418
                    US$                                    27,598              8,573          1,748,721        746,876



                    Sensitivity analysis
                    The Group is mainly exposed to currency risk of HK$ and US$.


                    The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% (2021: 5%) increase and decrease
                    in RMB against HK$ and US$5% (2021: 5%) is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign
                    currency risk internally to key management personnel and represents management’s assessment
                    of the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis includes
                    only outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at
                    the year-end for a 5% (2021: 5%) change in foreign currency rates. The post-tax profit would
                    decrease by the below amounts where RMB strengthens 5% (2021: 5%) against the relevant
                    currency. For a 5% (2021: 5%) weakening of RMB against the relevant currency, there would be
                    an equal and opposite impact on the post-tax profit and other equity.


                                                            HK$ Impact (i)                       US$ Impact (ii)
                                                             2022               2021              2022             2021
                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000


                    Post-tax profit                        (2,729)             (4,032)          (68,845)        (29,532)



                    (i)    This is mainly attributable to the exposure to outstanding HK$ denominated bank
                           balances at the end of the reporting period.


                    (ii)   This is mainly attributable to the exposure to outstanding US$ denominated bank
                           balances and trade receivables at the end of the reporting period.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022   141
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      40.   Financial Instruments (continued)
            40b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                   Market risk (continued)
                   (ii)   Other price risk
                          The Group is exposed to equity price risk through its investments in listed equity securities. The
                          Group also invested in certain unquoted equity securities for long-term strategic purposes which
                          had been designated as FVTOCI. The Group has appointed a special team to monitor the price
                          risk.


                          Sensitivity analysis
                          The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to equity price risk
                          at the reporting date.


                          If the prices of the respective listed equity instruments had been 5% (2021: 5%) higher/lower:


                          •        Other reserves would increase/decrease by RMB1,212,000 (2021: RMB1,368,000)
                                   for the Group as a result of the changes in fair value of the listed equity investments
                                   measured at FVTOCI.


                          •        Post-tax profit would increase/decrease by RMB3,811,000 (2021: RMB1,968,000) for the
                                   Group as a result of the changes in fair value of the listed equity investments measured at
                                   FVTPL.


                   Credit risk and impairment assessment
                   As at 31 December 2022, the maximum exposure to credit risk by the Group which will cause a
                   financial loss to the Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties is arising
                   from the carrying amounts of the respective recognised financial assets as stated in the consolidated
                   statement of financial position.


                   The Group has concentration of credit risk on liquid funds which are deposited with several banks with
                   high credit ratings.


                   The Group’s concentration of credit risk by geographical locations on trade receivables is mainly in
                   the PRC. The Group has concentration of credit risk as 25% (2021: 26%) and 45% (2021: 41%) of
                   the total trade receivables was due from the Group’s largest customer and the five largest customers,
                   respectively.




142   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




40.   Financial Instruments (continued)
      40b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
             Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)
             Trade receivables arising from contracts with customers
             In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible
             for determination of credit limits and credit approvals. Before accepting any new customer, the Group
             assesses the potential customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. Limits attributed
             to customers are reviewed twice a year.


             Other monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue
             debts. In addition, the Group has applied the simplified approach to measure the loss allowance
             at lifetime ECL. Except for trade receivables with major customers and credit-impaired balances
             which are assessed individually, the Group determines the ECL on the remaining balances by
             using a provision matrix grouped by common risk characteristic. As part of the Group’s credit risk
             management, the Group uses debtors’ aging to assess the impairment for its customers in relation to
             its operation because these customers consist of a large number of small customers with common risk
             characteristics that are representative of the customers’ abilities to pay all amounts due in accordance
             with the contractual terms. Loss allowance amount of the credit-impaired trade receivables is measured
             as the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash
             flows with the consideration of expected future credit losses. In this regard, the Directors consider that
             the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.


             The Group rebuts the presumption of default under ECL for trade receivables over 90 days past due
             based on the strong financial position with good repayment records of those customers and continuous
             business relationship with the Group.


             Trade receivables with major customers and with an aggregate gross carrying amount of
             RMB2,060,007,000 as at 31 December 2022 (2021: RMB1,579,940,000) are assessed individually.
             These balances are from counterparties which have low risk of default and usually settle within credit
             period. The exposure to credit risk for these balances are assessed within lifetime ECL with an average
             loss rate of approximately 0.30% (2021: 2.03%), impairment allowance of RMB 6,256,000 (2021:
             RMB32,118,000) was provided by the Group as at 31 December 2022.


             The remaining trade receivables with gross carrying amount of RMB1,901,685,000 (2021:
             RMB1,778,667,000) are assessed based on debtors’ aging. The following table provides information
             about the exposure to credit risk for trade receivables which are assessed within lifetime ECL (not
             credit-impaired) as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022     143
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      40.   Financial Instruments (continued)
            40b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                   Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)
                   Trade receivables arising from contracts with customers (continued)
                   Gross carrying amount
                                                              Average loss rate
                                                                 2022             2021            2022             2021
                                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000


                   Current (not past due)                      0.05%            0.09%        1,738,343       1,607,885
                   1 – 270 days past due                        5.1%              5.1%         152,076         160,785
                   More than 270 days past due                 77.7%            77.7%           11,266            9,997

                                                                                             1,901,685       1,778,667



                   The estimated loss rates are based on historical observed default rates over the expected life of the
                   trade receivables and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue
                   cost or effort. The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure relevant information about
                   specific trade receivable is updated.


                   As at 31 December 2022, the Group provided RMB17,469,000 (2021: RMB17,341,000) impairment
                   allowance for trade receivables based on the provision matrix other than those major customers. No
                   impairment allowance was made on credit-impaired debtors.




144   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




40.   Financial Instruments (continued)
      40b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
             Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)
             Trade receivables arising from contracts with customers (continued)
             The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for trade receivables
             under the simplified approach.


                                                                   Lifetime ECL           Lifetime
                                                                     (not credit-     ECL (credit-
                                                                        impaired)         impaired)            Total
                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000


             As at 1 January 2021                                          16,196            6,240            22,436
             Impairment losses recognised                                  49,459                —            49,459
             Impairment losses reversed                                   (16,196)               —           (16,196)
             Write-offs                                                         —            (6,240)          (6,240)

             As at 31 December 2021                                        49,459                —            49,459
             Impairment losses reversed                                   (25,734)               —           (25,734)

             As at 31 December 2022                                        23,725                —            23,725



             The Group writes off a trade receivable when there is information indicating that the debtor is in severe
             financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the debtor has been placed
             under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or when the trade receivable is over two
             years past due, whichever occurs earlier.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022     145
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      40.   Financial Instruments (continued)
            40b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                   Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)
                   Bank deposits/bank balances/restricted bank deposits/structured bank deposits
                   The credit risk of bank deposits, bank balances, restricted bank deposits and structured bank
                   deposits are limited because the counterparties are mainly banks/financial institutions with high credit
                   ratings assigned by independent credit-rating agencies. The Group measures the loss allowance at
                   12m ECL as there has been no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. As at 31
                   December 2022, the gross carrying amount of bank deposits, bank balances, restricted bank deposits
                   and structured bank deposits are RMB2,420,000,000, RMB8,000,852,000, RMB77,155,000 and
                   RMB3,574,859,000 respectively (2021: RMB600,000,000, RMB9,059,709,000, RMB23,933,000 and
                   RMB1,443,413,000 respectively), the 12m ECL is considered immaterial for both years.


                   Bills receivables
                   The credit risk of bills receivables is limited because the counterparties are mainly banks/financial
                   institutions with high credit ratings assigned by independent credit-rating agencies. The Group
                   measures the loss allowance at 12m ECL as there has been no significant increase in credit risk since
                   initial recognition. As at 31 December 2022, the gross carrying amount of bills receivables measured
                   at amortised cost and FVTOCI are RMB1,041,020,000 and RMB1,561,531,000, respectively (2021:
                   RMB1,027,322,000 and RMB2,071,866,000, respectively), the 12m ECL is considered immaterial for
                   both years.


                   Amounts due from related companies
                   In order to minimise the credit risk, the Group will assess the credit quality of related companies.
                   Other monitoring procedures are also in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover
                   overdue debts. The Group measures the loss allowance at lifetime ECL. As at 31 December 2022,
                   the gross carrying amounts of receivables due from related companies is RMB195,643,000 (2021:
                   RMB100,135,000).


                   For the purpose of impairment assessment for trade receivables and other receivables from related
                   companies, the lifetime ECL and 12m ECL are considered to be immaterial after considering
                   counterparties’ financial background and creditability.




146   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




40.   Financial Instruments (continued)
      40b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
             Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)
             Amounts due from joint ventures
             The Group measures the loss allowance at 12m ECL as there has been no significant increase in
             credit risk since initial recognition. As at 31 December 2022, the gross carrying amount of amounts
             due from joint ventures is RMB100,048,000 (2021: RMB293,736,000). During the year ended 31
             December 2022, reversal of impairment loss on amounts due from joint ventures amounting to nil (2021:
             RMB27,499,000) was recognised by the Group due to the subsequent settlement of amounts due from
             joint ventures.


             For the purpose of impairment assessment for amounts due from joint ventures, exposure to credit risk
             for those balances are assessed individually with 12m ECL.


             Amount due from an associate
             The Group measures the loss allowance at 12m ECL as there has been no significant increase in credit
             risk since initial recognition. As at 31 December 2022, the gross carrying amount of amount due from
             an associate is nil (2021: RMB400,000).


             The Group regularly monitors the business performance of the associate. The Group’s credit risk in this
             balance is mitigated after considering associate’s financial background and creditability. The Group
             assessed the ECL for amount due from an associate is insignificant and thus no loss allowance is
             recognised.


             Other receivables
             The management believes that there is no significant increase in credit risk of other receivables since
             initial recognition and the Group provided impairment based on 12m ECL. Reversal of impairment of nil
             (2021: RMB1,694,000) was provided by the Group as of 31 December 2022.


             Liquidity risk
             In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash
             equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the operations of the Group and mitigate
             the effects of fluctuations in cash flows. The management monitors the utilisation of bank borrowings
             and ensures compliance with the relevant loan covenants.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022     147
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      40.   Financial Instruments (continued)
            40b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                   Liquidity risk (continued)
                   The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial
                   liabilities and derivative instrument. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash
                   flows of the financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay.


                   The table includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are floating
                   rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from rate curve at the end of the reporting period.


                   As at 31 December 2022
                                         Weighted                         Less than
                                           average                          1 month                3 months                  More           Total
                                          effective                            or on     1—3              to     1—3        than 3   undiscounted    Carrying
                                      interest rate                         demand      months        1 year     years       years    cash flows      amount
                                                 %                         RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000

                   Non-derivative financial liabilities
                   Trade payables                                   —       174,240    1,333,746         —           —          —      1,507,986     1,507,986
                   Other payables                                   —     4,541,413           —          —           —          —      4,541,413     4,541,413
                   Bills payables                                   —            —       336,030    166,049          —          —        502,079       502,079
                   Amounts due to related companies                 —       104,938           —          —           —          —        104,938       104,938
                   Amounts due to joint ventures                    —       130,860           —          —           —          —        130,860       130,860
                   Lease liabilities                              4.35       13,167       26,087    115,764     215,308     58,333       428,659       400,110
                   Bank borrowings                                4.50           —            —     160,396      30,254         —        190,650       182,434

                                                                          4,964,618    1,695,863    442,209     245,562     58,333     7,406,585     7,369,820



                   As at 31 December 2021
                                                             Weighted     Less than
                                                               average     1 month                 3 months                  More            Total
                                                              effective       or on      1—3              to     1—3        than 3   undiscounted     Carrying
                                                          interest rate    demand       months        1 year     years       years     cash flows      amount
                                                                     %    RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000

                   Non-derivative financial liabilities
                   Trade payables                                   —       218,529    1,262,830         —           —          —      1,481,359     1,481,359
                   Other payables                                   —     3,858,364           —          —           —          —      3,858,364     3,858,364
                   Bills payables                                   —            —        40,000    101,258          —          —        141,258       141,258
                   Amounts due to related companies                 —        58,910           —          —           —          —         58,910        58,910
                   Amounts due to joint ventures                    —       136,127           —          —           —          —        136,127       136,127
                   Lease liabilities                              4.35        2,502       15,306     27,551      31,452     30,291       107,102        94,044

                                                                          4,274,432    1,318,136    128,809      31,452     30,291     5,783,120     5,770,062




148   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




40.   Financial Instruments (continued)
      40c.   Fair value measurement of financial instruments
             (i)    Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring
                    basis
                    Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end
                    of each reporting period. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these
                    financial assets and financial liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s)
                    and inputs used).

                                                                                                                                 Significant       Relationship of
                    Financial assets/                                      Fair value Valuation techniques                       Unobservable      unobservable
                    financial liability            Fair value as at        hierarchy and key input(s)                            input(s)          inputs to fair value
                                                      31              31
                                               December        December
                                                    2022            2021
                                                RMB’000         RMB’000

                    Equity securities listed     100,457         66,725       Level 1 Quoted bid prices in an active             N/A               N/A
                       in Hong Kong                                                     market.

                    Unquoted investments       2,025,117       1,912,620      Level 3 Recent transaction prices of               N/A               N/A
                                                                                         underlying investments.

                                                                                       Discount cash flows — in this     Estimated discount The higher the estimated
                                                                                          approach, the discounted         rate                discount rate, the
                                                                                          cash flow method was used to                         lower the fair value,
                                                                                          capture the present value of                         vice versa.
                                                                                          future expected cash flows to
                                                                                          be derived from the underlying
                                                                                          assets.
                                                                                                                         Long-term pre-tax The higher the long-term
                                                                                                                             operating margin  pre-tax operating
                                                                                                                                               margin, the higher
                                                                                                                                               the fair value, vice
                                                                                                                                               versa.

                    Bills receivables          1,561,531       2,071,866      Level 2 Discounted cash flow at a discount                 N/A          N/A
                        measured at FVTOCI                                               rate that reflects the credit risk of
                                                                                         issuers

                    Structured bank            3,574,859       1,443,413      Level 2 Expected yields of underlying                      N/A          N/A
                       deposits                                                          investments in and commodities,
                                                                                         bonds and funds invested by
                                                                                         bank at a discount rate that
                                                                                         reflect the credit risk of the bank


                    There were no transfers between levels in both years.


                    Unrealised fair value gain of RMB13,013,000 net of tax is included in OCI for the year ended 31
                    December 2022 (2021: loss of RMB19,723,000 net of tax) is related to other financial assets
                    measured at FVTOCI held at 31 December 2022 and are reported as changes of “other reserve”.




                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022        149
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      40.   Financial Instruments (continued)
            40c.   Fair value measurement of financial instruments (continued)
                   (i)     Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring
                           basis (continued)
                           In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses market-observable data
                           to the extent it is available. Where Level 1 and 2 inputs are not available, the Group engages
                           third party qualified valuers to perform the valuation. The finance department works closely
                           with the qualified external valuers to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs
                           to the model. The management reports to the Directors every quarter to explain the cause of
                           fluctuations in the fair value of the assets and liabilities.


                           Information about the valuation techniques and inputs used in determining the fair value of
                           various assets are disclosed above.


                   (ii)    Reconciliation of Level 3 Measurements
                                                                                                                   Unquoted
                                                                                                                           equity
                                                                                                                 investments
                                                                                                                     RMB’000


                           At 1 January 2021                                                                        1,840,922
                           Total (loss) gains
                             — in other comprehensive income                                                              (16,745)
                             — in profit or loss                                                                      250,785
                           Purchase of unquoted equity investments                                                    419,087
                           Disposal of unquoted equity investments                                                   (581,429)
                                                                                                                      b




                           At 31 December 2021                                                                      1,912,620
                           Total gains
                             — in other comprehensive income                                                              18,458
                             — in profit or loss                                                                          64,051
                           Purchase of unquoted equity investments                                                    103,165
                           Disposal of unquoted equity investments                                                        (73,177)
                                                                                                                      b




                           At 31 December 2022                                                                      2,025,117



                   (iii)   Fair value of financial instruments that are recorded at amortised cost
                           The Directors consider that the carrying amounts of other financial assets and financial liabilities
                           recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair
                           values.




150   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




41.   Reconciliation of Liabilities Arising from Financing Activities
      The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash
      and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or
      future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from
      financing activities.


                                                                            Dividend
                                                                          payable to
                                              Bank         Dividend non-controlling             Lease
                                       borrowings           payable         interests       liabilities           Total
                                          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000
                                           (note 30)        (note 12)                         (note 32)


      At 1 January 2021                     99,000                —                —          217,714          316,714
      Financing cash flows                  (99,559)      (1,690,763)         (12,500)       (130,272)      (1,933,094)
      Finance costs recognised                 559                —                —            7,105            7,664
      Dividend declared                          —        1,690,763           12,500                —        1,703,263
      New leases entered                         —                —                —              674              674
      Foreign exchange translation               —                —                —            (1,177)          (1,177)

      At 31 December 2021                        —                —                —           94,044           94,044
      Financing cash flows                 350,639       (2,096,961)         (20,475)        (138,690)      (1,905,487)
      Acquisition of a subsidiary           46,790                —                —                —           46,790
      Finance costs recognised              11,440                —                —           13,451           24,891
      Maturity of bills receivables
         discounted with recourse         (226,435)               —                —                —         (226,435)
      Dividend declared                          —        2,096,961           20,475                —        2,117,436
      New leases entered                         —                —                —          425,855          425,855
      Foreign exchange translation               —                —                —            5,450            5,450

      At 31 December 2022                  182,434                —                —          400,110          582,544




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022      151
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      42.   Related Party Disclosures
            During the year, the Group had significant transactions and balances with related parties. Other than those
            disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, the Group had also entered into the following
            significant transactions with related parties and the balances with them at the end of the reporting period are
            as follows:


            (i)    Related companies
                   Name of company           Nature of transactions/balances                        2022             2021
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000


                   CSPC Holdings             Sale of pharmaceutical products                     734,053          509,631
                      Company Limited        Payment of lease liabilities                        123,065          107,719
                      (“CHL”) (note a),      Purchase of steam                                         —           40,807
                      and its subsidiaries   Purchase of pharmaceutical products                  11,221           55,560
                      and associates         Balance due from/to the CHL Group
                      (the “CHL Group”)        — trade receivables (note b)
                                                   aged 0-90 days                                150,715           92,520
                                                   aged 91-180 days                               11,912             3,974
                                                   aged 181-365 days                               1,503             2,789
                                                   aged over 365 days                              2,326                45

                                                                                                 166,456           99,328

                                               — other receivables (note c)                       29,187               807
                                               — trade payables (note b)
                                                   aged 0-90 days                                (32,723)          (21,292)
                                                   aged 91-180 days                                  (468)          (5,420)
                                                   aged 181-365 days                               (1,904)          (6,415)
                                                   aged over 365 days                            (48,091)          (23,372)

                                                                                                 (83,186)          (56,499)

                                               — other payables (note c)                         (21,752)           (2,411)
                                               — lease liabilities                              (293,665)          (42,319)




152   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




42.   Related Party Disclosures (continued)
      (ii)   Joint ventures
             Name of company          Nature of transactions/balances               2022            2021
                                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000


             Hebei Pharmaceutical     Purchase of raw materials                   214,200        139,833
                                      Balance due from/to Hebei Pharmaceutical
                                        — trade receivables (note b)
                                            aged 0-90 days                             50            270
                                            aged 91-180 days                           —              80

                                                                                       50            350

                                        — other receivables (note c)                2,965          2,388
                                        — trade payables (note b)
                                            aged 0-90 days                        (99,215)       (84,238)
                                            aged 91-180 days                      (13,102)         (3,750)
                                            aged 181-365 days                          —           (2,542)

                                                                                 (112,317)       (90,530)

             Yantai Jiashi            Balance due from Yantai Jiashi
                                        — other receivables (note c)               97,002         26,586
                                        — other payables (note c)                  (6,928)       (45,523)



             Bioworkshops             Research and development expenses            22,667
                (Suzhou) (note 36b)   Balance due from/to Bioworkshops
                                        — trade receivables (note b)
                                            aged 0-90 days                             31
                                        — other payables (note c)                 (11,615)




             Bioworkshops Group       Research and development expenses                           44,368
                (note 36b)            Balance due from/to Bioworkshops
                                        — trade receivables (note b)
                                            aged 0 - 90 days                                       1,610
                                        — other receivables
                                          — non-current (note d)                                 253,953
                                          — current                                                8,849
                                        — other payables (note c)                                     (74)




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022    153
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      42.   Related Party Disclosures (continued)
            (ii)    Joint ventures (continued)
                                                                                                                           1.1.2021
                                                                                                                                  to
                    Name of company             Nature of transactions/balances                                          30.4.2021
                                                                                                                          RMB’000


                    Zhongcheng Logistics Purchase of raw materials                                                          137,289
                         Group (note e)         Provision of utility services                                                   692
                                                Sales of pharmaceutical products                                             57,682
                                                Warehouse service income                                                          27
                                                Payment on lease liabilities                                                 12,962


            (iii)   An associate
                    Name of company             Nature of transaction/balance                                   2022           2021
                                                                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000


                    YZY Biopharma               Other receivables                                                  —            400



            (iv)    Compensation to key management personnel
                    The details of the compensation paid to the executive directors of the Company during the year are set
                    out in note 9.


                    Notes:


                    a.       Mr. Cai Dongchen, executive director and the Chairman of the Company, has significant influence over the
                             Company and exercises control over CHL through a series of controlled corporations. Accordingly, CHL and
                             its subsidiaries and associates are related parties of the Group.


                    b.       The general credit period for trade receivables and payables is 90 days (2021: 90 days).


                    c.       The amounts are unsecured, repayable on demand and non-interest bearing.


                    d.       The amount is unsecured and with imputed interest computed using the prevailing market interest rate of
                             4.75% per annum for comparable long-term borrowings.


                    e.       Zhongcheng Logistics was disposed of during the year ended 31 December 2021.




154   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




43.   Employee Retirement Benefit Schemes
      The Group has offered a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme for all qualifying employees in Hong Kong. The
      assets of the scheme are held separately from those of the Group in funds under the control of trustees.
      Contributions are made by both the employer and the employee based on a certain percentage of the
      employees’ relevant income. The Group’s contributions will be fully and immediately vested in the employees’
      accounts as their accrued benefits in the scheme. There was no contribution forfeited by the Group during the
      year.


      The employees of the subsidiaries in the PRC are members of a state-managed retirement benefit scheme
      operated by the PRC government. The relevant subsidiaries are required to make contributions to the
      retirement benefit scheme based on a certain percentage of payroll costs stipulated by the local government
      authorities. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement benefit scheme is to make the
      specified contributions. Upon retirement, the local government authorities are responsible for the payment of
      the retirement benefits to the retired employees.


      The Group established a 401(k) savings trust plan (“401(k) Plan”), a defined contribution plan funded by
      employers and employees, in the US that qualifies as an Inland Revenue Service (“IRS”) deferred salary
      arrangement under Section 401(k) of the US Internal Revenue Code. Under the 401(k) Plan, participating
      employees may elect to contribute up to a maximum amount subject to certain IRS limitations.


      During the year, the contributions made by the Group relating to the above arrangements were
      RMB254,686,000 (2021: RMB212,608,000), of which RMB860,000 (2021: RMB790,000) and RMB3,368,000
      (2021: RMB2,681,000) were attributable to the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme in Hong Kong and 401(k)
      Plan in the US, respectively.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022     155
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      44.   Particulars of Subsidiaries
            44.1   General information of subsidiaries
                   The directors are of the opinion that a complete list of particulars of all subsidiaries will be of excessive
                   length and therefore the following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries as at 31 December
                   2022 which principally affect the results or assets of the Group.


                                                                                                                                        Percentage of
                                                  Place of                                                                            nominal value of
                                                  incorporation/                                                                    issued share capital/
                                                  registration                             Paid up issued/                 registered capital and voting power held
                   Name of subsidiary             and operations   Legal form              registered capital                         by the Company                                    Principal activities
                                                                                                                           2022                                     2021
                                                                                                                Directly           Indirectly            Directly          Indirectly
                                                                                                                     %                    %                    %                  %


                   Dragon Merit Holdings Limited Hong Kong         Limited liability       RMB639,800,001            —                   100                   —                100 Investment holding


                   CSPC Weisheng                  The PRC          Foreign investment US$106,348,000                100                   —                  100                  — Manufacture and sale of
                      Pharmaceutical                                   enterprise with                                                                                                      vitamin C products
                      (Shijiazhuang) Co., Ltd                          limited liability


                   CSPC Hebei Zhongnuo            The PRC          Sino-foreign equity RMB678,555,900             88.82                10.57                88.82             10.57 Manufacturing and sale
                      Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd                          joint venture                                                                                                        of pharmaceutical
                                                                       with limited                                                                                                         products
                                                                       liability


                   CSPC Zhongqi Pharmaceutical The PRC             Foreign investment RMB39,754,680                 100                   —                  100                  — Pharmaceutical research
                      Technology (Shijiazhuang)                        enterprise with                                                                                                      and development
                      Co., Ltd.                                        limited liability


                   CSPC Yinhu Pharmaceutical      The PRC          Limited liability       RMB150,000,000            —                 89.45                   —              89.45 Manufacture and sale
                      Co., Ltd                                                                                                                                                              of pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                                                                            products


                   Recomgen                       The PRC          Limited liability       RMB185,201,714            —                 54.83                   —                  — Manufacture and sale
                                                                                                                                                                                            of pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                                                                            products




156   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




44.   Particulars of Subsidiaries (continued)
      44.1   General information of subsidiaries (continued)
                                                                                                                                     Percentage of
                                               Place of                                                                            nominal value of
                                               incorporation/                                                                    issued share capital/
                                               registration                             Paid up issued/                 registered capital and voting power held
             Name of subsidiary                and operations   Legal form              registered capital                         by the Company                                    Principal activities
                                                                                                                        2022                                     2021
                                                                                                             Directly           Indirectly            Directly          Indirectly
                                                                                                                  %                    %                    %                  %


             CSPC Zhongnuo                     The PRC          Limited liability       RMB170,000,000            —                 77.95                   —                  75 Manufacture and sales
                Pharmaceutical (Taizhou)                                                                                                                                                 of health supplement
                Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                                                products


             CSPC NBP Pharmaceutical           The PRC          Foreign investment RMB413,594,300              54.06                45.94                54.06             45.94 Manufacture and sales
                Co., Ltd                                            enterprise with                                                                                                      of pharmaceutical
                                                                    limited liability                                                                                                    products


             CSPC Ouyi Pharmaceutical          The PRC          Limited liability       RMB300,000,000            —                   100                   —                100 Manufacture and sales
                Co., Ltd. (“Ouyi”)                                                                                                                                                       of pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                                                                         products


             CSPC Innovation                   The PRC          Limited liability       RMB546,000,000            —                 77.95                   —                  75 Manufacture and sales of
                Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                                 caffeine products
                (“CSPC XNW”)


             CSPC Baike (Shandong)             The PRC          Limited liability       RMB734,700,000         33.62                66.38                33.62             66.38 Manufacture and sales
                Biopharmaceutical                                                                                                                                                        of pharmaceutical
                Co., Ltd. (“Baike Shandong”)                                                                                                                                             products


             CSPC Shengxue Glucose             The PRC          Limited liability       RMB434,910,000            —                   100                   —                100 Manufacture and sales of
                Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                                                pharmaceutical roducts


             Hebei Zhongnuo GWK                The PRC          Limited liability       RMB30,000,000             —                 77.95                   —                  75 Manufacture and sales
                Medicines & Health                                                                                                                                                       of health supplement
                Products Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                                       products


             CSPC Taizhou GWK Medicines The PRC                 Limited liability       RMB70,000,000             —                 77.95                   —                  75 Sales of health supplement
                & Health Products Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                              products




                                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022                        157
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      44.   Particulars of Subsidiaries (continued)
            44.1   General information of subsidiaries (continued)
                                                                                                                                       Percentage of
                                                 Place of                                                                            nominal value of
                                                 incorporation/                                                                    issued share capital/
                                                 registration                             Paid up issued/                 registered capital and voting power held
                   Name of subsidiary            and operations   Legal form              registered capital                         by the Company                                    Principal activities
                                                                                                                          2022                                     2021
                                                                                                               Directly           Indirectly            Directly          Indirectly
                                                                                                                    %                    %                   %                   %


                   CSPC Neimenggu Zhongnuo The PRC                Limited liability       RMB66,867,900             —                 99.39                  —               99.39 Manufacture and sales
                      Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                             of pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                                                                           products


                   Shijiazhang Ouyihe Medical    The PRC          Foreign investment RMB200,000,000                100                   —                 100                   — Sales of pharmaceutical
                      Trading Co., Ltd                                enterprise with                                                                                                      products
                                                                      limited liability


                   Xinshi Biopharmaceutical      The PRC          Limited liability       RMB132,800,000            —                   100                  —                 100 Pharmaceutical research
                      Limited                                                                                                                                                              and development


                   CSPC Shanghai Co., Ltd.       The PRC          Limited liability       RMB800,000,000            —                   100                  —                 100 Investment holding


                   Shanghai Yishi Pharmaceutical The PRC          Limited liability       RMB10,000,000             —                   100                  —                 100 Pharmaceutical research
                      Technology Co., Ltd                                                                                                                                                  and development


                   Shanghai Runshi               The PRC          Limited liability       RMB10,000,000             —                    89                  —                   89 Pharmaceutical research
                      Pharmaceutical                                                                                                                                                       and development
                      Technology Co., Ltd


                   CSPC Megalith                 The PRC          Limited liability       RMB500,000,000            —                   100                  —                 100 Manufacture and sales of
                      Biopharmaceutical                                                                                                                                                    vaccines
                      Co., Ltd


                   Beijing Kangchuanglian        The PRC          Limited liability       RMB5,000,000              —                   100                  —                 100 Pharmaceutical research
                      Biopharmaceutical                                                                                                                                                    and development
                      Technology Research
                      Co., Ltd




158   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




44.   Particulars of Subsidiaries (continued)
      44.1   General information of subsidiaries (continued)
                                                                                                                              Percentage of
                                            Place of                                                                        nominal value of
                                            incorporation/                                                                issued share capital/
                                            registration                         Paid up issued/                 registered capital and voting power held
             Name of subsidiary             and operations   Legal form          registered capital                         by the Company                                    Principal activities
                                                                                                                 2022                                     2021
                                                                                                      Directly           Indirectly            Directly          Indirectly
                                                                                                           %                    %                   %                   %


             Shanghai JMT-BIO               The PRC          Limited liability   RMB70,000,000             —                   100                  —                 100 Pharmaceutical research
                 Technology Co., Ltd                                                                                                                                              and development


             Shanghai JMT-BIO               The PRC          Limited liability   RMB20,000,000             —                   100                  —                 100 Pharmaceutical research
                 Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                         and development




             Shanghai Novarock              The PRC          Limited liability   US$10,000,000             —                 75.27                  —               75.27 Pharmaceutical research
                 Biopharmaceutical                                                                                                                                                and development
                 Co., Ltd.


             Shanghai Alamab                The PRC          Limited liability   US$10,000,000             —                    85                  —                   85 Pharmaceutical research
                 Biopharmaceutical                                                                                                                                                and development
                 Co., Ltd.


             Conjupro Bioerapecitics Inc.   USA              Limited liability   US$9,512                  —                   100                  —                 100 Pharmaceutical research
                                                                                                                                                                                  and development


             CSPC Healthcare Inc.           USA              Limited liability   US$74,400                 —                   100                  —                 100 Sales of pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                                                                  products


             CSPC Dophen Corporation        USA              Limited liability   US$381,440                —                   100                  —                 100 Pharmaceutical research
                                                                                                                                                                                  and development




                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022                  159
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      44.   Particulars of Subsidiaries (continued)
            44.1   General information of subsidiaries (continued)
                                                                                                                                  Percentage of
                                                Place of                                                                        nominal value of
                                                incorporation/                                                                issued share capital/
                                                registration                         Paid up issued/                 registered capital and voting power held
                   Name of subsidiary           and operations   Legal form          registered capital                         by the Company                                    Principal activities
                                                                                                                     2022                                     2021
                                                                                                          Directly           Indirectly            Directly          Indirectly
                                                                                                               %                    %                   %                   %


                   Megalith Pharmaceuticals Inc. USA             Limited liability   US$1,000                  —                   100                  —                 100 Pharmaceutical research
                                                                                                                                                                                      and development


                   AlaMab Therapeutics, Inc.    USA              Limited liability   US$500                    —                    85                  —                   85 Pharmaceutical research
                                                                                                                                                                                      and development




                   Novarock Biotherapeutics     USA              Limited liability   US$465                    —                    70                  —               75.27 Pharmaceutical research
                      Limited                                                                                                                                                         and development


                   CSPC Innovation USA Inc.     USA              Limited liability   US$50,000                 —                 77.95                  —                   75 Sales of pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                                                                      products


                   CSPC Dermay Europe           Germany          Limited liability   EUR50,000                 —                   100                  —                 100 Sales of pharmaceutical
                      GMBH                                                                                                                                                            products


                   CSPC Deryang Europe          Germany          Limited liability   EUR50,000                 —                 77.95                  —                   75 Sales of pharmaceutical
                      GMBH                                                                                                                                                            Products

                   None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year or at any time during the
                   year.




160   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




44.   Particulars of Subsidiaries (continued)
      44.2   Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests
             The table below shows details of a non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group that has material non-
             controlling interests:


                                         Place of      Proportion of ownership
                                       incorporation     interests and voting
                                       and principal     rights held by non-          Profit (loss) allocated to non-    Accumulated non-
             Name of subsidiary place of business       controlling interests             controlling interests          controlling interests
                                                            2022               2021           2022             2021         2022             2021
                                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000


             CSPC XNW                    The PRC          22.05%                25%        160,342           81,713      872,356          743,143
             Recomgen                    The PRC          45.17%                 —          (14,327)              —      423,013                 —


             Individually immaterial
                subsidiaries with
                non-controlling
                interests                                                                    (5,355)           1,226     148,972           98,416

                                                                                           140,660           82,939     1,444,341         841,559


             Summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s subsidiary that has material non-controlling
             interests is set out below. The summarised financial information below represents amounts before
             intragroup eliminations.




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022           161
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      44.   Particulars of Subsidiaries (continued)
            44.2   Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests
                   (continued)
                   CSPC XNW
                                                                                         2022          2021
                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000


                   Current assets                                                3,190,593        2,317,964
                   Non-current assets                                            1,393,443          907,812
                   Current liabilities                                            (582,768)        (231,040)
                   Non-current liabilities                                             (57,073)      (34,398)
                   Equity attributable to owners of the Company                  3,071,839        2,217,195
                   Non-controlling interests                                      872,356           743,143

                   Revenue                                                       2,571,242        1,375,186
                   Expenses                                                     (1,844,630)       (1,058,642)
                                                                                   b




                   Profit for the year                                            726,612           316,544

                   Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
                      owners of the Company                                       566,270           234,831
                   Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to the
                      non-controlling interests                                   160,342            81,713
                                                                                   b




                   Profit and total comprehensive income for the year             726,612           316,544

                   Dividends paid to non-controlling interests of CSPC XNW             20,475             —
                                                                                   b




                   Net cash inflow from operating activities                      640,718           170,592
                   Net cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities            311,878            (26,860)
                   Net cash outflow from financing activities                          (63,006)      (42,864)
                   Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                             57,550         (6,750)
                                                                                   b




                   Net cash inflow                                                947,140            94,118




162   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




44.   Particulars of Subsidiaries (continued)
      44.2   Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests
             (continued)
             Recomgen
                                                                                                  2022
                                                                                          RMB’000




             Current assets                                                                 100,500
             Non-current assets                                                           1,086,471
             Current liabilities                                                           (113,016)
             Non-current liabilities                                                       (137,387)
             Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                   513,554
             Non-controlling interests                                                      423,013

             Revenue                                                                        101,429
             Expenses                                                                      (130,957)
                                                                                            b




             Loss for the period since acquisition                                              (29,522)

             Loss and total comprehensive expense attributable to
                owners of the Company                                                           (15,195)
             Loss and total comprehensive expense attributable to
                the non-controlling interests                                                   (14,327)
                                                                                            b




             Loss and total comprehensive expense for
                the period since acquisition                                                    (29,522)

             Net cash outflow from operating activities                                         (10,995)
             Net cash outflow from investing activities                                         (42,045)
             Net cash inflow from financing activities                                          79,393
                                                                                            b




             Net cash outflow                                                                   (26,353)




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022       163
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      45.   Statement of Financial Position and Reserves of the Company
                                                                                          2022            2021
                                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000

            Non-current assets
            Property, plant and equipment                                                    105              57
            Investments in subsidiaries                                                9,316,594       9,478,774
            Other financial assets                                                        24,240          27,362
            Amounts due from subsidiaries                                              2,885,625       2,502,897
            Right-of-use assets                                                              711           2,834
                                                                                         b




                                                                                      12,227,275      12,011,924
                                                                                         b




            Current assets
            Other receivables                                                              1,178          1,629
            Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                440,278        956,505
            Amounts due from a related company                                                —         179,028
            Bank balances and cash                                                       196,541         88,027
                                                                                         b




                                                                                         637,997       1,225,189
                                                                                         b




            Current liabilities
            Other payables                                                                   80,282      49,837
            Tax liabilities                                                                  24,726      39,457
            Lease liabilities                                                                   593       1,896
                                                                                         b




                                                                                         105,601         91,190
                                                                                         b




            Net current assets                                                           532,396       1,133,999
                                                                                         b




            Total assets less current liabilities                                     12,759,671      13,145,923
                                                                                         b




            Non-current liability
            Lease liabilities                                                                  144         1,050
                                                                                         b




            Net assets                                                                12,759,527      13,144,873

            Capital and reserves
            Share capital                                                             10,899,412      10,899,412
            Reserves                                                                   1,860,115       2,245,461
                                                                                         b




            Total equity                                                              12,759,527      13,144,873



            The Company’s statement of financial position was approved and authorised for issue by the Board of
            Directors on 22 March 2023 and are signed on its behalf by:




                                       CAI Dongchen                       CHAK Kin Man
                                            DIRECTOR                       DIRECTOR




164   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2022




45.   Statement of Financial Position and Reserves of the Company (continued)
      Movement in the Company’s reserves

                                                                                     Employee
                                                         Investments     Treasury share-based          Capital
                                                            valuation       share compensation    contribution   Accumulated
                                                              reserve     reserve     reserves        reserve         profits        Total
                                                             RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000

      At 1 January 2021                                        (5,830)   (100,706)      13,767              —       2,092,244     1,999,475

      Profit for the year                                          —           —            —               —       2,186,586     2,186,586
      Other comprehensive expense for the year                 (2,567)         —            —               —              —         (2,567)

      Total comprehensive (expense) income
         for the year                                          (2,567)         —            —               —       2,186,586     2,184,019

      Dividend recognised as distribution                          —           —            —               —      (1,690,763)    (1,690,763)
      Recognition of share-based
         compensation expense                                     —           —         16,242              —               —        16,242
      Repurchase of shares                                        —           —             —               —        (263,512)     (263,512)
      Disposal of other financial assets                         701          —             —               —             (701)          —
      Vesting shares under share award scheme                     —       15,106       (12,338)             —           (2,768)          —

      At 31 December 2021                                      (7,696)    (85,600)      17,671              —       2,321,086     2,245,461

      Profit for the year                                          —           —            —               —       1,575,511     1,575,511
      Other comprehensive expense for the year                 (6,369)         —            —               —              —         (6,369)

      Total comprehensive (expense) income
         for the year                                          (6,369)         —            —               —       1,575,511     1,569,142

      Dividend recognised as distribution                          —           —            —               —      (2,096,961)    (2,096,961)
      Recognition of employee share-based compensation
         expense                                                   —           —         6,904        149,780              —        156,684
      Repurchase of shares                                         —           —            —              —          (14,211)      (14,211)
      Vesting shares under share award scheme                      —        1,890      (15,100)            —           13,210            —

      At 31 December 2022                                     (14,065)    (83,710)       9,475        149,780       1,798,635     1,860,115




                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022          165
      Financial Summary


                                                                         For the year ended 31 December
                                                      2018               2019               2020           2021                     2022
                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000                  RMB’000

      Results
      Revenue                                     17,716,540        22,103,192          24,942,204        27,866,870         30,936,904

      Profit before tax                            3,792,179          4,626,162           6,391,023         6,847,096         7,582,261
      Income tax expense                            (733,760)          (892,810)         (1,162,013)       (1,158,972)       (1,350,211)

      Profit for the year                          3,058,419          3,733,352          5,229,010         5,688,124             6,232,050

      Profit for the year attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                      3,080,802          3,714,106          5,159,655         5,605,185             6,091,390
        Non-controlling interests                    (22,383)            19,246             69,355            82,939               140,660

                                                   3,058,419          3,733,352          5,229,010         5,688,124             6,232,050

                                                  RMB cents          RMB cents           RMB cents         RMB cents        RMB cents
                                                   (Restated)         (Restated)
                                                       (note)             (note)
      Earnings per share
        – Basic                                        25.71              31.07               43.16             46.89               51.11
        – Diluted                                        N/A              31.07               43.16             46.89               51.11

                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                      2018               2019                  2020            2021                 2022
                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000               RMB’000         RMB’000              RMB’000

      Assets and liabilities
      Total assets                                23,216,837        26,318,322          30,070,206        34,741,576         41,769,774
      Total liabilities                           (7,687,237)       (6,800,157)         (6,969,133)       (7,913,345)       (10,127,899)

      Net assets                                  15,529,600        19,518,165          23,101,073        26,828,231         31,641,875

      Equity attributable to owners of the
        Company                                   15,052,260        18,461,723          22,332,288        25,986,672         30,197,534
      Non-controlling interests                      477,340         1,056,442             768,785           841,559          1,444,341

      Total equity                                15,529,600        19,518,165          23,101,073        26,828,231         31,641,875


      Note:    The earnings per share has been adjusted for the effect of the bonus issues on 3 July 2020 and 29 October 2020.




166   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
