Contents




2     Corporate Information


3     Financial Highlights


4     Chairman’s Statement


8     Management Discussion and Analysis


33    Corporate Governance Report


43    Directors’ Report


59    Independent Auditor’s Report


64    Consolidated Statement of Income Statement


65    Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income


66    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position


68    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity


70    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows


72    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


140   Financial Summary




                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024   1
    Corporate Information


    Board of Directors                      Company Secretary
    Executive Directors                     LO Tai On
    CAI Dongchen (Chairman)
    ZHANG Cuilong (Vice-Chairman and CEO)   Registered Office
    WANG Zhenguo                            Suite 3206
    PAN Weidong                             32nd Floor
    WANG Huaiyu                             Central Plaza
    LI Chunlei                              18 Harbour Road
    YAO Bing                                Wan Chai
    CAI Xin                                 Hong Kong
    CHEN Weiping
                                            Share Registrar
    Independent Non-executive Directors     Tricor Investor Services Limited
    WANG Bo                                 17/F, Far East Finance Centre
    CHEN Chuan                              16 Harcourt Road
    WANG Hongguang                          Hong Kong
    AU Chun Kwok Alan
    LAW Cheuk Kin Stephen                   Auditor
    LI Quan                                 Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                            Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
    Audit Committee
    AU Chun Kwok Alan (Chairman)            Stock Exchange
    WANG Bo                                 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
    CHEN Chuan
                                            Stock Code
    Nomination Committee                    1093
    CAI Dongchen (Chairman)
    WANG Bo                                 Website
    CHEN Chuan                              www.cspc.com.hk


    Remuneration Committee
    AU Chun Kwok Alan (Chairman)
    WANG Bo
    CHEN Chuan




2   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Financial Highlights


                                                                                         2024                2023             Change

(in RMB’000, unless otherwise stated)


Revenue by business units:
  Finished drugs                                                                  23,736,157          25,637,134                -7.4%
  Bulk products                                                                     3,583,163          3,641,328                -1.6%
  Functional food and others                                                        1,689,934          2,171,647              -22.2%

Total revenue                                                                     29,009,254          31,450,109                -7.8%

Profit attributable to shareholders
  Underlying profit (Note)                                                          4,682,909          6,275,253              -25.4%
  As reported                                                                       4,328,035          5,873,325              -26.3%


Earnings per share (RMB cents)
  Based on underlying profit attributable to shareholders
  — Basic                                                                               39.90               52.86             -24.5%
  — Diluted                                                                             39.90               52.85             -24.5%


  Based on profit attributable to shareholders as reported
  — Basic                                                                               36.87               49.47             -25.5%
  — Diluted                                                                             36.87               49.47             -25.5%


Final dividend per share (HK cents)                                                     10.00               14.00             -28.6%
Full-year dividend per share (HK cents)                                                 26.00               28.00               -7.1%

Note: Underlying profit attributable to shareholders, a non-HKFRS measure, represents profit attributable to shareholders before taking
      into account fair value loss on financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), employee share-based
      compensation expenses and gain on deemed disposal of partial interests in an associate. Reconciliation between the reported and
      underlying profit is provided on pages 31 to 32 of this report.




                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024       3
                                           CHAIRMAN’S
                                           STATEMENT




    Results
    In 2024, the profit attributable to shareholders was RMB4,328 million, compared with RMB5,873 million in 2023. The
    underlying profit attributable to shareholders for the year (excluding fair value loss on financial assets measured at fair value
    through profit or loss, employee share-based compensation expenses and gain on deemed disposal of partial interest in an
    associate) was RMB4,683 million, compared with RMB6,275 million in 2023.


    Dividend and Share Buy-Backs
    The Board recommended a final dividend of HK10 cents per share for 2024. Subject to the approval of shareholders at the
    forthcoming annual general meeting, the proposed final dividend will be paid on 18 July 2025 to shareholders whose names
    appear on the register of members on 9 June 2025. Together with an interim dividend of HK16 cents per share, the full-year
    dividend for 2024 amounted to HK26 cents per share, a decrease of 7.1% as compared to 2023.




4   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Chairman’s Statement



In the first half of 2024, the Company completed share buy-back of HK$387 million. On 21 August 2024, the Company
announced a further share buy-back of up to HK$1 billion, which was completed in November 2024. On 19 September
2024, the Company announced a further share buy-back of up to HK$5 billion within 24 months, and HK$334 million has
been utilised as of 31 December 2024. A total of 340,168,000 shares have been repurchased during the year.


Industry Review
In 2024, China’s pharmaceutical industry ushered in new opportunities and challenges for development driven by policies
such as deepening reforms and strengthened regulations. In the field of innovation, the Implementation Plan for Full-Chain
Support for the Development of Innovative Drugs explicitly proposed to strengthen policy support in an all-round way and
pool resources from various parties to promote breakthrough developments in innovative drugs. In terms of payment reform,
the National Healthcare Security Administration continued advancing reforms in medical insurance payment methods, with
the DRG (Diagnosis Related Groups) and DIP (Disease-Intervention Packet) payment models being implemented in more
regions.


At the same time, the 2024 National Reimbursement Drug List negotiation further focused on the inclusion of innovative
drugs. Among the 91 newly added drugs, 90 were newly launched within the past five years, and 38 were “global new”
innovative drugs, hitting historical highs in terms of both proportion and absolute quantity. These concrete actions have
incentivised enterprises to engage in original innovation, and propelled domestic enterprises of innovative drugs towards a
higher-level of technological breakthroughs.


The number of innovative chemical and biological drugs newly approved for marketing during the year also reached an all-
time high. The launch of these innovative drugs has expanded the clinical treatment options and promoted the transformation
and upgrading of the pharmaceutical industry. In addition, China’s pharmaceutical companies set new highs in terms of
the scale of out-licensing collaborations, with multiple innovative drugs successfully entering the European and American
markets and obtaining marketing approvals. This demonstrates a gradual improvement in R&D and innovation capabilities of
China’s pharmaceutical companies over the years, further aligning them with international standards.


Artificial intelligence (AI) technology is accelerating its empowerment in the pharmaceutical and healthcare industries, driving
industrial upgrades, and has broad application prospects in the fields of medicine and health. With a forward-looking vision,
the Group has taken the lead in applying AI technology to key aspects such as R&D and manufacturing. In particular,
our independently developed AI-driven small molecule drug design platform has successfully developed YS2302018
and SYH2039, which have been licensed to AstraZeneca and BeiGene, respectively. These two licensing deals not only
demonstrate the Group’s leading position in the field of AI-driven drug development but also provide a strong support for
future innovative development.


Business Review
The Group underwent organisational restructuring and established a more flattened organisational structure in 2024. This
series of management reforms effectively reduced operating costs and significantly enhanced the organisational flexibility and
decision-making efficiency, establishing a solid foundation for the steady development of the Group in the complex and ever-
changing market environment.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024      5
    Chairman’s Statement



    In 2024, the Group faced significant challenges, with the pressure from centralised volume-based procurement being
    particularly notable. The prices of two products of the Group, Jinyouli and Duomeisu, were reduced by approximately 58%
    and 23%, respectively, after being included in the centralised volume-based procurement of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei “3+N”
    Alliance. Following the gradual implementation of the centralised volume-based procurement in the relevant provinces
    starting from March 2024, the revenue from these two products experienced a substantial decline. However, several new
    products launched in recent years, including Mingfule (recombinant human TNK tissue-type plasminogen activator for
    injection), Duoenyi (irinotecan hydrochloride liposome injection), Duoenda (mitoxantrone hydrochloride liposome injection),
    Yishuning (nifedipine controlled-release tablets), Geruite (lenvatinib mesilate capsules) and Enliwei (lacosamide injection/
    lacosamide tablets), achieved rapid growth and contributed significantly to sales.


    In addition, a number of blockbuster drugs, such as the new indication of Mingfule for the treatment of acute ischemic stroke
    patients, Enshuxing (enlonstobart injection) and the first monoclonal antibody biosimilar Enyitan (omalizumab for injection),
    were approved for marketing in 2024. The approval of these new indications/new products provides a solid foundation for
    the growth of the Group’s sales revenue, and have also led to a more balanced product portfolio across various therapeutic
    areas.


    The Group continued to increase R&D investments, with steady improvements in R&D efficiency. The R&D and clinical
    development of innovative drugs were progressing as planned. In 2024, the Group obtained 16 marketing approvals, 66
    clinical trial approvals and 3 breakthrough therapy designations, among which, several are blockbuster products with global
    patents and high market value.


    In terms of internationalisation, the Group has moved forward steadily. By newly establishing a preparation sales company
    in the United States and a new drug development division in Southeast Asia, the Group is committed to accelerating the
    project initiation and expansion of various types of high-end products such as high-end complex injectable preparations,
    monoclonal and bispecific antibody drugs and inhalants in the European and American markets. At the same time, we have
    set up companies in countries along the “Belt and Road”, such as Singapore, Thailand, Malaysia and Vietnam, to promote
    product registration and sales. In Indonesia and the Philippines, we have collaborated with strategic customers to carry out
    business development for new drugs, continuously enhancing the contribution of our overseas business through a series of
    measures.


    In terms of business expansion, the Group has completed the in-licensing of one project and the out-licensing of three
    projects during the year. For in-licensing, the Group has obtained the rights to develop and commercialise JSKN003 (a
    biparatopic HER2-targeting antibody-drug conjugate) in mainland China from Jiangsu Alphamab. For out-licensing, we have
    reached collaboration agreements with internationally renowned pharmaceutical companies to license the global rights of a
    preclinical-stage Lp(a) small molecule inhibitor to AstraZeneca, the global rights of a novel methionine adenosyltransferase 2A
    (MAT2A) inhibitor to BeiGene, and the development and commercialisation rights of the antibody-drug conjugate SYS6005 in
    several countries including the United States and the United Kingdom to Radiance Biopharma, Inc. Such collaborations mark
    the international recognition of the Group’s innovation capabilities and also enhance our global reputation, paving the way for
    expanding international markets and deepening international cooperation.


    The Group attaches great importance to its ESG standard and is committed to creating a green, harmonious and sustainable
    development path, improving corporate governance and actively giving back to society. The MSCI ESG rating of the
    Company has remained at A for four consecutive years.




6   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Chairman’s Statement



Outlook
We strongly believe that R&D innovation is the core competitiveness of a pharmaceutical enterprise. Looking forward, the
Group will continue to focus on in-house pipeline development with our existing eight innovative R&D platforms, adhere to
a clinical demand-oriented approach and endeavor to expand into new therapeutic targets. Besides, the Group will actively
venture into emerging fields such as gene therapy and cell therapy. Concurrently, we will further enhance the application of
AI technology and broaden our AI-driven drug development platform based on our existing AI platform. This will enable us
to empower pharmaceutical innovation with technological advancement, accelerate our transformation into an AI-enabled
pharmaceutical company, and holistically improve R&D efficiency.


In terms of internationalisation, we will expedite the R&D, regulatory approval and commercialisation processes of key
innovative drugs in overseas markets, and increase our market share through cooperation with international commercial
companies. Furthermore, we will intensify our out-licensing initiatives and license the rights of a number of innovative drugs
to international pharmaceutical companies. Leveraging our partners’ global sales networks and clinical capabilities, we
will accelerate the product internationalisation, delivering more innovative results to the global market and showcasing the
strength of pharmaceutical innovation.


The Group will actively seize policy opportunities and adhere to the “dual-driver” of innovation and internationalisation.
The Group is also committed to the philosophy of “All for Better Medicine, All for a Healthier World”, striving to become an
innovative pharmaceutical company with international influence.


Appreciation
I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to all staff for their dedication and diligence, and to all our
shareholders, business partners and customers for their continued support.




CAI Dongchen
Chairman


28 March 2025




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024      7
                                                            Management
                                                             Discussion
                                                            and Analysis




    Overview
    The Group is an innovation-driven pharmaceutical enterprise integrating R&D, manufacture and sales. With the corporate
    mission of “All for Better Medicine, All for a Healthier World”, the Group is committed to developing innovative products to
    address unmet clinical needs and provide cutting-edge treatment options for patients.


    “Leading Innovation and Creating an Excellent CSPC” is the core vision of CSPC people. Under the leadership of the
    Chairman, consistently adhering to the dual-drive strategy of “innovation and internalisation”, the Group has continuously
    increased its investment in R&D, promoted the R&D team and capability building, enhanced its domestic and international
    competitiveness, which provides the driving force for the long-term sustainable development of the Group.




8   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



The Group has built an internationalised R&D team with more than 2,000 professionals and R&D centers located in
Shijiazhuang, Shanghai, Beijing and the US respectively, focusing on key therapeutic areas such as oncology, psychiatry and
neurology, cardiovascular, immunology and respiratory, digestion and metabolism, and anti-infectives, etc..


The Group has made outstanding contributions towards safeguarding the safety of people’s lives and enhancing industrial
competitiveness. The Group had taken the initiative to successfully develop the first Class 1 new drug NBP in the field of
stroke before other domestic enterprises were paying attention to innovative drugs, benefiting more than 40 million patients;
in order to solve the problem of bone marrow suppression in tumor chemotherapy, the first long-acting white blood cell
booster drug Jinyouli was developed in China; we independently developed the China’s first COVID-19 mRNA vaccine in
response to the national call during the COVID-19 pandemic, achieving a breakthrough in mRNA vaccines in China; in order
to further meet the emergency needs of stroke patients, we developed the first thrombolytic drug Mingfule that can be
administered in ambulances in China; we took the lead in the R&D and launch of several nano-formulations in China, such as
Duomeisu, Keaili, Duoenyi, Anfulike and Duoenda, which successfully broke the technological monopoly of foreign countries,
significantly reduced the cost of medication and benefited countless patients.


The Group has achieved rapid advancements in innovative drug research and development with innovative achievements
continuously emerging. In the field of large molecules, we successfully built a leading anti-body drug conjugate (ADC)
platform with more than 10 ADC products entering into different clinical stages, and took the initiative to license ADCs such
as Claudin 18.2, Nectin 4 and ROR 1 to overseas companies; in the field of small molecules, the Group took the lead in
using AI technology for design and screening, and successfully licensed small molecule drugs such as Lp(a) and MAT2A
to international companies, setting off a wave of domestic AI design of small molecule drugs; in the field of cell therapy, the
Group was the first in the world to advance LNP/mRNA-based CAR-T therapy to clinical trial for the treatment of multiple
myeloma, systemic lupus erythematosus and myasthenia gravis; in terms of long-acting drug administration technology, an in
situ gel platform has been created to advance long-acting agents such as octreotide, semaglutide and leuprorelin to clinical
trial; in terms of nano-formulation, the Group invented new albumin nano-delivery technology. In a head-to-head comparative
study, product candidate paclitaxel (albumin-bound) II demonstrated better efficacy and safety results compared to the
paclitaxel albumin preparation. Docetaxel, sirolimus and other albumin preparations have entered the stage of registrational
clinical trials; the research and development of small nucleic acid drugs also ranks in the first echelon in China, products
such as PCSK9 and AGT have successively entered clinical trials; the development of mRNA vaccines has expanded from
preventive vaccines to therapeutic vaccines, and the clinical trials of a number of vaccine products such as VZV and HPV
are actively progressing. As a whole, in terms of technology, the Group has established eight innovative technology R&D
platforms, encompassing nano-formulation, messenger RNA (mRNA), small interfering RNA (siRNA), antibody/fusion protein,
cell therapy, and antibody-drug conjugates (ADC), which provide strong support for the R&D in innovative drugs.


Our efforts and dedications have been recognised by the government, regulatory authorities and various sectors of society.
The Group is recognised as a “National Innovative Enterprise” with two national key laboratories, i.e. “National Key Laboratory
for New Pharmaceutical Preparations and Excipients” and “National Engineering Laboratory of Chiral Drugs”. It is also the
“National Enterprise Technology Center” and the only “National Nano Intelligent Manufacturing Industry Innovation Center”
(jointly built with the National Institute of Nanotechnology Innovation in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area)
in China, among which the National Key Laboratory and National Enterprise Technology Center was rated as Excellent in the
previous evaluations. The Group has also won the Second Prize of the National Award for Science and Technology Progress
four times, China Grand Awards for Industry twice and China Patent Gold Prize three times.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024      9
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     The Group’s R&D achievements (such as Mingfule, NBP and mRNA vaccines) have been published multiple times in the
     top international journals such as The New England Journal of Medicine and The Lancet, and have rewritten the Chinese or
     even international diagnosis and treatment guidelines. Other products including mitoxantrone liposomes, EGFR ADC, EGFR
     monoclonal antibody, SYH1813 and docetaxel (albumin-bound) have been selected for oral presentations at American
     Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO), European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO), American Society of Hematology (ASH)
     and other international conferences, receiving good international response and wide attention from the industry.


     The Group has rich innovation pipelines and has ranked among the top 25 pharmaceutical companies by size of pipeline
     by Citeline for two consecutive years. At present, more than 200 innovative drugs and preparations are under research and
     development, including over 90 large molecule drugs, over 60 small molecule drugs, over 50 new preparations and more
     than 160 clinical trials in progress, nearly 60 of which were in the phase III clinical trials. EGFR ADC, Nectin 4 ADC, HER2
     bispecific antibody, sirolimus albumin preparation and other developed products have been granted breakthrough therapy
     designation and fast track designation by Chinese and US regulatory authorities. It is expected that, by the end of 2028,
     there will be more than 50 new drugs/new indications to be submitted for marketing approval application. Examples of some
     of the core drugs in several areas are as follows:


     In the field of breast cancer, our products include paclitaxel (albumin-bound) II for the treatment of advanced breast cancer,
     KN026 in combination with docetaxel (albumin-bound) for HER2-positive breast cancer neoadjuvant therapy and HER2-
     positive breast cancer first-line treatment, sirolimus albumin preparation (granted breakthrough therapy designation) in
     combination with fluvestrant for the second-line treatment of HR-positive/HER2-negative breast cancer, JSKN003 for the
     treatment of HER2-positive breast cancer in second-line and beyond, and for the treatment of HER2-low expression breast
     cancer in second-line and beyond.


     In the field of lung cancer, our products include EGFR ADC for the treatment of EGFR mutated non-small cell lung cancer in
     second-line and beyond (granted breakthrough therapy designation and fast track designation), glumetinib tablets (granted
     breakthrough therapy designation) in combination with oxetinib for the treatment of MET amplification or overexpression in
     non-small cell lung cancer after EGFR-TKI resistance, JMT101 in combination with ohitinib for the first-line treatment of EGFR
     classical mutated non-small cell lung cancer.


     In the field of gastrointestinal tumors, our products include KN026 for second-line treatment of HER2-positive gastric cancer
     (granted breakthrough therapy designation), cimetinib tablets for second-line treatment of esophageal squamous cell
     carcinoma, docetaxel (albumin-bound) for advanced pancreatic cancer and second-line treatment of gastric cancer.


     In the cardiovascular and metabolic field, our products include TG103 for the treatment of diabetes and obesity, prugliptin
     metformin sustained-release tablets and prugliptin daglizin sustained-release metformin tablets for the treatment of diabetes,
     valsartan maleate levamlodipine tablets for the treatment of hypertension.


     The successive market launches of these products will address the unmet clinical needs and benefit many patients, while
     also fully demonstrating the core value of the Group’s pipelines, enhancing the Group’s competitiveness in the industry,
     and providing continuous momentum for the Group’s development. At the same time, this also signifies that the Group has
     quickly passed the painful period of transformation and is steadily moving towards a path of sustainable development.




10   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



The Group possesses strong commercialisation capabilities and has currently established a professional sales team of
over 10,000 individuals, extensively covering medical institutions across the country. We are actively expanding into lower-
tier markets and developing the potential of county-level markets to provide high-quality drugs to the grass roots. Through
patient-centric and clinical-data driven academic promotions, the Group’s sales team has successfully nurtured a number of
market-leading core products. This robust sales team and extensive commercialisation experience provide strong safeguards
for the sales performance of the Group’s innovative drugs to be launched on the market.


Business Review
Finished Drug Business
In 2024, the Group proactively responded to the challenges amidst the complex and volatile market environment and
continued to adopt the strategies of hospital coverage expansion, lower-tier market penetration, retail channel development,
expansion of the clinical applications and professional academic promotion to drive the business of finished drug products.
During the year, market expansion efforts for the newly launched drugs progressed in an orderly manner, with a number of
drugs successfully included in national volume-based procurement (VBP) or the National Reimbursement Drug List (NRDL),
which boosted sales and led to a more balanced product portfolio.


The finished drug business recorded a revenue of RMB23,736 million (including licence fee income of RMB17.83 million) for
the year, a decrease of 7.4% compared to the previous year. Sales by major therapeutic areas are as follows:


Therapeutic Area                                                                            Sales in 2024           Change
                                                                                           (RMB’ million)

Nervous system                                                                                      9,645             +6.1%
Oncology                                                                                            4,400            –28.3%
Anti-infectives                                                                                     4,086             –3.5%
Cardiovascular                                                                                      2,079            –14.8%
Respiratory system                                                                                  1,199            –23.1%
Digestion and metabolism                                                                            1,051            +18.1%
Others                                                                                              1,258             +0.8%


Nervous System
Major products include NBP (恩必普®) (butylphthalide soft capsules/injection), Mingfule (明復樂®) (recombinant human TNK
tissue-type plasminogen activator for injection), Shuanling (舒安靈®) (pentoxifylline extended-release tablets/injection), Enliwei
(恩理維®) (lacosamide injection/tablets), Enxi (恩悉®) (pramipexole dihydrochloride tablets), Oushuan (歐舒安®) (paliperidone
extended-release tablets) and Oulaining (歐來寧®) (oxiracetam capsules/oxiracetam for injection).


During the year, NBP, Enliwei and Oushuan maintained stable growth, while Shuanling and Oulaining experienced significant
sales declines due to market condition. A new indication of Mingfule for the treatment of acute ischemic stroke patients
received marketing approval, bringing new growth momentum to this therapeutic area.


•     NBP is a Class 1 new chemical drug and a patent-protected exclusive product indicated for the treatment of acute
      ischemic stroke. The product is recommended by many professional organisations and guidelines and is one of the
      major drugs for this indication. The new NRDL price of NBP will be implemented in 2025, which will further improve the
      accessibility of the product.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024      11
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     •    Mingfule is a third-generation thrombolytic drug with its own intellectual property rights. The market potential of the
          product has been significantly expanded through expansion of indication from the field of cardiovascular to nervous
          system. The product is the first of its kind to be approved in China for the thrombolytic treatment in patients with acute
          ischemic stroke and has been included in the several clinical treatment guidelines. In December 2024, the General
          Office of the National Health Commission published the Guideline for Prevention and Treatment of Cerebrovascular
          Disease (2024 Edition), which clearly recommended Mingfule (TNK) as the preferred medication for intravenous
          thrombolysis. This recommendation further validates the important role of Mingfule in clinical applications.


     Oncology
     Major products include Jinyouli (津優力®) (PEG-rhG-CSF injection), Duomeisu (多美素®) (doxorubicin hydrochloride liposome
     injection), Keaili (克艾力®) (paclitaxel for injection (albumin-bound)), Duoenyi (多恩益®) (irinotecan hydrochloride liposome
     injection), Duoenda (多恩達 ®) (mitoxantrone hydrochloride liposome injection), Geruite (戈瑞特 ®) (lenvatinib mesilate
     capsules), Enshuxing (恩舒幸®) (enlonstobart injection) and Jinlitai (津立泰®) (narlumosbart injection).


     Sales of this therapeutic area decreased significantly in 2024, mainly due to the price cuts of approximately 58% and 23% for
     Jinyouli and Duomeisu, respectively, at the volume-based procurement (“VBP”) in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei “3+N” Alliance,
     which has been gradually implemented in the related provinces since March 2024. Duomeisu was subsequently selected
     in the tenth batch of national centralised procurement catalogue, with the winning bid price further reduced to RMB98 per
     unit, which is expected to be implemented in April 2025. The significant decrease in product price is expected to exert great
     pressure on the sales revenue of the oncology therapeutic area.


     On the other hand, the sales of newly launched products, such as Duoenyi, Duoenda and Jinlitai, continued to grow during
     the year, providing new growth drivers.


     •    Duoenyi is the first generic irinotecan hydrochloride liposome injection in China. It was approved in September 2023 for
          use in combination with 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) and leucovorin (LV) for the treatment of patients with metastatic pancreatic
          cancer that have progressed after receiving gemcitabine treatment. The 2024 CSCO Guidelines recommend the
          combination regimen as a Class II recommendation for the treatment of metastatic pancreatic cancer in second-line
          and beyond and for inclusion in the first-line treatment of pancreatic cancer. The marketing efforts currently focus on
          gastrointestinal stromal tumors, including pancreatic cancer, biliary tract tumors, and colorectal cancer.


     •    Duoenda, a Class 2 new chemical drug developed by the Group, which was approved for marketing in early 2022 and
          included in the NRDL in 2023 for the treatment of relapsed/refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma, is the world’s first
          mitoxantrone liposomal formulation on the market with patents in several countries. Currently, the product is under
          active exploration and research in the field of hematological tumors and solid tumors including diffuse large B-cell
          lymphoma, acute myeloid leukemia and nasopharyngeal cancer.


     •    Enshuxing is a Class 1 new therapeutic biological drug, for which the Group owns the invention patent and complete
          independent property rights. The product obtained marketing approval in June 2024 and was included in the NRDL
          in the same year. The median survival (mOS) of patients with recurrent metastatic cervical cancer treated with
          monotherapy for second-line and beyond treatment was up to 21.3 months, which was significantly better than the
          efficacy of similar products. Since its market launch, the product has rapidly increased in sales volume. The marketing
          efforts of the product currently focus on gynecological tumors, including cervical cancer and endometrial cancer, and
          will be expanded to esophageal squamous carcinoma, colorectal cancer and other solid tumors in the future.




12   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



•     Jinlitai, a Class 1 new therapeutic biologic drug approved for marketing in September 2023 and included in the NRDL
      in 2024, is the world’s first IgG4 RANKL inhibitor developed by the Group, and is indicated for the treatment of giant
      cell tumor of bone, tumor bone metastasis and the improvement of osteoporosis. Compared with denosumab, Jinlitai
      has a faster onset of action (median time to tumor response of 0.95 month for narlumosbart compared to 3.1 months
      for denosumab) and good safety profile. Narlumosbartmab has been included in the recommendation of the Chinese
      Clinical Guidelines on Diagnosis and Treatment of Lung Cancer Bone Metastasis (2024 Edition). Currently, Jinlitai is
      also under active exploration and research in the fields of tumor bone metastasis and osteoporosis.


Anti-infectives
Major products include Anfulike (安複利克®) (amphotericin B cholesteryl sulfate complex for injection), Weihong (維宏®)
(azithromycin tablets/capsules/enteric tablets, azithromycin for injection), Shuluoke (舒羅克®) (meropenem for injection),
Nuomoling (諾莫靈®) (amoxicillin capsules), Xianqu (先曲®) (ceftriaxone sodium for injection), Xianwu (先伍®) (cefazolin sodium
for injection) and Oujian (歐健®) (cefixime capsules), etc.


During the reporting period, sales of anti-infective products remained stable. With continuous academic promotion of
Anfulike, the sales increased significantly. The sales of Weihong and Shuluoke declined due to market demand.


•     Anfulike was approved for marketing through priority review in March 2021 and included in the NRDL in the same year
      for the treatment of patients with invasive fungal infections. This product has undergone modifications of lipid structure,
      which significantly reduce the incidence of nephrotoxicity and hypokalaemia, expand the applicable population, and
      lower the medical cost. It is recommended jointly by the State Ministry of Industry and Health Care Commission as a
      “clinically urgent, market-deficient” drug.


Cardiovascular
Major products include Xuanning (玄寧®) (maleate levamlodipine tablets/dispersible tablets), Encun (恩存®) (clopidogrel
bisulfate tablets), Abikang (阿比康®) (aspirin enteric tablets), Yishuning (意舒寧®) (nifedipine controlled-release tablets),
Mingfule (明復樂 ®) (recombinant human TNK tissue-type plasminogen activator for injection), Daxinning (達新寧 ®)
(dronedarone hydrochloride tablets) and Meiluolin (美洛林®) (ticagrelor tablets).


Sales in this therapeutic area declined in 2024 primarily because Xuanning was not selected in the eighth batch of national
VBP in 2023, resulting in a significant impact on its sales in hospitals that strictly implemented the VBP policy, and its sales
revenue continued to decline. In contrast, the sales revenues of Encun, Yishuning, Meiluolin and Abikang recorded steady
growth.


•     Xuanning is mainly used for the treatment of hypertension, chronic stable angina and variant angina, and is a product
      in the NRDL and essential drug list. The Group will continue to adopt all-channel promotion strategy, deepen the
      expansion into lower-tier and private markets, and at the same time enhance promotion in retail markets and online
      sales channel, so as to fully unleash the brand influence of the product.


•     Encun is a platelet aggregation inhibitor, which is mainly used to prevent atherosclerotic thrombotic events such as
      myocardial infarction and ischemic stroke. The product is the only domestically produced clopidogrel in China that has
      obtained the US FDA approval and was included in the national VBP. We will continue to strengthen lower-tier market
      penetration to further improve accessibility of the product.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024      13
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     •    Mingfule is a third-generation thrombolytic drug with its own intellectual property rights, focusing on the thrombolysis
          treatment in patients with acute myocardial infarction within 6 hours of onset. It is a preferred thrombolytic drug
          recommended by authoritative guidelines, including the Guidelines for the Rational Medication for Thrombolytic
          Treatment of Acute ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction (2nd Edition), Chinese Expert Consensus on
          Microcirculation Protection Strategies for Emergency PCI in Patients with ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction,
          and Chinese Expert Consensus on Prehospital Thrombolytic Therapy for ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction,
          occupying a leading position in the cardiovascular emergency field.


     Respiratory System
     Major products include Yiluoda (伊絡達®) (nintedanib capsules), Qixin (琦昕®) (oseltamivir phosphate capsules), Nuoyian (諾
     一安®) (montelukast sodium tablets/chewable tablets), Qixiao (琦效®) (arbidol hydrochloride tablets), Zhongnuo Like (中諾立
     克®) (ambroxol hydrochloride oral solution), Zhongnuoping (中諾平®) (ambroxol hydrochloride extended-release tablets) and
     Enyitan (恩益坦®) (omalizumab for injection).


     During the year, benefiting from effective promotion strategies and strong market demand, the sales of Yiluoda increased
     significantly. In contrast, the sales of Qixiao and Qixin decreased notably due to a decline in market demand. Enyitan
     launched during the year has brought new sales contributions to the Company.


     •    Yiluoda is the first-to-market generic nintedanib drug in China, which is indicated for the treatment of systemic
          sclerosis-associated interstitial lung disease (SSc-ILD) and progressive fibrosing interstitial lung diseases (PF-ILD). Two
          indications of such product have been included in the NRDL, supporting the continuous growth of such product.


     •    Enyitan is the first biosimilar drug of Xolair® developed as Class 3.3 therapeutic biological product in China. The
          product was approved for marketing in October 2024 and indicated for adults and adolescents (12 years of age and
          older) with chronic spontaneous urticaria who remain symptomatic despite H1 antihistamine treatment, and was also
          approved for the indication of moderate to severe persistent allergic asthma in February 2025. The Global Strategy for
          Asthma Management and Prevention (GINA 2024) report states that for patients 6 years of age and older with severe
          allergic asthma, IgE therapy (such as Omalizumab) is strongly recommended. The market launch of such product will
          bring new growth momentum to the field of respiratory system.


     Digestion and metabolism
     Major products include Linmeixin (林美欣®) (glimepiride dispersible tablets), Shuanglexin (雙樂欣®) (metformin hydrochloride
     tablets/extended-release tablets), Xinweiping (欣維平®) (acarbose tablets), Oubeituo (歐倍妥®) (esomeprazole capsules) and
     Debixin (得必欣®) (omeprazole capsules/tablets/injection).


     Mainly driven by Oubeituo and Debixin, this therapeutic area recorded a satisfactory growth in sales during the year.


     •    Oubeituo is indicated for acid-related disorders such as gastro-esophageal reflux disease, stomach ulcers caused by
          non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), and the eradication of Helicobacter pylori (Hp) in combination with
          antibiotics. As an optically isomeric proton pump inhibitor (PPI) with a relatively wide range of indications, esomeprazole
          meets the needs of drug treatment for acid-related diseases and has been widely recommended by the Chinese
          Journal of Gastroenterology and the Chinese Journal of General Practitioners.


     •    Debixin, a classic proton pump inhibitor, is included in the National Essential Medicines List and classified as Category
          A under the medical insurance. Recommended by numerous domestic and international authoritative guidelines, it is
          indicated for the treatment of various gastric diseases caused by excessive gastric acid.



14   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Other therapeutic areas
Major products include Qimaite (奇邁特®) (tramadol hydrochloride tablets), Oubida (歐必達®) (apremilast tablets), Gujie (固杰®)
(tofacitinib citrate extended-release tablets), Gubang (固邦®) (alendronate sodium tablets/enteric tablets) and Xianpai (先派®)
(omeprazole sodium for injection).


Bulk Product Business
In 2024, the bulk product business recorded sales of RMB3,583 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.6%.


Vitamin C
Sales of Vitamin C products amounted to RMB1,994 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.4%. During the year,
market demand decreased while product prices increased. The Group will focus on product quality and actively expand into
the high-end market, as well as develop overseas sales networks and establish overseas offices to further increase its market
share.


Antibiotics
Sales of antibiotics products amounted to RMB1,589 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 7.2%, mainly due to
the impact of lower demand in overseas markets. The Group will adopt a market-oriented approach, continue to enhance
its product chain and optimise its sales, production, quality and registration in order to enhance its ability to expand into the
high-end market.


Functional Food and Other Businesses
In 2024, the functional food and other businesses recorded sales of RMB1,690 million, representing a year-on-year decrease
of 22.2%. During the year, the prices of caffeine products remained stable, but were still significantly lower than last year.


Research and Development
R&D expenses for the year increased by 7.5% to RMB5,191 million as compared with last year, accounting for approximately
21.9% of the revenue from the finished drug business. Currently, there are nearly 90 products in various stages of clinical
trial, with 9 of them having submitted application for marketing approval and 26 key products in the registration stage of
clinical trials.


Regulatory Updates
Since the beginning of the year, the regulatory progress of the Group in the PRC is as follows: 6 innovative drugs have
obtained registration approval, applications for marketing approval of 4 innovative drugs have been accepted, 60 approvals
for clinical trial have been obtained, 3 breakthrough therapy designations have been granted and 10 generic drugs have
been approved for drug registration approvals. In addition, the Group received clinical trial approval for 6 innovative drugs
and 2 fast track designations in North America.




                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024     15
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     China
     •       In February 2024, Mingfule (recombinant human TNK tissue-type plasminogen activator for injection) obtained
             marketing approval for the thrombolytic treatment in patients with acute ischemic stroke. It is the first approval for this
             indication of this product type in China, and the second approved indication of the product.


     •       In June 2024, Enshuxing (enlonstobart injection, SG001) obtained conditional marketing approval for the treatment of
             recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer patients with positive PD-L1 (CPS≥1) expression who have previously failed to
             respond to platinum-based chemotherapy.


     •       In September 2024, Ansulike (amphotericin B liposome for injection) obtained marketing approval for the treatment of: i)
             systemic fungal infections caused by sensitive fungi; ii) neutropenic patients with unexplained fever highly suggestive of
             systemic fungal infection; and iii) visceral leishmaniasis in adults and children.


     •       In September 2024, Enyitan (omalizumab for injection) obtained marketing approval for the treatment of adults and
             adolescents (aged 12 and older) with chronic spontaneous urticaria who remain symptomatic despite treatment with
             H1 antihistamines, and is the first biosimilar drug of Xolair® developed in China under Class 3.3 therapeutic biological
             product category.


     •       In January 2025, Shanzeping (善澤平®) (prusogliptin tablets) obtained marketing approval for the improvement of
             glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes, including monotherapy and combination therapy when metformin
             hydrochloride alone does not provide adequate glycemic control.


     •       In February 2025, Enyitan (omalizumab for injection) obtained marketing approval for the treatment of moderate to
             severe persistent allergic asthma.


     •       In November 2024, the application for marketing approval of ulinumab injection for the treatment of moderate to severe
             plaque psoriasis was accepted.


     •       In November 2024, the application for marketing approval of SYHX2011 (paclitaxel for injection (albumin-bound) II) for
             the treatment of advanced breast cancer was accepted.


     •       In March 2025, the application for marketing approval of aprepitant injection indicated for the prevention of
             postoperative nausea and vomiting was accepted.


     •       In March 2025, the application for marketing approval for irinotecan liposome injection for the indication of first-line
             treatment of pancreatic cancer was accepted.


     •       In January 2025, SYS6010 (humanised anti-human EGFR monoclonal antibody-JS-1 conjugate injection) for the
             indication of monotherapy for EGFR mutation-positive advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) after failure of
             EGFR TKIs and platinum-based chemotherapy was granted breakthrough therapy designation.


     •       In February 2025, Sirolimus for Injection (albumin-bound) for the treatment of malignant perivascular epithelioid cell
             tumor (PEComa) was granted breakthrough therapy designation.




16   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



•   In March 2025, JSKN003 (biparatopic HER2 antibody-drug conjugate) was granted breakthrough therapy designation
    for monotherapy in the treatment of patients with platinum-resistant recurrent epithelial ovarian, primary peritoneal
    carcinoma, or fallopian tube cancer.


•   25 innovative drug candidates have obtained clinical trial approval for their first indications and 35 new indications have
    obtained clinical trial approval:


    First Indication

    Drug Candidate                                     Indication
    JMT202 injection (FGFR1c/ß-Klotho agonist)         Lower triglyceride (TG) levels in patients with hypertriglyceridaemia
    SYS6023 (ADC)                                      Advanced solid tumors
    SYH2039 (MAT2A)                                    Advanced malignant tumors
    Dexmedetomidine hydrochloride nasal spray          Sedation before invasive procedures
    Pilocarpine hydrochloride eye drops                Presbyopia
    Pregabalin extended-release tablets                Neuropathic pain associated with diabetic peripheral neuropathy
    Semaglutide injection                              Weight management
    SYS6020 injection (BCMA CAR-T)                     Recurrent or refractory multiple myeloma
    Aprepitant injection                               Prevention of nausea and vomiting after surgery in adults
    SYS6016 injection (RSV mRNA vaccine)               Prevention of lower respiratory tract diseases caused by RSV infections
    Dextromethorphan bupropion hydrochloride           Adult depression
    extended-release tablets
    Tebipenem pivoxil fine granules                    Community-acquired bacterial pneumonia in children
    Valsartan levamlodipine maleate tablets            Primary mild and moderate hypertension that cannot be effectively controlled
                                                       by monotherapy
    Leuprorelin extended-release injection (1M)        Solid tumors
    SYH2062 injection (AGT)                            Primary hypertension in adults
    Semaglutide long-acting injection                  Weight management
    SYS6005 for injection (ADC)                        Advanced tumors
    SYS6043 for injection (ADC)                        Advanced solid tumors
    SYS6026 injection (HPV mRNA vaccine)               High-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion (HSIL) associated with HPV type
                                                       16 or 18
    SYH2059 tablets (PDE4B inhibitor)                  Interstitial lung disease
    SYS6045 for injection (ADC)                        Advanced solid tumors
    SYS6041 for injection (ADC)                        Advanced solid tumors
    SYS6017 injection (VZV-mRNA vaccine)               Prevention of herpes zoster virus infection
    JMT108 (PD-1/IL-15)                                Advanced malignant tumors
    SYS6040 (ADC)                                      Advanced solid tumors




                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024    17
     Management Discussion and Analysis



          Additional Indication

          Drug Candidate                            Indication
          SYSA1801 injection                        In combination with CAPOX and SG001 or with irinotecan hydrochloride
                                                    liposome injection for first-line and second-line treatment of Claudin18.2-
                                                    positive gastric cancer
                                                    In combination with capecitabine for the first-line treatment of unresectable
                                                    locally advanced or metastatic gastric adenocarcinoma or gastroesophageal
                                                    junction adenocarcinoma
          JMT101 injection                          In combination with docetaxel (albumin-bound) for the treatment of EGFR
                                                    lung squamous cell carcinoma in second-line and beyond
                                                    In combination with glumetinib tablets for the treatment of colorectal cancer
                                                    with MET amplification/high expression
                                                    In combination with docetaxel for injection (albumin-bound) or mitoxantrone
                                                    liposomal drug for the second-line/third-line treatment of head and neck
                                                    squamous cell carcinoma
                                                    In combination with mitoxantrone liposome injection for recurrent or
                                                    metastatic nasopharyngeal carcinoma
                                                    In combination with irinotecan liposome and glumetinib for second-line
                                                    treatment of colorectal cancer with MET amplification/MET high expression
          Simmitinib hydrochloride tablets          In combination with irinotecan liposome for the treatment of advanced
                                                    esophageal cancer
          Sirolimus for injection (albumin-bound)   In combination with endocrine therapy for the treatment of HR-positive HER2-
                                                    negative advanced breast cancer after failure of standard therapy
          Docetaxel for injection (albumin-bound)   In combination with glumetinib tablets for the treatment of locally advanced
                                                    or metastasis non-small cell lung cancer with negative driver genes and MET
                                                    overexpression in patients whose disease has progressed after recovery
                                                    immunotherapy (anti-PD-1/PD-L1 antibody) and platinum-based doublet
                                                    chemotherapy (in combination or sequential)
          Enshuxing (enlonstobart injection)        In combination with docetaxel for injection (albumin-bound) and carboplatin
                                                    for the first-line treatment of newly diagnosed advanced or recurrent
                                                    endometrial cancer in patients who have not received previous systemic
                                                    treatment
          SYH2043 tablets                           In combination with fulvestrant for the treatment of advanced breast cancer
          Cisplatin micelle injection               In combination with paclitaxel for the treatment of advanced solid tumors
          Octreotide long-acting injection          Gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumors
          Irinotecan liposome injection             In combination with oxaliplatin and tegafur for adjuvant treatment after
                                                    pancreatic cancer surgery
          DP303c injection                          In combination with simmitinib hydrochloride or irinotecan liposome for
                                                    the treatment of HER2-expressing locally advanced or metastatic gastric
                                                    adenocarcinoma or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma
          Simmitinib hydrochloride tablets          In combination with DP303c injection for the treatment of HER2 low-
                                                    expressing recurrent/metastatic breast cancer
          SYS6002 for injection (Nectin-4 ADC)      In combination with SG001 for the treatment of advanced solid tumors
                                                    In combination with JMT101 and SG001 for the treatment of first-line
                                                    advanced head and neck squamous cell carcinoma




18   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



    Drug Candidate                                      Indication
    SYHA1813 oral solution                              In combination with SG001 and docetaxel for injection (albumin-bound) for
                                                        the treatment of advanced solid tumors
                                                        In combination with enlonstobart injection with or without TACE for the
                                                        treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma
                                                        In combination with SG001 for consolidation after synchronous/sequential
                                                        radiotherapy in limited stage small cell lung cancer
                                                        In combination with sirolimus for injection (albumin-bound) for the treatment
                                                        of advanced renal cell carcinoma in second-line and beyond
    Sirolimus for injection (albumin-bound)             In combination with irinotecan liposome injection for the treatment of small
                                                        cell lung cancer
    SYS6020 injection (CAR-T)                           Systemic lupus erythematosus
                                                        Myasthenia gravis
    SYS6010 injection                                   In combination with osimertinib for the treatment of locally advanced or
                                                        metastatic EGFR mutated non-small cell lung cancer
                                                        In combination with SYH2051 tablets with or without bevacizumab for the
                                                        treatment of advanced solid tumors
                                                        In combination with SG001 with or without chemotherapy for the treatment
                                                        of EGFR and ALK wild-type advanced non-small cell lung cancer and other
                                                        advanced solid tumors
    KN026 injection                                     Neoadjuvant therapy for early stage or locally advanced HER2-positive breast
                                                        cancer in combination with HB1801
    ALMB-0168 injection                                 In combination with regorafenib for the treatment of advanced osteosarcoma
    SYH2051 tablets (ATM inhibitor)                     In combination with SYS6010 with or without bevacizumab for the treatment
                                                        of advanced solid tumors
                                                        In combination with irinotecan liposome for the treatment of advanced solid
                                                        tumors
    Paclitaxel cationic liposome for injection          Indications for the treatment of liver metastases of advanced solid tumors in
                                                        combination with systemic therapy
    SYHX1901 (JAK & TYK2)                               In combination with other drugs for the treatment of solid tumors and
                                                        hematological tumors



•   Since the beginning of 2024, a total of 10 generic drugs have obtained drug registration approval, namely dapagliflozin
    tablets, peramivir injection, olaparib tablets, palbociclib tablets, roxadustat capsules, aprepitant injection, dexrazoxane
    for injection, tedizolid phosphate tablets, regorafenib tablets and ilaprazole enteric-coated tablets.




                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024        19
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     North America
     •    In January 2024, JMT106 injection (bispecific fusion protein targeting GPC3 and interferon receptors) obtained clinical
          trial approval in the US.


     •    In April 2024, SYH2039 tablets (highly selective MAT2A inhibitor) obtained clinical trial approval in the US.


     •    In July 2024, SYS6023 (ADC) obtained clinical trial approval in the US.


     •    In January 2025, SYS6043 (ADC) obtained clinical trial approval in the US.


     •    In February 2025, SYH2059 tablets (PDE4B inhibitor) obtained clinical trial approval in the US.


     •    In March 2025, SYH2051 tablets (selective ATM inhibitor) obtained clinical trial approval in the US.


     •    In September 2024, CPO301 (EGFR-ADC) had been granted fast track designation by the US Food and Drug
          Administration (FDA) for the treatment of recurrent or metastatic squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with
          epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) overexpression that has progressed on or after treatment with platinum-
          based chemotherapy and anti-PD-L1 therapy.


     •    In December 2024, CRB-701 (SYS6002), developed by Corbus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. under a license from the Group,
          had been granted Fast Track designation by the FDA for the treatment of relapsed or refractory metastatic cervical
          cancer.


     Major Clinical Trials Progress
     DP303c injection (recombinant humanised anti-HER2 monoclonal antibody-MMAE conjugate for injection)
     •    In February 2024, the phase III clinical trial for the treatment of HER2-positive advanced breast cancer in second-line
          and beyond was initiated in China.


     Daunorubicin cytarabine liposome for injection
     •    In February 2024, the phase III clinical trial for the treatment of high-risk secondary AML in the elderly patients who
          have not been previously treated was initiated in China.


     Docetaxel for injection (albumin-bound)
     •    In February 2024, the phase III clinical trial comparing to Taxotere® for the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic
          gastric adenocarcinoma or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma that has previously failed first-line treatments
          was initiated in China.


     •    In July 2024, the phase III clinical trial for the treatment of advanced pancreatic cancer in combination with best
          supportive care (BSC) versus BSC was initiated in China.




20   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Semaglutide injection
•    In August 2024, subject enrollment of the phase III clinical trial for the treatment of type 2 diabetes initiated in China
     was completed.


•    In September 2024, subject enrollment of the phase III clinical trial for the treatment of weight management initiated in
     China was completed.


JMT103 (narlumosbart injection)
•    In March 2024, the phase III clinical trial for the treatment of bone metastasis of malignant solid tumors was initiated in
     China.


Pregabalin extended-release tablets
•    In December 2024, subject enrollment of the phase III clinical trial for neuropathic pain associated with diabetic
     peripheral neuropathy initiated in China was completed.


Secukinumab injection
•    In November 2024, subject enrollment of the phase III clinical trial comparing to Cosentyx® for the treatment of
     moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis initiated in China was completed.


TG103 injection (GLP-1 receptor agonists)
•    In January 2024, subject enrollment of the phase III clinical trial for the treatment of overweight and obesity initiated in
     China was completed.


•    In December 2024, subject enrollment of the phase III clinical trial for the treatment of type 2 diabetes initiated in China
     was completed.


•    In March 2025, the database lock for phase III clinical trials conducted in China for the treatment of overweight and
     obesity was completed.


JMT101 injection (recombinant humanised anti-epidermal growth factor receptor monoclonal antibody injection)
•    In April 2024, the phase III clinical trial of JMT101 in combination with osimertinib comparing to cisplatin in combination
     with pemetrexed for the treatment of NSCLC patients with first-line EGFR exon 20 insertion mutations was initiated in
     China.


•    In May 2024, the phase II/III clinical trial of JMT101 in combination with docetaxel (albumin-bound) for treatment of
     EGFR lung squamous cell carcinoma in second-line and beyond was initiated in China.


Mitoxantrone hydrochloride liposome injection
•    In September 2024, subject enrollment of the phase III confirmatory clinical trial for the treatment of relapsed/refractory
     peripheral T-cell lymphoma initiated in China in second-line and beyond was completed.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024       21
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Simmitinib hydrochloride tablets
     •     In October 2024, the phase III clinical trial of simmitinib hydrochloride tablets comparing to investigator’s choice of
           chemotherapy as the second-line treatment of esophageal cancer was initiated in China.


     KN026 injection
     •     In December 2024, the phase III clinical trial of KN026 injection in combination with docetaxel (albumin-bound)
           comparing to trastuzumab and pertuzumab in combination with docetaxel for neoadjuvant treatment of HER2-positive
           breast cancer was initiated in China.


     Irinotecan liposome injection
     •     In October 2024, the phase III clinical trial of irinotecan liposome injection in combination with oxaliplatin and tegafur
           comparing to gemcitabine and capecitabine for adjuvant treatment of pancreatic cancer was initiated in China.


     Aprepitant injection
     •     In November 2024, subject enrollment of the phase III clinical trial for prevention of nausea and vomiting after surgery
           initiated in China was completed.


     Pertuzumab injection
     •     In November 2024, subject enrollment of the phase III clinical trial of pertuzumab injection in combination with
           trastuzumab and docetaxel for the treatment of early-stage or locally advanced HER2-positive breast cancer initiated in
           China was completed.


     Valsartan levoamlodipine maleate tablets
     •     In December 2024, the phase III clinical trial of valsartan levoamlodipine maleate tablets comparing to valsartan or
           levamlodipine for the treatment of hypertension was initiated in China.


     Ammuxetine hydrochloride enteric tablets
     •     In February 2025, the phase III clinical trial of a controlled sertraline for the treatment of depression was initiated in
           China.


     JSKN003
     •     In December 2024, the phase III clinical trial for a controlled investigator-selected chemotherapy for the treatment of
           patients with platinum-resistant recurrent epithelial ovarian, primary peritoneal cancer, or fallopian tube cancers treated
           with second-line or beyond therapies was initiated in China (conducted by Alphamab Oncology).


     •     In February 2025, the phase III clinical trial against TDM1 for the treatment of HER2-positive advanced breast cancer in
           second-line and beyond was initiated in China.




22   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Dextromethorphan bupropion extended-release tablets
•    In March 2025, the phase III clinical trial for a controlled placebo treatment for depression was initiated in China.


Publication of Major Clinical Trial Results
SYS6002 for injection (anti-Nectin-4 monoclonal antibody-drug conjugate)
•    In January 2024, the results of the phase I clinical study for the treatment of advanced solid tumors were presented at
     the 2024 ASCO Genitourinary Cancers Symposium (ASCO-GU) (No. B622). Preliminary results indicated that SYS6002
     demonstrated clear efficacy signals and good tolerability in advanced solid tumors such as cervical cancer and
     urothelial cancer.


•    In May 2024, the results of the phase I clinical study for the treatment of advanced solid tumors were presented
     in a poster session at the 2024 ASCO Annual Meeting (No. 3151). Preliminary results indicated that SYS6002
     demonstrated clear efficacy signals and good tolerability in patients with advanced solid tumors.


DBPR108 tablets (prusogliptin tablets)
•    In January 2024, the results of the phase III clinical study of the monotherapy for the treatment of diabetes were
     published in the international journal Diabetes, Obesity & Metabolism. The results demonstrated that the hypoglycemic
     efficacy of DBPR108 was significantly better than the placebo group and non-inferior to the active group of sitagliptin
     phosphate tablets. In addition, the safety profile of DBPR108 tablets was similar to the placebo group and the active
     group of sitagliptin phosphate tablets.


•    In March 2025, the results from the PK/PD study of DBPR108 tablets in patients with type 2 diabetes were accepted
     by Clinical Pharmacokinetics (IF 5.6).


Duentai (度恩泰 ® ) (SARS-CoV-2 mRNA vaccine)
•    From February 2024 to March 2024, multiple clinical study results of the first-generation COVID-19 mRNA vaccine
     were published in international journals Emerging Microbes & Infections, Vaccine and Journal of Medical Virology,
     demonstrating that the vaccine had good protective efficacy and immunogenicity as well as a good safety profile, and
     that it had a certain protective effect against XBB mutant strains.


•    In March 2024, the results of the phase I clinical study of the bivalent COVID-19 mRNA vaccine (XBB.1.5/BQ.1
     variants) (SYS6006.32) were published in the international journal Vaccine (IF 5.5), demonstrating that the vaccine had
     a good safety profile and good immunogenicity, and could produce cross-immunity against multiple mutant strains.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024   23
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     JMT101 injection (recombinant humanised anti-epidermal growth factor receptor monoclonal antibody injection)
     •    In March 2024, the results of the phase II clinical trial (BECOME) of JMT101 in combination with osimertinib for the
          treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC carrying EGFR exon 20 insertion mutations were
          orally presented at the European Lung Cancer Congress 2024 (2024 ELCC), demonstrating significant efficacy of
          JMT101 in combination with osimertinib for the above indications with a controllable safety profile.


     •    In September 2024, the results of the phase II clinical trial of JMT101 in combination with osimertinib for the treatment
          of patients with EGFR-sensitive mutated NSCLC were accepted as a mini-oral presentation at the 2024 ESMO Asia
          Congress (ESMO Asia) and were presented in December 2024 (614M).


     •    In November 2024, the results of the phase II clinical trial of JMT101 in combination with irinotecan + SG001 versus
          regorafenib for the treatment of patients with ≥3L colorectal cancer were accepted as a poster presentation at the
          2025 ASCO Gastrointestinal Cancers Symposium (ASCO GI) and were presented in January 2025 (TPS314).


     TG103 injection (GLP-1 receptor agonists)
     •    In April 2024, the results of the phase Ib clinical study of the monotherapy for overweight or obesity without type 2
          diabetes were published in the international journal BMC Medicine (IF 9.3). The study results indicated that the weight-
          reducing efficacy of TG103 monotherapy was significantly better than the placebo group.


     Enshuxing (enlonstobart injection, SG001)
     •    In May 2024, the results of the phase Ib clinical study of SG001 monotherapy for recurrent or metastatic cervical
          cancer were published in the international journal Cancer Communications (IF 20.1). The study results indicated that
          SG001 monotherapy demonstrated good efficacy with a controllable safety profile, and SG001 had great potential for
          future combination treatments in recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer.


     •    In May and October 2024, the results of the phase II clinical study of SG001 monotherapy for recurrent or metastatic
          cervical cancer were presented in a poster session at the 2024 ASCO Annual Meeting (No. 5526) and published in the
          international journal Gynecologic Oncology (IF 4.5), respectively. The study results indicated that SG001 monotherapy
          demonstrated durable anti-tumor activity with an acceptable safety profile in patients with PD-L1 positive recurrent/
          metastatic cervical cancer.


     •    In November 2024, the phase III safety run-in results of SG001 in combination with platinum-based chemotherapy with
          or without bevacizumab for recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer were accepted as a poster presentation at the 2025
          Society of Gynecologic Oncology (SGO) Annual Meeting.


     Simmitinib hydrochloride tablets
     •    In May 2024, the results of the phase I clinical study of simmitinib hydrochloride tablets for the treatment of advanced
          solid tumors were presented in a poster session at the 2024 ASCO Annual Meeting (No. 3109). Preliminary study
          results indicated that simmitinib hydrochloride tablets had a controllable safety profile and demonstrated good efficacy
          in patients with esophageal squamous cell carcinoma.




24   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



JMT103 (narlumosbart injection)
•    In May 2024, the results of the phase Ib clinical study of JMT103 for the treatment of bone metastasis of solid tumors
     were presented online at the 2024 ASCO Annual Meeting (No. e15190). Preliminary study results indicated that
     JMT103 had low immunogenicity and a good safety profile, and demonstrated good efficacy in reducing biomarkers of
     bone metabolism.


•    In September 2024, the results of the phase Ib/II clinical study of JMT103 for the treatment of patients with
     unresectable or surgically challenging giant cell tumor of bone were presented orally at the 2024 Chinese Society of
     Clinical Oncology (CSCO) Annual Meeting and awarded the Outstanding Paper Award. In October 2024, the results of
     the study were published in the journal Nature Communications (IF 14.7). The results indicated the therapeutic potential
     of JMT103 for this indication with a good safety profile.


Docetaxel for injection (albumin-bound)
•    In May 2024, the results of the phase II clinical study of docetaxel (albumin-bound) for the treatment of gastric
     adenocarcinoma or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma were presented online at the 2024 ASCO Annual
     Meeting (No. e16018). Preliminary study results indicated that docetaxel (albumin-bound) had a controllable safety
     profile and demonstrated good efficacy for such indication. At the same year, the updated results of this clinical study
     were accepted as a rapid-oral presentation by 2025 ASCO GI and presented in January 2025. The study results
     showed that the safety profile of docetaxel albumin was comparable to Taxotere®, reducing mortality risk by 41% and
     demonstrating a numerical advantage in PFS.


DP303c injection (recombinant humanised anti-HER2 monoclonal antibody-MMAE conjugate for injection)
•    In August 2024, the results of phase I clinical study of DP303c for the treatment of HER2-expressing advanced solid
     tumors were published in npj Precision Oncology, an international journal (IF 7.9). The study results showed that
     DP303c demonstrated a favorable efficacy in the treatment of HER2-expressing advanced solid tumors, particularly
     HER2-expressing breast cancers.


SYHA1813 oral solution
•    In September 2024, the results of phase I clinical study of SYHA1813 for the treatment of recurrent or advanced solid
     tumors were published in a mini-oral session at the 2024 ESMO Congress (No. 2032). The study results showed that
     SYHA1813 demonstrated a favourable anti-tumor efficacy for the treatment of recurrent glioma.


KN026 injection
•    In September 2024, the results of phase II clinical study of KN026 for the combination treatment of HER2-positive
     advanced unresectable or metastatic gastric cancers/gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma were published
     in a poster session at 2024 ESMO Congress (No. 1425P). The study results showed that KN026 demonstrated an
     outstanding efficacy and a favourable safety profile for the combination treatment of patients with HER2-positive gastric
     cancers/gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma in second-line and beyond.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024      25
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     NBL-012 injection (anti-IL-23 p19 subunit antibody)
     •     In September 2024, the results of phase I clinical study of NBL-012 in healthy group were presented in a poster
           session at 2024 EADV Congress (No. P0959). The study results showed that NBL-012 demonstrated a general
           favourable safety profile and tolerability in healthy Chinese subjects, and linear pharmacokinetic characteristics in the
           dose range of 20mg to 400mg.


     SYHX1901 tablets
     •     In September 2024, the results of the Phase II clinical study of SYHX1901 tablets for moderate-to-severe plaque
           psoriasis were presented in poster session at the 2024 EADV Congress (No. P3135). The study results indicated that
           all three dose groups of SYHX1901 tablets showed significantly higher PASI75 achievement rate than the placebo
           group at 12 weeks of treatment, with good overall safety and tolerability.


     Duoenyi (irinotecan liposome injection, HE072)
     •     In December 2024, the article in relation to the Phase Ib project of irinotecan liposome for triple negative breast cancer
           (TNBC) was published in Nature Communications (IF 14.7). The results indicated that irinotecan liposome had good
           anti-tumor efficacy, safety and tolerability in the treatment of advanced metastatic TNBC patients.


     Ustekinumab injection (SYSA1902)
     •     In November 2024, the results of the Phase III trial of ustekinumab injection for the treatment of patients with moderate-
           to-severe plaque psoriasis were accepted as a e-poster presentation at the 2025 American Academy of Dermatology
           (AAD) Annual Meeting. In March 2025, the results were accepted by the Journal of the American Academy of
           Dermatology (JAAD, IF 12.8), the top-ranked journal in the field of dermatology.


     Duoenda (mitoxantrone liposome)
     •     In October 2024, the article in relation to the phase II project of mitoxantrone liposome for the treatment of peripheral
           T-cell lymphoma (PTCL) was published in journal Cancer (IF 6.1). The results indicated that mitoxantrone liposome had
           good anti-tumor efficacy, safety and tolerability in the treatment of patients with refractory or relapsed PTCL.


     •     In February 2025, the results of phase Ib clinical trial of hydrochloride liposome for the treatment of head and neck
           squamous carcinoma were accepted by the journal Oral Oncology (IF4.0), demonstrating good anti-tumor efficacy and
           safe tolerance of hydrochloride liposome in patients with recurrent/metastatic head and neck squamous carcinoma.


     Sirolimus Albumin for Injection
     •     In February 2025, the results of the phase Ib trial of sirolimus albumin for injection in the treatment of PEComa were
           accepted as a mini oral presentation by the ESMO Sarcoma.


     ALMB-0166
     •     In March 2025, the results of the phase I/II clinical trial of ALMB-0166 in patients with acute spinal cord injury
           were accepted as an oral and poster presentation by the American Academy of Neurology (AAN) Annual Meeting,
           demonstrating the safety and improved initial neurological recovery of ALMB-0166 in patients with acute spinal cord
           injury.




26   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



SYS6010 (anti-human EGFR humanised monoclonal antibody)
•    In March 2025, the results of the phase I clinical trial of SYS6010 in advanced solid tumors were accepted as an oral
     presentation at the 2025 American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) Annual Meeting.


JMT601 (CD20/CD47 bispecific fusion protein)
•    In March 2025, the results of the phase I trial of JMT601 in CD20-positive B-cell non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma were
     accepted as a poster presentation at the 2025 AACR Annual Meeting.


SWY2321 (EGFR/c-MET ADC)
•    In February 2025, the non-clinical research results of SWY2321 (EGFR/c-MET ADC) were accepted by AACR and
     selected for poster presentation. Preclinical studies of this drug showed excellent efficacy against tumors with low-
     to-medium expression of EGFR/c-MET, effectively overcoming tumor heterogeneity and resistance induced by MET
     amplification.


SYH2039 (MAT2A small molecule inhibitor)
•    In February 2025, the non-clinical research results of SYH2039 were accepted by AACR and selected for oral
     presentation (Mini symposium). This drug is a highly active MAT2A inhibitor with high selectivity for killing MTAP-
     deficient tumor cells; it has inhibitory effects on various MTAP-deficient tumor cells, high brain penetrance, excellent
     safety profile, and is the second most advanced drug globally with the same target.


SYS6041 (FR α ADC)
•    In February 2025, the non-clinical research results of SYS6041 (FR α ADC) were accepted by AACR for poster
     presentation. Preclinical studies of this drug demonstrated excellent efficacy in low-to-medium FR α expression models
     and superiority compared to the competitor MTi-ADC, as well as superior efficacy in models resistant to Olaparib
     and insensitive to MTi-ADC. Additionally, SYS6041 achieves high toxin accumulation at tumor sites, exhibiting good
     targeting capability and safety profile.


SYS6042 (TROP2 ADC)
•    In February 2025, the non-clinical research results of SYS6042 (TROP2–ADC) were accepted by AACR for poster
     presentation. Preclinical results showed that SYS6042 had superior efficacy in various tumor models compared to
     similar TROP2–ADCs. Additionally, SYS6042 adopts a pH-sensitive differentiated design, significantly reducing both
     on-target and off-target toxicities with a good safety profile.


SYS6051 (TF-ADC)
•    In February 2025, the non-clinical research results of SYS6051 (TF-ADC) were accepted by the AACR for poster
     presentation. Preclinical studies of this drug showed good efficacy in tumors with varying levels of tissue factor (TF)
     expression, demonstrating superior or comparable performance to similar TF-ADCs. Additionally, SYS6051 utilises
     non-blocking antibodies that do not interfere with coagulation function, thereby reducing the risk of bleeding, and no
     rash was observed, indicating a better safety profile.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024      27
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Clinical Pipeline Overview
     Registration and Pivotal Trial of Key Products

     Drug candidate                             Type                    Target                      Indication(s)               Status
     Meloxicam nanocrystal injection            Nanodrug                Selective COX-2 inhibitor Moderate-to-severe pain       Application for marketing
                                                                                                  in adults                     approval submitted
     Amphotericin B liposome for                Nanodrug                Anti-infective, nonspecific Invasive fungal infection   Application for marketing
     injection                                                          drug                                                    approval submitted (US)
     Irinotecan hydrochloride liposome          Nanodrug                Topoisomerase               Pancreatic cancer           Application for marketing
     injection                                                          inhibitor                                               approval submitted (US)
     Clevidipine butyrate injectable emulsion   Nanodrug                Calcium channel             Hypertension                Application for marketing
                                                                        blocker                                                 approval submitted
     Batoclimab (HBM9161)                       Biological drug         FcRn                        Myasthenia gravis           Application for marketing
                                                (monoclonal antibody)                                                           approval submitted
     Ustekinumab injection (SYSA1902)           Biological drug         IL-12/IL-23p40              Psoriasis                   Application for marketing
                                                (monoclonal antibody)                                                           approval submitted
     Paclitaxel for injection (albumin-bound) II Nanodrug               Microtubule inhibitor       Breast cancer               Application for marketing
     (SYHX2011)                                                                                                                 approval submitted
     Aprepitant injection                       Chemical drug           NK-1 receptorantagonist     Prevention of nausea and Application for marketing
                                                                                                    vomiting after surgery   approval submitted
     Irinotecan hydrochloride                   Nanodrug                Topoisomeraseinhi           First-line pancreatic cancer Application for marketing
     liposomeinjection                                                  bitor                                                    approval submitted
     DP303c injection (recombinant              Biological drug (ADC)   HER2 receptor (ADC)         Breast cancer               Pivotal trial
     humanised anti-HER2 monoclonal
     antibody-MMAE conjugate for injection)
     JMT101 injection (recombinant           Biological drug            EGFR                        EGFR exon 20 insertion Pivotal trial
     humanised anti-epidermal growth factor (monoclonal antibody)                                   non-small cell lung cancer/
     receptor monoclonal antibody injection)                                                        Lung squamous cell
                                                                                                    carcinoma/EGFR mutant
                                                                                                    non-small cell lung cancer
     KN026 injection                            Biological drug         HER2 bispecific antibody Gastric cancer/Breast     Pivotal trial
                                                (bispecific antibody)                            cancer/Neoadjuvant
                                                                                                 therapy for breast cancer
     Pertuzumab injection                       Biological drug         HER2                        Breast cancer               Pivotal trial
                                                (monoclonal antibody)
     TG103 injection                            Biological drug         GLP-1 receptor              Obesity and                 Pivotal trial
                                                (monoclonal antibody)   agonist                     overweight/Diabetes/
                                                                                                    Diabetes (combined)
     Daunorubicin cytarabine liposome           Nanodrug                RNA/DNA polymerase          Primary treatment of        Pivotal trial
     for injection                                                      inhibitor                   secondary AML
     Docetaxel for injection (albumin-bound)    Nanodrug                Microtubule inhibitor       Gastric cancer/Pancreatic Pivotal trial
                                                                                                    cancer
     Semaglutide injection                      Chemical drug           GLP-1Ra/GLP-1 receptor Diabetes/weight                  Pivotal trial
                                                                        agonist                management
     Mitoxantrone hydrochloride                 Nanodrug                Cell-cycle non-specific     Nasopharyngeal cancer       Pivotal trial
     liposome injection                                                 drug
     JMT103 (Narlumosbart injection)            Biological drug         RANKL                       Bone metastasis of          Pivotal trial
                                                (monoclonal antibody)                               malignant solid tumors




28   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Drug candidate                        Type                    Target                    Indication(s)               Status
Pregabalin extended-release tablets   Chemical drug           γ-GABA analogue           Neuropathic pain            Pivotal trial
                                                                                        associated with diabetic
                                                                                        peripheral neuropathy
Pilocarpine hydrochloride eye drops   Chemical drug           Cholinergic muscarinic    Presbyopia                  Pivotal trial
                                                              agonist
Secukinumab injection                 Biological drug         IL-17 monoclonal antibody Psoriasis                   Pivotal trial
                                      (monoclonal antibody)
SYHX1901 tablets                      Chemical drug           JAK&TYK dual-target       Psoriasis                   Pivotal trial
                                                              inhibitor
Sirolimus for injection               Nanodrug                mTOR inhibitor            Perivascular epithelioid  Pivotal trial
(albumin-bound)                                                                         cell tumor (PEComa)/
                                                                                        Second-line breast cancer
Irinotecan hydrochloride liposome     Nanodrug                Topoisomerase             Adjuvant pancreatic         Pivotal trial
injection                                                     inhibitor                 cancer
Simmitinib hydrochloride tablets      Chemical drug           FGFR1-3 & KDR & CSF1R Esophageal squamous cell Pivotal trial
                                                              multi-targeted small      carcinoma
                                                              molecule kinase inhibitor
SYS6010 injection                     Biological drug         EGFR(ADC)                 Treatment-naive and TKI- Pivotal trial
                                                                                        resistant EGFR mutant
                                                                                        non-small cell lung cancer
SYSA1801 injection                    Biological drug         CLDN18.2(ADC)             CLDN18.2-positive           Pivotal trial
                                                                                        HER2-negative gastric
                                                                                        adenocarcinoma
Valsartan Levoamlodipine Maleate      Chemical drug           Angiotensin II receptor   Hypertension                Pivotal trial
Tablets                                                       blocker
Ammuxetine hydrochloride enteric      Chemical drug           5-Hydroxytryptamine and Depression                    Pivotal trial
tablets                                                       norepinephrine reuptake
                                                              inhibitors
Dextromethorphan bupropion            Chemical drug           NMDA receptor antagonist Depression                   Pivotal trial
extended-release tablets
JSKN003                               Biological drug         HER2 bispecific anti-ADC Second-line and beyond Pivotal trial
                                                                                       HER2-positive breast
                                                                                       cancer/HER2 low-
                                                                                       expression breast cancer/
                                                                                       patients with second-line
                                                                                       and beyond platinum-
                                                                                       resistant recurrent epithelial
                                                                                       ovarian cancer, primary
                                                                                       peritoneal carcinoma, or
                                                                                       fallopian tube cancer
SYHA1813 oral solution                Chemical drug           VEGFR/CSF1R               Small cell lung cancer      Pivotal trial
Prusogliptin tablets                  Chemical drug           DPP-4 inhibitor           Diabetes (combined          Pivotal trial
                                                                                        treatment)
Glumetinib tablets                    Chemical drug           MET inhibitor             Non-small cell lung cancer Pivotal trial




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024   29
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Awards and Patents
     •    In December 2024, the Group’s project on “Key Technology Research and Industrialisation of Nintedanib Mesylate for
          Pulmonary Fibrosis” was awarded the First Prize of the Hebei Provincial Science and Technology Progress Award.


     •    In December 2024, the “Hebei Province Innovative Drug Formulation and Delivery Technology Collaborative Innovation
          Alliance”, led by the Group, was approved for establishment by the Hebei Provincial Department of Science and
          Technology.


     •    Since the beginning of 2024, 51 international PCT applications and 338 patent applications (200 domestic and 138
          overseas) were filed, and 93 patents (44 domestic and 49 overseas) were granted.


     •    Cumulatively 213 international PCT applications and 2,132 patent applications (1,384 domestic and 748 overseas)
          were filed, and 992 patents (649 domestic and 343 overseas) were granted.


     Business Development
     While continuing to enhance in-house innovation and R&D capabilities, the Group is also driving forward its business
     development efforts. We will seek to further strengthen our product pipelines and create new growth drivers through
     collaboration with biotech companies having high-quality drug candidates. In addition, we will actively promote
     internationalisation of the business by out-licensing the Group’s innovative products.


     In-Licensing
     •    In September 2024, the Group entered into an exclusive license agreement with Jiangsu Alphamab to obtain the
          development and commercialisation rights of JSKN003 (a biparatopic HER2-targeting ADC) in mainland China.


     Out-Licensing
     •    In October 2024, the Group entered into an exclusive license agreement with AstraZeneca to out-license the global
          development, manufacture and commercialisation rights of the Group’s pre-clinical small molecule inhibitor Lp(a)
          (YS302018) and any pharmaceutical product subsequently developed that is comprised of or contains the compound.
          The Group will receive an upfront payment of US$100 million, and is also eligible to receive up to US$370 million in
          potential development milestone payments and up to US$1,550 million in potential sales milestone payments, plus
          tiered royalties.


     •    In December 2024, the Group entered into an exclusive license agreement with BeiGene to out-license the global
          development, manufacture and commercialisation rights of the Group’s novel and highly selective methionine
          adenosyltransferase 2A (MAT2A) inhibitor (SYH2039) and any pharmaceutical product subsequently developed that is
          comprised of or contains the compound. The Group will receive upfront payments totaling US$150 million, and is also
          eligible to receive potential development milestone payments of up to US$135 million and potential sales milestone
          payments of up to US$1,550 million, plus tiered royalties.


     •    In February 2025, the Group entered into an exclusive license agreement with Radiance Biopharma, Inc. to out-license
          the development and commercialisation rights of the Group’s SYS6005 (ADC) in the United States, the European
          Union, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Norway, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Albania, Montenegro, North Macedonia,
          Serbia, Australia, and Canada. The Group will receive upfront payments of US$15 million and is also eligible to receive
          potential development milestone payments of up to US$150 million and potential sales milestone payments of up to
          US$1,075 million, plus tiered royalties.




30   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Financial Review
Financial Results
Revenue and Gross Profit Margin
Revenue for the year amounted to RMB29,009 million, a decrease of 7.8% compared to RMB31,450 million in 2023. The
decrease was mainly due to the decline in revenue from the finished drug business. Gross profit margin slightly decreased by
0.5 percentage point to 70.0%.


Other Income
Other income for the year amounted to RMB561 million (2023: RMB626 million), mainly consisting of interest income on
bank deposits and balances of RMB232 million (2023: RMB260 million), government grant income of RMB129 million (2023:
RMB216 million) and agency income of RMB118 million (2023: RMB27 million).


Other gains or losses, net
A net loss of RMB118 million was recorded for the year (2023: net loss of RMB105 million), mainly consisting of fair value
loss on financial assets measured at FVTPL of RMB152 million (2023: loss of RMB211 million) , net foreign exchange gain of
RMB20 million (2023: net gain of RMB103 million) and fair value gain on structured bank deposits of RMB47 million (2023:
gain of RMB87 million).


Operating Expenses
Selling and distribution expenses for the year amounted to RMB8,662 million, a decrease of 5.2% compared to RMB9,141
million in 2023. During the year, the Group continued to expand the market coverage of each product and actively promote
the newly launched products, while strengthening control over expenses and enhancing efficiency of marketing activities.


Administrative expenses for the year amounted to RMB1,080 million, a decrease of 9.3% compared to RMB1,190 million in
2023. The decrease was mainly because the Group strengthened control over expenses.


R&D expenses for the year amounted to RMB5,191 million, an increase of 7.5% compared to RMB4,830 million in 2023.
The increase was primarily attributable to the increased spending on ongoing and newly initiated clinical trials.


Income tax expense
Income tax expenses for the year amounted to RMB1,240 million (2023: RMB1,317 million), which represented provision of
income tax expense based on the taxable income of each subsidiary and PRC withholding tax on dividend distributions by
certain subsidiaries. The effective tax rate, being the ratio of tax expenses to profit before tax for the year, was 22.2%.


Non-HKFRS Measure
For the purpose of assessing the performance of the Group, the Company has also presented the underlying profit
attributable to shareholders as an additional financial measure, which is not required by, or presented in accordance with
the Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”). The Group believes that this non-HKFRS financial measure better
reflects the underlying operational performance of the Group by eliminating certain non-operating items which the Group
does not consider indicative of the Group’s operational performance. However, the presentation of this non-HKFRS financial
measure is not intended to be a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance
with HKFRS.




                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024   31
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Additional information is provided below to reconcile the profit attributable to shareholders as reported and the underlying
     profit attributable to shareholders:


                                                                                                                    2024                2023
                                                                                                             (RMB’000)            (RMB’000)

     Profit attributable to shareholders                                                                       4,328,035          5,873,325
     Adjustment for:
     — Fair value loss on financial assets measured at FVTPL (note a)                                            151,936            210,712
     — Employee share-based compensation expenses (note b)                                                       210,454            235,092
     — Gain on deemed disposal of partial interests in an associate                                                     –            (32,861)
     — Effect of corresponding income tax                                                                          (7,516)           (11,015)

     Underlying profit attributable to shareholders                                                            4,682,909          6,275,253

     Notes:

     (a)      Fair value loss on financial assets measured at FVTPL arises from the measurement of the Group’s investments in certain
              partnerships, funds and listed equity securities at fair value.

     (b)      Of the total employee share-based compensation expenses recognised during the year, RMB198,319,000 (2023: RMB193,952,000)
              was in respect of share awards granted to selected employees of the Group by Key Honesty Limited (a shareholder of the Company).


     Liquidity and Financial Position
     In 2024, the Group’s operating activities generated a cash inflow of RMB4,535 million (2023: RMB4,179 million). Turnover
     days of trade receivables (ratio of balance of trade receivables to sales, inclusive of value added tax for sales in China) was
     62 days, slightly lower than 63 days in 2023. The Group will strengthen its control and management in this aspect. Turnover
     days of inventories (ratio of balance of inventories to cost of sales) was 132 days, higher than 124 days in 2023. Current ratio
     was 2.3 as at 31 December 2024, lower than the ratio of 2.6 in the previous year. Capital expenditure for the year amounted
     to RMB2,104 million, which was mainly used to construct production facilities and improve production efficiency.


     The Group’s financial position remained solid. As at 31 December 2024, the Group had bank deposits, balances and cash
     of RMB9,187 million (2023: RMB12,755 million), structured bank deposits of RMB1,307 million (2023: RMB1,077 million)
     and bank borrowings of RMB392 million (2023: RMB450 million). As at 31 December 2024, gearing ratio (ratio of bank
     borrowings to total equity) was 1.2% (2023: 1.3%).


     The Group’s sales are primarily denominated in Renminbi for domestic sales in China and US dollars for export sales. The
     Group effectively manages its foreign exchange risks by closely monitoring its foreign exchange exposures and mitigating the
     impact of foreign currency fluctuations through the use of appropriate hedging arrangements when considered necessary.


     Pledge of Assets
     As at 31 December 2024, bank deposits of RMB44 million have been pledged to secure short-term banking facilities.


     Contingent Liabilities
     The Group did not have any material contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2024.


     Employees
     The Group employed a total of approximately 21,400 employees as at 31 December 2024, with a majority of them employed
     in mainland China. The Group continues to offer competitive remuneration packages, discretionary share options, share
     awards and bonuses to eligible staff, based on the overall performance of the Group and the individual employees.

32   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report


Corporate Governance Practices
The Board believes that good corporate governance practices are essential to the sustainable development of the
Company and the enhancement of shareholders’ value. The Company is committed to achieving high standard of corporate
governance and will review its corporate governance practices from time to time to ensure they reflect the latest development
and meet the expectations of the investors.


The Company has complied with all the code provisions in the Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”) set out in Appendix
C1 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”)
throughout the year ended 31 December 2024.


Board of Directors
As at the date of this report, the Board comprises nine executive directors and six independent non-executive directors. Two
of the independent non-executive directors have the appropriate professional accounting qualification and experience. The
biographical details of the directors are set out on pages 48 to 51 of this annual report. Mr. Cai Dongchen is the father of Mr.
Cai Xin. Other than as disclosed above, there is no financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship between
Board members.


The Company has complied with Rule 3.10 of the Listing Rules in relation to the requirement of independent non- executive
directors. All independent non-executive directors meet the guidelines for assessing independence set out in Rule 3.13 of the
Listing Rules. The Company has received annual confirmation of independence from each of the independent non-executive
directors and they are considered to be independent.


Dr. Yao Bing, Mr. Cai Xin and Mr. Chen Weiping were appointed as executive directors during the year. Dr. Yao, Mr. Cai
and Mr. Chen have respectively obtained legal advice prior to their appointments in relation to the requirements, duties
and obligations under the Listing Rules that are applicable to them as a director of a listed company and the possible
consequences of making a false declaration or giving false information to the Stock Exchange on 21 May 2024, 21 May
2024 and 4 December 2024 from an external legal adviser qualified to advise on Hong Kong law pursuant to Rule 3.09D of
the Listing Rules. They have confirmed that they understood their obligations as a director of the Company.


The Board is responsible for establishing strategic directions, setting objectives and business plans, and overseeing
financial and operational performance. The management of the Company’s subsidiaries are responsible for the day-to-day
management and operation of the respective individual business units.


Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
The Chairman of the Board, Mr. Cai Dongchen, is responsible for providing leadership and guidance to the Board in formulating
and executing business plans and objectives, and overseeing the functioning of the Board. The CEO, Mr. Zhang Cuilong,
assisted by other executive directors, is responsible for managing the business of the Group, formulating and implementing
the business plans and objectives. Their functions have been clearly divided to ensure a balanced distribution of power and
authority.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024      33
     Corporate Governance Report



     Board, Board Committee and General Meetings
     The Board meets regularly to review the financial and operating performance of the Group. Four regular Board meetings
     were held at approximately quarterly interval in 2024.


     Attendance record of directors in 2024 is as follows:


                                                                                            Audit     Remuneration      Nomination
     Directors                                                 AGM          Board       Committee       Committee       Committee

     Number of Meetings                                              1           4                4               3               3

     Executive Directors
     Cai Dongchen                                                   1/1        4/4                                               3/3
     Zhang Cuilong                                                  1/1        4/4
     Wang Zhenguo                                                   1/1        4/4
     Pan Weidong                                                    0/1        4/4
     Wang Huaiyu                                                    1/1        4/4
     Li Chunlei                                                     1/1        4/4
     Yao Bing1                                                      0/0        2/2
     Cai Xin1                                                       0/0        2/2
     Chen Weiping2                                                  0/0        0/0
     Wang Qingxi3                                                   0/1        2/2
     Chak Kin Man3                                                  1/1        2/2
     Jiang Hao4                                                     1/1        4/4

     Independent Non-Executive Directors
     Wang Bo                                                        0/1        3/4              4/4             3/3              3/3
     Chen Chuan                                                     1/1        4/4              4/4             3/3              3/3
     Wang Hongguang                                                 1/1        4/4
     Au Chun Kwok Alan                                              1/1        4/4              4/4             3/3
     Law Cheuk Kin Stephen                                          1/1        4/4
     Li Quan                                                        0/1        4/4

     1
           Appointed as an executive director on 29 May 2024.
     2
           Appointed as an executive director on 6 December 2024.
     3
           Retired as an executive director on 28 May 2024.
     4
           Resigned as an executive director on 6 December 2024.


     Non-Executive Directors
     Each of the independent non-executive directors has entered into a service contract with the Company subject to the
     requirement that one-third of all the directors shall retire from office by rotation at each annual general meeting pursuant to
     the Articles of Association of the Company.


     Board Diversity Policy
     The Company has adopted a board diversity policy which sets out the approach to achieve and maintain diversity on the
     Board in order to enhance the effectiveness of the Board. Pursuant to the policy, the Company seeks to achieve Board
     diversity through the consideration of a number of factors, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and education
     background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service.




34   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report



The Board consists of a diverse mix of members in terms of age, gender, skills, expertise and professional experience.
Currently, the Board has 14 male members and 1 female member. The Company is committed to improving the diversity of
the Board based on its needs and as and when suitable candidates are identified.


As of 31 December 2024, the Group has 21,379 employees in total comprising 10,285 females and 11,094 males (a female-
to-male ratio of 0.93), reflecting a gender equality principle generally adhered by the Company.


During the year under review, the Nomination Committee has considered and reviewed the board diversity policy and
considered that the policy is suitable and effective.


Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee comprises three independent non-executive directors, namely Mr. Au Chun Kwok Alan
(Chairman), Mr. Wang Bo and Mr. Chen Chuan.


The responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee include, but not limited to, making recommendations to the Board on
(i) the policy and structure for the remuneration of directors and senior management; (ii) the establishment of a formal and
transparent procedure for developing remuneration policy; (iii) the remuneration packages of individual executive directors
and senior management having regard to the individual performance and responsibilities, the Company’s operating results,
return to shareholders and comparable market statistics; (iv) the remuneration of non-executive directors; and (v) reviewing
and/or approving matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. By providing remuneration
at competitive market level, the Company seeks to attract, motivate and retain key executives essential to its future
development and growth.


The Remuneration Committee held three meetings in 2024 to consider and make recommendations to the Board on the
existing policy and structure for the remuneration of directors and senior management, the remuneration packages of
existing and new directors.


The Group’s business is under the direct responsibility of the executive directors who are the senior management of the
Company. Details of the amount of directors’ emoluments for the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in note 9 to the
consolidated financial statements.


Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee comprises a majority of independent non-executive directors. Its current members include Mr.
Cai Dongchen (Chairman), Mr. Wang Bo and Mr. Chen Chuan.


The responsibilities of the Nomination Committee include, but not limited to, (i) reviewing the structure, size, and composition
(including the skills, knowledge, experience and diversity profile) of the Board and making recommendations on any
proposed changes to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategy; (ii) identifying suitable director candidates
and selecting or making recommendation to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships; (iii)
assessing the independence of independent non-executive directors; and (iv) reviewing the nomination policy and board
diversity policy of the Company periodically and make recommendation on any proposed revisions to the Board.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024      35
     Corporate Governance Report



     The Company has adopted a nomination policy which sets out the selection criteria (including but not limited to work
     experience, cultural and education background, reputation, professional experience, length of service, gender and age of the
     candidate) and nomination process of directors.


     The Nomination Committee held three meetings in 2024 to review the structure, size and composition of the Board, assess
     the independence of independent non-executive directors, make recommendations on the re-appointment of directors at the
     annual general meeting, nominate the appointment of three new directors to the Board in accordance with the procedures in
     the nomination policy as mentioned above and review the implementation and effectiveness of the board diversity policy.


     Audit Committee
     The Audit Committee comprises three independent non-executive directors, namely Mr. Au Chun Kwok Alan (Chairman), Mr.
     Wang Bo and Mr. Chen Chuan.


     The responsibilities of the Audit Committee include, but not limited to, (i) assisting the Board in providing an independent
     review of the effectiveness of the financial reporting process, risk management and internal control systems of the Group;
     (ii) overseeing the audit process; (iii) reviewing the completeness, accuracy, clarity and fairness of the Company’s financial
     statements; (iv) reviewing and monitoring connected transactions; (v) making recommendations to the Board on the
     appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external auditor; (vi) approving the remuneration and terms of engagement
     of the external auditor; and (vii) assessing the independence and objectivity of the external auditor.


     The Audit Committee held four meetings in 2024 and performed the duties summarised below:


     •     review and make recommendations to the Board for the approval of the quarterly, interim and annual financial
           statements of the Group;
     •     review the connected transactions and continuing connected transactions of the Group;
     •     assess the performance of the external auditor and approve its remuneration;
     •     assess the independence and objectivity of the external auditor; and
     •     review the effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems of the Group.


     Directors’ Securities Transactions
     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”)
     set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules. In response to specific enquiries made, all directors confirmed that they have
     complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code throughout the year ended 31 December 2024.


     Directors’ Continuous Professional Development
     All directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge
     and skills. All directors have been updated on the latest developments regarding the Listing Rules and other applicable
     regulatory requirements to ensure compliance and enhance their awareness of good corporate governance practices.




36   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report



Details of the participation in continuous professional development of the existing directors in 2024 are summarised in the
table below:


                                                                             Attending
                                                                          training course/             Reading materials
                                                                      seminar/forum relating to      relating to the Group’s
                                                                       the Group’s business or            business or
                                                                          directors’ duties             directors’ duties

Executive Directors
Cai Dongchen
Zhang Cuilong
Wang Zhenguo
Pan Weidong
Wang Huaiyu
Li Chunlei
Yao Bing
Cai Xin
Chen Weiping


Independent Non-Executive Directors
Wang Bo
Chen Chuan
Wang Hongguang
Au Chun Kwok Alan
Law Cheuk Kin Stephen
Li Quan


Mechanism on Independent Views to the Board
The Board has adopted effective mechanism to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board. Subject to
approval of the Chairman of the Board, directors may seek, at the Company’s expense, independent legal, financial or other
professional advice from advisors independent to those advising the Company as and when necessary to enable them to
discharge their responsibilities effectively. The Board will review the implementation and effectiveness of such mechanism on
an annual basis.


The Board has reviewed the validity of implementation of such mechanism during the year and considered that such
mechanism is effective.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024      37
     Corporate Governance Report



     Risk Management and Internal Controls
     The Board has overall responsibility for overseeing the Group’s risk management and internal control systems, and reviewing
     their effectiveness. Such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business
     objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.


     Effective risk management is the key to sustainable business success. As a major pharmaceutical group based in mainland
     China, the Group faces a diverse range of risks and uncertainties that could have a materially adverse impact on the business
     or results of operations. The Group’s approach to risk management is therefore an ongoing process of identification,
     evaluation and management of the principal risks affecting the business.


     Risk Management Framework
     1.    Each business unit is responsible for identifying, assessing and managing risks within its business, ensuring that
           appropriate internal controls for effective risk management are implemented — principal risks are identified and
           assessed in the yearly business planning process with action plans to manage those risks;


     2.    The management is responsible for overseeing the risk management and internal control activities of the Group —
           regular meetings with each business unit to ensure principal risks are properly managed, and new or changing risks
           are identified;


     3.    The Board is responsible for reviewing and approving the effectiveness and adequacy of the Group’s risk management
           and internal control systems — review of the annual review report and consideration of the Audit Committee’s
           recommendation.


     The risk management framework, coupled with our internal controls, ensures that the risks associated with our different
     business units are effectively controlled in line with the Group’s risk appetite.


     Internal Control System
     The internal control system of the Group is designed to facilitate effective and efficient operations, ensure the maintenance of
     proper accounting records, ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, identify and manage potential risks and
     safeguard assets of the Group. The management is responsible for the design, implementation and maintenance of internal
     controls, while the Audit Committee and the Board review the effectiveness of the Group’s systems of internal controls and
     risk management through the assistance of the internal audit function.


     During 2024, the Group’s internal audit function (undertaken by the Internal Audit Department, and Supervision and Security
     Department) has conducted an annual review of the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems of the
     Group, covering all material financial, operational and compliance controls, and risk management. In addition, the review has
     considered the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programs and budget of the accounting,
     internal audit and financial reporting functions. The review report was submitted to the Audit Committee and the Board for
     their review.




38   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report



Apart from review of the annual review report submitted by the internal audit function, the Audit Committee also had
regular meetings with the external auditor and reviewed the reports provided by the external auditor of any control issues
or findings identified in the course of their work. The Audit Committee has also requested the management to follow up
the recommendations given by the external auditor to remedy the control issues identified or to further improve the internal
control systems.


The Board formed its own view on the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems based on the
review of the annual review report and the recommendation of the Audit Committee.


In respect of the year ended 31 December 2024, the Board considered the risk management and internal control systems
of the Group effective and adequate. No significant areas of concern that may affect the financial, operational, compliance
controls, and risk management of the Group have been identified. The Board also considered the resources, qualification
and experience, training programs and budget of the Group’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions
adequate. Nevertheless, the Group would take further steps to continually improve its risk management and internal control
systems.


Anti-corruption Policy and Whistleblowing Policy
The Company has adopted an anti-corruption policy to govern the acceptance of advantages by employees and a
whistleblowing policy to provide guidance to employees and external stakeholders to report concerns about any suspected
or actual improprieties relating to the Group.


Dissemination of Inside Information
The Company is committed to a consistent practice of timely, accurate and sufficiently detailed disclosure of material
information about the Group. The Company has adopted a Policy on Disclosure of Inside Information which sets out the
obligations, guidelines and procedures for handling and dissemination of inside information. With those guidelines and
procedures, the Group has management controls in place to ensure that potential inside information can be promptly
identified, assessed and escalated for the attention of the Board to decide about the need for disclosure.


Corporate Governance Functions
The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance duties as set out below:


•     develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance including shareholders’
      communication policy, dividend policy, board diversity policy and mechanism on independent views to the Board, and
      make recommendations;
•     review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of directors and senior management;
•     review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;
•     develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and
      directors; and
•     review the Company’s compliance with the Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report under Appendix
      C1 to the Listing Rules.


The Board has performed the above duties during the year.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024    39
     Corporate Governance Report



     External Auditor
     The Company has engaged Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as its external auditor. The remuneration for audit and non-audit
     services provided by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu to the Group in 2024 are as follows:


     Nature of services                                                                                                     RMB’000

     Audit and assurance services                                                                                              6,936
     Tax advisory and compliance                                                                                                 525

     Total                                                                                                                     7,461


     The remuneration of the external auditor for audit and non-audit services has been reviewed by the Audit Committee to
     ensure the independence of the external auditor. During the year, the Audit Committee has received confirmation from and
     discussed with Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu on its independence. Deloittee Touche Tohmatsu has adopted a seven-year
     rotation policy regarding engagement partner. As the current engagement partner has served on the audit of the Company
     since 2021, a new engagement partner will be assigned to the Company in 2028.


     Financial Reporting
     The Directors’ responsibilities for the financial statements and the responsibilities of the external auditor are set out on page
     61 of this annual report.


     There are no material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the Company’s
     ability to continue as a going concern.


     Company Secretary
     Mr. Lo Tai On, the Company Secretary, is a member of The Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He is a
     director of Fair Wind Secretarial Services Limited, a company rendering secretarial services, and is not a full-time employee
     of the Company. He reports to the Board and the primary contact person of the Company with Mr. Lo is Mr. Choi Chung
     Yin, a senior finance manager of the Company. During 2024, Mr. Lo has confirmed that he has taken no less than 15 hours
     of relevant professional training.


     Communication with Shareholders
     The objective of communication with shareholders is to provide them with detailed information about the Company so that
     they can exercise their rights as shareholders in an informed manner. The Company uses a range of communication tools to
     ensure its shareholders and investors are kept well informed of key business imperatives. These include general meetings,
     interim and annual reports, announcements and circulars.


     The Company also actively attends different forms of investors’ communication activities, including meetings with investors,
     telephone conferences, activities organized by sell side institutions and non-deal roadshows, with the aim of enhancing
     corporate transparency so that investors can have a better understanding of the business model and latest development
     strategy of the Group. During 2024, management of the Company has attended around 200 one-on-one and group
     meetings.




40   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report



In addition, the Company maintains a website at www.cspc.com.hk as a communication platform with shareholders and
investors, where the Group’s business developments and operations, financial information, corporate governance practices
and other key information are available for public access.


In order to enable shareholders and investors to exercise their rights in an informed manner and to allow them to engage
actively with the Company, a shareholders’ communication policy of the Company has been established. Shareholders and
investors may at any time send their enquiries and concerns to the Company via the Company’s website. Shareholders may
also make enquiries with the Board at the general meetings of the Company.


The Board has reviewed the validity of implementation of the shareholders’ communication policy during the year and
considered that it remained effective in enhancing timely, transparent, accurate and open communication between the
Company and the shareholders.


General Meeting on Requisition by Shareholders
Pursuant to Sections 566-568 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), shareholder(s)
representing at least 5% of the total voting rights of all shareholders having a right to vote at general meetings can make
a request to call a general meeting. The request, which may be sent in hard copy form or electronic form, must state the
general nature of the business to be dealt with at the meeting and must be authenticated by the person or persons making
it. The request may consist of several documents in like form and may include the text of a resolution that may properly be
moved and is intended to be moved at the meeting.


The directors must call a general meeting within 21 days after the date on which they become subject to the requirement,
and the meeting so called must be held on a date not more than 28 days after the date of the notice convening the meeting.
If the directors do not do so, the shareholders who requested the meeting, or any of them representing more than one half
of the total voting rights of all of them, may themselves call a general meeting, but the meeting must be called for a date
not more than 3 months after the date on which the directors become subject to the requirement to call a meeting. The
Company must reimburse any reasonable expenses incurred by the shareholders requesting the meeting by reason of the
failure of the directors duly to call the meeting.


Procedures for Putting Forward Proposal at Annual General Meeting (“AGM”)
Pursuant to Section 615 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), shareholders may make a
request to circulate a resolution at an AGM if they represent at least 2.5% of the total voting rights of all shareholders having
a right to vote on the resolution at the AGM to which the request relates; or are at least 50 shareholders having a right to
vote on the resolution at the AGM to which the request relates.


The request, which may be sent in hard copy form or electronic form, must (i) identify the resolution of which notice is to be
given; (ii) be authenticated by the person or persons making it; and (iii) be received by the Company not later than 6 weeks
before the AGM to which the request relates or if later, the time at which notice is given of that AGM.


Procedures for Nominating a Person for Election as a Director
The procedures for shareholders to nominate a person for election as a director have been published on the Company’s
website.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024      41
     Corporate Governance Report



     2024 General Meeting
     At the annual general meeting held in 2024, separate resolutions were proposed by the chairman in respect of each separate
     issue, including re-election of directors. All the resolutions were voted by way of poll, and the results of the poll were
     announced in the manner prescribed under the Listing Rules. Mr. Cai Dongchen (chairman of the Board and Nomination
     Committee) and Mr. Au Chun Kwok Alan (chairman of the Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee) have attended
     the annual general meeting to ensure effective communication with shareholders.


     Constitutional Documents
     There was no change in the Company’s constitutional documents during 2024.




42   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Directors’ Report


The board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) is pleased to present this annual report and the audited consolidated
financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) for the year ended 31
December 2024.


Principal Activities
The Company acts as an investment holding company. The principal activities of its principal subsidiaries are set out in note
43 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.


Business Review
Overview
A fair review of the business of the Group, a discussion and analysis of the Group’s performance, an indication of likely
future development in the Group’s business and particulars of important events affecting the Group that have occurred since
the end of the financial year are provided in the sections of this annual report headed Chairman’s Statement, Management
Discussion and Analysis, and in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


Principal risks and uncertainties
The Group faces certain risks and uncertainties which may affect its results and operations, some of which are inherent to
pharmaceutical sector and beyond its control. These risks and uncertainties include, but not limited to, the followings:


(i)     Drug approval process
        The actual timing of market launch of our products under development could vary significantly from our estimates
        due to a number of factors including delays or failures in our pre-clinical studies or clinical trials, the lengthy approval
        process and the uncertainties of the outcome. Any delay or failure in the process could adversely affect the timing of
        market launch of our products. The Group is committed to investing in research and development of new drugs to
        ensure a rich product pipeline.


(ii)    Results of volume-based drug procurements
        Our sales and profitability partly depend on our ability to win in volume-based drug procurements for our products
        at a desirable price in China. We may fail to win due to various factors, including uncompetitive bidding price. If our
        products fail to win or the new prices are significantly cut, the market share, sales and profitability of the products
        concerned could be adversely impacted. We have a team of staff handling volume-based drug procurements of our
        products. The Group is also committed to investing in research and development of new drugs to expand and diversify
        our product portfolio.


(iii)   Compliance with certain PRC environmental and safety regulations
        We are subject to the PRC laws, rules and regulations concerning environmental and safety protection. Any violation
        of these laws, rules or regulations may result in substantial fines, criminal sanctions, revocations of operating permits
        or shutdown of production facilities. We have established a designated department to inspect and monitor the
        environmental performance of the Group. The department will make recommendations to correct environmental issues
        identified and improve the environmental performance of the Group.




                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024       43
     Directors’ Report



     (iv)   Exclusion of products from drug reimbursement list
            Under the PRC medical insurance scheme, patients can obtain reimbursement of all or a portion of the cost of drugs
            listed in the National Reimbursement Drug List (the “NRDL”). The NRDL is reviewed and updated from time to time.
            There is no assurance that our products will be or continue to be listed in the NRDL. The removal of any of our
            products from the NRDL may have an adverse impact on the sales of the products concerned. In addition, product
            prices may have to be cut in order to be listed in the NRDL.


     (v)    Illegal practice of employees or third-party distributors
            The Group prohibits our employees and third-party distributors from engaging in corruption practices to influence the
            procurement decision of hospitals. However, we may not be able to effectively ensure that every employee or third-
            party distributor complies at all times with our policies. If such illegal practices or improper conduct occur, this may
            harm our reputation or expose us to regulatory investigations and potential punishment. The employee handbook and
            sales contracts entered into with third-party distributors contain specific rules to prohibit illegal practices in order to
            prevent misconduct from occurring.


     (vi)   Side effects of products
            Our products may cause severe side effects due to a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control.
            These factors include potential side effects not revealed in clinical studies, unusual but severe side effects in isolated
            cases, defective products not detected by our quality management system or misuse of our products by our
            customers. In addition, our products may be perceived to cause severe side effects if products of other companies
            containing the same or similar active pharmaceutical ingredients, raw materials or delivery technologies as our products
            cause or are perceived to have caused severe side effects. If our products cause or are perceived to cause severe side
            effects, our sales and profitability could be adversely affected. We have adopted a product recall procedure to ensure
            that our products could be quickly recalled in case of safety or quality concerns.


     (vii) Product liability
            Claims for product liability and product recalls may arise if any of our products are deemed or proven to be unsafe,
            ineffective, defective or contaminated, or if we are alleged to have engaged in practices such as insufficient or improper
            labelling of products or providing inadequate warnings or insufficient or misleading disclosures of side effects. If we
            are not able to successfully defend such claims, we may be subject to civil liability for damages or criminal liability.
            Product liability claims may attract negative publicity which may adversely affect our reputation and business. We are
            committed to maintaining a high technical and quality standard to ensure that the products meet the requirements in
            all aspects.




44   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Directors’ Report



Key Relationships
(i)     Employees
        Human resources are one of the greatest assets of the Group and the Group regards the personal development of its
        employees as highly important. The Group wants to continue to be an attractive employer for committed employees.


        The Group strives to motivate its employees with a clear career path and opportunities for advancement and
        improvement of their skills. The Group provides on-the-job training and development opportunities to our staff
        members. In addition, the Group offers competitive remuneration packages to our employees. The Group has also
        adopted share option scheme and share award scheme to recognise and reward the contribution of the employees for
        the Group’s operations and future development.


(ii)    Suppliers
        We have developed long-standing relationships with a number of suppliers and take great care to ensure that they
        share our commitment to quality and ethics. We carefully select our suppliers and require them to satisfy certain
        assessment criteria including track record, experience, financial strength, reputation, ability to produce high-quality
        products and quality control effectiveness.


(iii)   Distributors
        We sell our finished drug products mainly to distributors which will sell the products to end-user customers. We work
        closely with the distributors to ensure that we share the view for upholding our brand value and customer services.


(iv)    Hospitals
        We are committed to offer a broad and diverse range of good-quality products to hospitals. We also stay connected
        and maintain a close relationship with the hospitals by maintaining a database and have ongoing communications with
        them through various channels such as visits, marketing materials and meetings.


Environmental policies
We are subject to certain PRC laws, rules and regulations concerning environmental protection, including those in relation
to the discharge of gaseous waste, liquid waste and solid waste and noise pollution during our manufacturing processes.
The Group attaches importance to compliance with the relevant environmental laws and regulations. We have established
designated departments to inspect and monitor the environmental performance of the Group. In addition, the departments
will make recommendations to remedy the environmental issues identified and improve the environmental performance of
the Group. Discussions on the Group’s environmental policies and performance are set out in the ESG Report which will be
published separately.


Compliance with laws and regulations
The Group’s operations are mainly carried out by the Company’s subsidiaries established in the mainland China and the
U.S. while the Company itself is incorporated in Hong Kong with its shares listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited. In addition, the shares of a subsidiary of the Company are listed on the ChiNext of Shenzhen Stock Exchange. Our
establishment and operations accordingly shall comply with relevant laws and regulations in the mainland China, the U.S.
and Hong Kong. During the year ended 31 December 2024 and up to the date of this report, we have complied with all the
relevant laws and regulations in the mainland China, the U.S. and Hong Kong that have a significant impact on the Group.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024     45
     Directors’ Report



     Results and Appropriations
     The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out on page 64 of this annual report.


     The Board recommends a final dividend of HK10 cents per share which, together with the interim dividend of HK16 cents
     paid on 20 November 2024, makes a total of HK26 cents per share in respect of the year ended 31 December 2024.
     Subject to the approval of the shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting, the proposed final dividend will be
     paid on 18 July 2025 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members on 9 June 2025.


     Distributable Reserves of the Company
     The Company’s reserves available for distribution to shareholders as at 31 December 2024 amounted to RMB1,927,301,000.


     Major Customers and Suppliers
     The aggregate sales and purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest customers and suppliers were less than 30% of
     the Group’s total revenue and purchases for the year, respectively.


     Donations
     During the year, the Group made donations for charitable purposes of RMB78,280,000.


     Fixed Assets
     During the year, the Group continued to expand its business and acquired buildings, plant and equipment of
     RMB2,104,017,000. Details of the movements in fixed assets of the Group during the year are set out in note 13 to the
     consolidated financial statements.


     Share Capital
     Details of the movements in the share capital of the Company are set out in note 35 to the consolidated financial statements.


     Five-Year Financial Summary
     A summary of the Group’s results, assets and liabilities for the last five financial years is set out on page 140 of this annual
     report.


     Equity-Linked Agreements
     Save for the long-term incentive program of the Group, no equity-linked agreement was entered into during the year or
     subsisted at the end of the year.


     Permitted Indemnity
     The Articles of Association of the Company provides that every director shall be indemnified out of the assets of the
     Company against any losses or liability (to the extent permitted by the Companies Ordinance) which he/she may sustain or
     incur in or about the execution of the duties of his/her office. The Directors and Officers Liability Insurance undertaken by the
     Company provides such indemnities to all the directors of the Company and its subsidiaries.




46   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Directors’ Report



Directors
The directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this report were:


Executive directors:
Cai Dongchen (Chairman)
Zhang Cuilong (Vice-Chairman and CEO)
Wang Zhenguo
Pan Weidong
Wang Huaiyu
Li Chunlei
Yao Bing (appointed on 29 May 2024)
Cai Xin (appointed on 29 May 2024)
Chen Weiping (appointed on 6 December 2024)
Wang Qingxi (retired on 28 May 2024)
Chak Kin Man (retired on 28 May 2024)
Jiang Hao (resigned on 6 December 2024)


Independent non-executive directors:
Wang Bo
Chen Chuan
Wang Hongguang
Au Chun Kwok Alan
Law Cheuk Kin Stephen
Li Quan


Dr. Wang Qingxi retired as an executive director due to work reassignment, Mr. Chak Kin Man retired as an executive
director due to his desire to devote more time to his personal engagements, and Dr. Jiang Hao resigned as an executive
director due to work reassignment.


Dr. Yao Bing, Mr. Cai Xin and Mr. Chen Weiping were appointed as additional directors of the Company by the Board after
the annual general meeting of the Company held on 28 May 2024. In accordance with Article 92 of the Company’s Articles
of Association, they shall retire at the forthcoming annual general meeting and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.


In accordance with Article 101 of the Company’s Articles of Association, Mr. Wang Zhenguo, Mr. Pan Weidong,
Mr. Wang Huaiyu, Mr. Wang Bo and Mr. Chen Chuan shall retire by rotation at the forthcoming annual general meeting and,
being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.


None of the directors who are proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service contract not
terminable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).


The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive directors an annual confirmation of independence
pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, and considers all the independent non-executive directors to be independent.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024       47
     Directors’ Report



     Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management
     CAI Dongchen
     Mr. Cai, aged 71, Chairman of the Company, has been an executive director of the Company since April 1997. Mr. Cai is
     also the chairman of the Nomination Committee and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Cai holds an MBA
     degree from Nankai University and has extensive technical and management experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Mr.
     Cai is the father of Mr. Cai Xin, an executive director of the Company.


     Mr. Cai is a substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance
     (“SFO”). Mr. Cai is also a director of True Ally Holdings Limited and Massive Giant Group Limited, both are substantial
     shareholders of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.


     ZHANG Cuilong
     Mr. Zhang, aged 56, Vice-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, has been an executive director of the
     Company since July 2018. Mr. Zhang is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Zhang holds a Bachelor’s
     degree in Pharmacology from Hebei Medical College (now known as Hebei Medical University) and has extensive technical,
     marketing and management experience in the pharmaceutical industry.


     WANG Zhenguo
     Mr. Wang, aged 55, has been an executive director of the Company since January 2012. Mr. Wang is also an executive
     president of the Group and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Wang holds a Bachelor’s degree in
     Chemistry from Nankai University and has extensive technical, marketing and management experience in the pharmaceutical
     industry.


     PAN Weidong
     Mr. Pan, aged 55, has been an executive director of the Company since October 2006. Mr. Pan is also an executive
     president of the Group and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Pan holds an EMBA degree from Tsinghua
     University and has extensive finance, accounting and investment experience in the pharmaceutical industry.


     Mr. Pan is a director of Common Success International Limited, a substantial shareholder of the Company within the
     meaning of Part XV of the SFO.


     WANG Huaiyu
     Mr. Wang, aged 61, has been an executive director of the Company since October 2010. Mr. Wang is also an executive
     president of the Group and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Wang holds a Bachelor’s degree in
     Microbiology and Biochemistry from Hebei University and has extensive technical and management experience in the
     pharmaceutical industry.


     LI Chunlei
     Dr. Li, aged 48, has been an executive director of the Company since December 2017. Dr. Li is currently the Chief Scientist
     of the Group in charge of research and development. Dr. Li is also an executive president of the Group, the general manager
     of certain subsidiaries of the Company, a deputy director of the Novel Pharmaceutical Preparations and Excipients State
     Key Laboratory and a director of the Hebei Pharmaceutical Engineering Technology Centre. Dr. Li holds a Bachelor’s degree
     in Engineering (Biological Pharmaceutics) from Jilin University and Shenyang Pharmaceutical University, a Master’s degree
     in Science (Microbial and Biochemical Pharmaceutics) from Jilin University and a Doctorate in Science (Pharmaceutical
     Science) from Shenyang Pharmaceutical University.




48   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Directors’ Report



YAO Bing
Dr. Yao, aged 47, was appointed as an executive director of the Company in May 2024. Dr. Yao is also a director and the
general manager of CSPC Innovation Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company listed on the Shenzhen Stock
Exchange, and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Dr. Yao joined the Group in 2002 and has held various
roles in management and research and development. Dr. Yao holds a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering (Biochemical
Engineering), a Master’s degree in Engineering (Biochemical Engineering) and a Doctorate in Engineering (Chemical
Engineering and Technology) from Nanjing Tech University, and a Master’s degree in Engineering (Project Management
Engineering) from Peking University.


CAI Xin
Mr. Cai, aged 33, was appointed as an executive director of the Company in May 2024. Mr. Cai is also an executive
president of the Group and the president of the Group’s Marketing Strategy Division. Prior to joining the Group in 2022,
Mr. Cai served as an analyst at CDH Investments. Mr. Cai holds a Bachelor’s degree in Science (Pharmacy) from Purdue
University and a Master’s degree in Business Administration from the University of New South Wales.


Mr. Cai is the son of Mr. Cai Dongchen, Chairman, executive director and a substantial shareholder of the Company within
the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.


CHEN Weiping
Mr. Chen, aged 45, was appointed as an executive director of the Company in December 2024. He is also an executive
president of the Group and the general manager of the Group’s Operation Management Centre. Mr. Chen joined the Group
in 2004 and has held various roles in management and production operation. Mr. Chen holds a Bachelor’s degree in
Engineering (Environmental Engineering) from Hebei University of Science and Technology, and is also a senior engineer and
a national registered safety engineer.


WANG Bo
Mr. Wang, aged 64, has been as an independent non-executive director of the Company since December 2012. He is
also a member of the Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee of the Company. Mr. Wang
is currently the CEO of Beijing CHNMED Pharmaceutical Technology Development Co., Ltd and the managing director of
Beijing CHNMED Pharmaceutical Consulting Co., Ltd. Mr. Wang graduated from Beijing Institute of Iron and Steel and has
extensive experience in pharmaceutical policy research and consulting. Mr. Wang is currently a distinguished researcher of
the Research Center of National Drug Policy & Ecosystem.


Mr. Wang is also an independent director of Youcare Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. and Hainan Huluwa Pharmaceutical
Group Co., Ltd. (appointed on 27 November 2024), both companies are listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024     49
     Directors’ Report



     CHEN Chuan
     Mr. Chen, aged 61, has been as an independent non-executive director of the Company since June 2016. He is also a
     member of the Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee of the Company. Mr. Chen holds a
     Bachelor’s degree in Medicine from Norman Bethune University of Medical Science and a Master’s degree in Science from
     Albert Einstein College of Medicine at Yeshiva University.


     WANG Hongguang
     Prof. Wang, aged 62, has been as an independent non-executive director of the Company since January 2021. Prof.
     Wang is currently Dean of the Institute of Chinese People’s Life Safety, West China Hospital of Sichuan University, and
     an adjunct professor of Tianjin University and China Pharmaceutical University. He is a retired professor of the Institute
     of Multidisciplinary Biomedical Research of Tsinghua University (National Institute of Biological Sciences, Beijing), and
     has previously served as a director of the Center of Biotechnology Development of China of the Ministry of Science and
     Technology and an executive director of Peking University’s China Center for Strategic Studies. Prof. Wang has long been
     engaged in the research on technology and economic strategy, and has conducted in-depth research on domestic and
     foreign biotechnology development and industry policies. He is the founder of “Disparity Economics” and has published 21
     books including Bio-economic of China and more than 110 theses. Prof. Wang holds a Bachelor’s degree in Agriculture
     from Gansu Agricultural University, a Master’s degree in Agriculture and a Doctorate in Agriculture from China Agricultural
     University.


     Prof. Wang is also an independent non-executive director of Shanghai Fudan-Zhangjiang Bio-pharmaceutical Co., Ltd (listed
     on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and Shanghai Stock Exchange). He retired as an independent director of
     Beijing Tiantan Biological Products Corporation Limited (listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange) in May 2023.


     AU Chun Kwok Alan
     Mr. Au, aged 52, has been an independent non-executive director of the Company since January 2021. He is also the
     chairman of the Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee of the Company. Mr. Au is the founder and managing
     director of GT Healthcare Group, a private equity platform focusing on cross border healthcare investments. Prior to that,
     Mr. Au served as the head of the Asia Healthcare Investment Banking of Deutsche Bank Group, advising healthcare IPO and
     M&A in the region, an executive director at JAFCO Asia Investment Group, responsible for healthcare investments in China,
     and an investment director of Morningside Group in charge of healthcare investments in Asia. Mr. Au received a Bachelor’s
     degree in Psychology from Chinese University of Hong Kong and a Master’s degree in Management from Columbia Business
     School in New York. Mr. Au is a certified public accountant (CPA) in the U.S. and a chartered financial analyst (CFA), and an
     associate member of the Hong Kong Institute of Financial Analysts and member of the American Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants.


     Mr. Au is also an independent director of I-Mab Biopharma Co., Ltd. (listed on Nasdaq).




50   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Directors’ Report



Law Cheuk Kin Stephen, JP
Mr. Law, aged 62, has been an independent non-executive director of the Company since March 2021. Mr. Law is currently
the managing director of ANS Capital Limited. He previously served as the finance director and a member of the Executive
Directorate of MTR Corporation Limited, the CFO of Guoco Group Limited, Hong Kong and managing director of TPG
Growth Capital (Asia) Limited, and held various senior positions in the Morningside Group and Wheelock Group. He is also
a member of the board of directors of SOW (Asia) Foundation, the vice-president of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants, a board member of Hong Kong Cyberport Management Company Limited (effective 1 April 2025) and a
member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. Mr. Law holds a Bachelor’s degree in Science (Civil
Engineering) from the University of Birmingham, the United Kingdom and a Master’s degree in Business Administration from
the University of Hull, the United Kingdom.


Mr. Law is a member of the 14th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference of the
People’s Republic of China. He has also been appointed by the Ministry of Finance of the People’s Republic of China as an
expert advisor.


Mr. Law is also an independent non-executive director of China Everbright Limited, Somerley Capital Holdings Limited, China
Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd., Keymed Biosciences Inc. and XtalPi Holdings Limited (appointed on 28 May 2024), all of which
are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.


LI Quan
Ms. Li, aged 44, has been an independent non-executive director of the Company since November 2022. Ms. Li has over
ten years of experience in investment management. She is currently the Operating Partner of CDH Investments Management
(Hong Kong) Limited. Ms. Li holds a Bachelor of Cell Biology & Genetics and Economics double degree from Peking
University, and a Master of Science degree from National University of Singapore School of Computing.

Note: The Group’s businesses are under the direct responsibility of the above executive directors who are the senior management of the
      Company.


Directors of Subsidiaries
The list of directors of the Company’s subsidiaries (other than those listed as directors of the Company) is kept at the
registered office of the Company and available for inspection by shareholders of the Company during office hours.


Directors’ Interests in Transactions, Arrangements or Contracts of Significance
Details of the continuing connected transactions of the Group during the year are set out in the section headed Continuing
Connected Transactions.


Other than as disclosed above, no transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which the Company or any of
its subsidiaries was a party and in which a director of the Company or his connected entities had a material interest, whether
directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.




                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024       51
     Directors’ Report



     Directors’ Interests in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures
     As at 31 December 2024, the interests and short positions of the directors and their associates in the shares, underlying
     shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as
     recorded in the register maintained by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company
     and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
     Listed Issuers, were as follows:


     Long Positions


                                                                                                                         Total
                                                                                                                     interests     Approximate %
                                                                                            Number of              in shares/         of the issued
                                                                      Number of             underlying             underlying             shares of
     Name of director             Capacity                           shares held          shares held                  shares        the Company

     Cai Dongchen                 Beneficial owner                   245,948,960             9,000,000 (2)      2,855,817,670               24.54%
                                  Interest of controlled           2,600,868,710    (1)
                                                                                                      –
                                    corporation
     Zhang Cuilong                Beneficial owner                     5,000,000             4,000,000 (2)          9,000,000                0.08%
     Pan Weidong                  Beneficial owner                     1,500,000             1,500,000 (2)          3,000,000                0.03%
     Wang Zhenguo                 Beneficial owner                     1,500,000             1,500,000    (2)
                                                                                                                    3,000,000                0.03%
     Wang Huaiyu                  Beneficial owner                     1,500,000             1,500,000 (2)          3,000,000                0.03%
     Li Chunlei                   Beneficial owner                     1,500,000             4,500,000    (2)
                                                                                                                    6,000,000                0.05%
     Yao Bing                     Beneficial owner                              –            1,500,000 (3)          1,500,000                0.01%
     Chen Weiping                 Beneficial owner                        20,000               500,000    (3)
                                                                                                                      520,000               0.004%

     Notes:

     (1)      Mr. Cai Dongchen is deemed to be interested in 2,600,868,710 shares, comprising (i) 406,904,640 shares directly held by Key
              Honesty Limited, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of True Ally Holdings Limited (“True Ally”), (ii) 1,218,834,470 shares directly held
              by Massive Giant Group Limited, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of True Ally, (iii) 948,249,600 shares directly held by True Ally,
              which is directly wholly-owned by Mr. Cai Dongchen and (iv) 26,880,000 shares directly held by Harmonic Choice Limited by virtue
              of his interests in a chain of corporations holding Harmonic Choice Limited, namely Massive Top Limited, of which March Rise
              Limited, Beijing Zhongyihe Hezhong Investment Management Centre (Limited Partnership) (北京中宜和合眾投資管理中心(有限合夥))
              (“Zhongyihe”) and True Ally own 75%, 15% and 10%, respectively. March Rise Limited in turn is owned as to 40% by True Ally and
              60% by Zhongyihe, the general partner of which is Mr. Cai Dongchen.

     (2)      The interests represent share options granted under the Share Option Scheme of the Company. Details of which are set out in note
              36 to the consolidated financial statements.

     (3)      The interests represent unvested awarded shares granted by Key Honesty Limited, a shareholder of the Company. Details of which
              are set out in note 36 to the consolidated financial statements.


     Other than as disclosed above, none of the directors or their associates had any interests or short positions in the shares,
     underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations as at 31 December 2024.




52   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Directors’ Report



Arrangements to Purchase Shares or Debentures
Other than the long-term incentive program of the Group, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries was a party to
any arrangements to enable the directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or
debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate at any time during the year.


Long-Term Incentive Program
(i)   Share Option Scheme
      The Company has adopted a share option scheme on 9 December 2015 (the “Share Option Scheme”), details of
      which are set out in note 36 to the consolidated financial statements.


      On 4 September 2023 (the “Grant Date”), the Company has conditionally granted share options (the “Share Options”)
      to the then directors of the Company set out in the table below (the “Management Grantees”) to subscribe for an
      aggregate of 50,000,000 shares of the Company (the “Share Option Shares”) under the Share Option Scheme.


      The exercise of the Share Options by the Management Grantees in full (the “Exercise of the Share Options”) will cause
      the aggregate shareholding interests in the total number of issued shares held by the Management Grantees and
      parties acting in concert with any of them (collectively, the “Management Group”) to increase from approximately
      29.90% of the total number of issued shares of the Company as at the Grant Date to approximately 30.19% of
      the total number of issued shares of the Company as enlarged by the issuance of the Share Option Shares in full.
      Accordingly, the Management Grantees would be obliged to make a mandatory general offer pursuant to Rule 26.1
      of the Takeovers Code to the shareholders of the Company for all the issued shares not already owned or agreed to
      be acquired by the Management Group as a result of the allotment and issuance of the Share Option Shares to the
      Management Grantees, unless a whitewash waiver is granted by the Securities and Futures Commission (“SFC”).
      The Management Grantees have applied to the SFC for, and the SFC has granted, a waiver pursuant to Note 1 of
      the Notes on dispensations from Rule 26 of the Takeovers Code from the obligations of the Management Grantees
      to make a mandatory general offer for all of the shares and other securities (as defined in Note 4 to Rule 22 of the
      Takeovers Code) of the Company (if any) not already owned or agreed to be acquired by the Management Group
      which would otherwise arise as a result of the completion of the Exercise of the Share Options (the “Whitewash
      Waiver”).


      The resolutions approving the Whitewash Waiver and the conditional grant of the Share Options and the Exercise
      of the Share Options and the transactions contemplated thereunder were duly passed at the extraordinary general
      meeting held by the Company on 29 November 2023.


      On 11 April 2024, a total number of 19,500,000 Share Options have been exercised by some of the Management
      Grantees at the exercise price of HK$5.98 per share. Accordingly, a total of 19,500,000 new shares were allotted
      and issued to some of the Management Grantees on 15 April 2024 (the “Issuance”). Pursuant to Note 15 to Rule
      26.1 of the Takeovers Code, the Management Group shall be deemed to have a lowest percentage holding equal to
      its percentage holding immediately after the Issuance, i.e. 30.01% as at 15 April 2024 (the “New Lowest Percentage
      Holding”). Any acquisition of additional voting rights by the Management Group subsequent to the Issuance shall be
      subject to the 2% creeper under Rule 26.1 of the Takeovers Code by reference to the New Lowest Percentage Holding
      in the 12-month period ending on the date of the Issuance, unless any subsequent disposition of voting rights by the
      Management Group causes the lowest percentage holding of the Management Group to fall below the New Lowest
      Percentage Holding. Details of the above exercise of Share Options are set out in the announcement of the Company
      dated 15 April 2024.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024     53
     Directors’ Report



           The table below shows details of movements of the Share Options during the year:


                                                                                                               Number of share options

                                                                                                                                    Cancelled/
                                                                                           Outstanding    Granted     Exercised           lapsed Outstanding
                                                        Exercise    Vesting     Exercise         as of     during        during           during        as of
           Name of grantees          Date of grant        period     period        price     1 January       year       the year         the year 31 December

           Directors:
           CAI Dongchen              4 September 2023         (1)        (2)    HK$5.98     18,000,000          –     (9,000,000)              –    9,000,000
           ZHANG Cuilong             4 September 2023         (1)        (2)    HK$5.98      8,000,000          –     (4,000,000)              –    4,000,000
           PAN Weidong               4 September 2023         (1)        (2)    HK$5.98      3,000,000          –     (1,500,000)              –    1,500,000
           WANG Zhenguo              4 September 2023         (1)        (2)    HK$5.98      3,000,000          –     (1,500,000)              –    1,500,000
           WANG Huaiyu               4 September 2023         (1)        (2)    HK$5.98      3,000,000          –     (1,500,000)              –    1,500,000
           LI Chunlei                4 September 2023         (1)        (2)    HK$5.98      6,000,000          –     (1,500,000)              –    4,500,000
           Employees (former directors):
           WANG Qingxi               4 September 2023         (1)        (2)    HK$5.98      3,000,000          –              –               –    3,000,000
           CHAK Kin Man              4 September 2023         (1)        (2)    HK$5.98      3,000,000          –       (300,000)              –    2,700,000
           JIANG Hao                 4 September 2023         (1)        (2)    HK$5.98      3,000,000          –       (200,000)              –    2,800,000

                                                                                            50,000,000          –    (19,500,000)              –   30,500,000

           Notes:

           1.       Subject to the fulfillment of the conditions for the grant and exercise of the share options, the vesting conditions and the vesting
                    period, the exercise period of the share options is 10 years from the date of grant (i.e. 4 September 2023 to 3 September
                    2033, both days inclusive).

           2.       Conditional upon the Group having achieved a single-digit percentage growth on the amount of the underlying profit attributable
                    to shareholders (i.e. the profit attributable to shareholders after excluding certain non-operating items as determined by the
                    Board) for the year ended 31 December 2023 as compared to that for the year ended 31 December 2022, 50% of the share
                    options shall be vested on 1 April 2024, and such condition has already been satisfied. The remaining 50% of the share options
                    shall be vested on 1 April 2025 conditional upon the Group having achieved a double-digit percentage growth on the amount
                    of the underlying profit attributable to shareholders (i.e. the profit attributable to shareholders after excluding certain non-
                    operating items as determined by the Board) for the year ended 31 December 2024 as compared to that for the year ended 31
                    December 2023, and such condition has not been satisfied.


     (2)   Share Award Scheme
           The Company has adopted a share award scheme on 20 August 2018. In addition, a shareholder of the Company has
           granted share awards to selected employees of the Group. Details of the Company’s share awards scheme and the
           share awards granted by the shareholder are set out in note 36 to the consolidated financial statements.




54   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Directors’ Report



Substantial Shareholders’ Interests
As at 31 December 2024, the interests and short positions of the following persons in the shares and underlying shares of
the Company as recorded in the register maintained by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO were as follows:


Long Positions


                                                                                                                       Total
                                                                                                                   interests     Approximate %
Name of                                                                                   Number of               in shares/       of the issued
substantial                                                          Number of            underlying             underlying            shares of
shareholder                         Capacity                        shares held          shares held                 shares        the Company

Cai Dongchen                        Beneficial owner                245,948,960            9,000,000 (2)      2,855,817,670               24.54%
                                    Interest of controlled        2,600,868,710   (1)
                                                                                                    –
                                      corporation
True Ally Holdings                  Beneficial owner                948,249,600                     –         2,600,868,710               22.35%
  Limited                           Interest of controlled        1,652,619,110   (1)
                                                                                                    –
                                      corporation
Massive Giant Group Limited         Beneficial owner              1,218,834,470                     –         1,218,834,470               10.47%
Common Success                      Beneficial owner                728,796,313                     –           728,796,313                6.26%
  International Limited
UBS Group AG                        Interest in controlled          710,991,936                     –           710,991,936                6.11%
                                      corporation


Short Positions


                                                                                                                               Approximate %
                                                                                                                                 of the issued
Name of substantial                                                                                         Number of                 shares of
shareholder                                         Capacity                                               shares held          the Company

UBS Group AG                                        Interest in controlled corporation                     199,913,325                    1.72%

Notes:

(1)      Mr. Cai Dongchen is deemed to be interested in 2,600,868,710 shares, comprising (i) 406,904,640 shares directly held by Key
         Honesty Limited, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of True Ally, (ii) 1,218,834,470 shares directly held by Massive Giant Group Limited,
         a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of True Ally, (iii) 948,249,600 shares directly held by True Ally, which is directly wholly-owned by Mr.
         Cai Dongchen and (iv) 26,880,000 shares directly held by Harmonic Choice Limited by virtue of his interests in a chain of corporations
         holding Harmonic Choice Limited, namely Massive Top Limited, of which March Rise Limited, Zhongyihe and True Ally own 75%,
         15% and 10%, respectively. March Rise Limited in turn is owned as to 40% by True Ally and 60% by Zhongyihe, the general partner
         of which is Mr. Cai Dongchen.

(2)      The interests represent share options granted under the Share Option Scheme of the Company. Details of which are set out in note
         36 to the consolidated financial statements.


Other than as disclosed above, the Company has not been notified of any other interests or short positions in the shares and
underlying shares of the Company as at 31 December 2024.




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024         55
     Directors’ Report



     Connected Transactions and Continuing Connected Transactions
     (1)   Connected Transactions
           On 19 December 2024, certain subsidiaries of the Company have entered into lease agreements with CSPC Holdings
           Company Limited (“CHL”) and its subsidiaries Neimenggu Changshang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“NCP”) to lease
           certain premises for a term of three years commencing on 1 January 2025. The value of the right-of-use assets
           under the lease agreements recognised by the Group in its consolidated statement of financial position amounted to
           approximately RMB158,792,000. Details of the transactions are set out in the announcement of the Company dated
           19 December 2024.


     (2)   Continuing Connected Transactions
           During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group has entered into certain transactions which constituted
           continuing connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules. Details of these transactions are set out
           below:


                                                                                                                                  Transaction
           Name of company                                         Nature of transactions                                              amount
                                                                                                                                      RMB’000

           CHL and its subsidiaries (the “CHL Group”)              Sales of pharmaceutical products (note a)                           972,392
                                                                   Purchase of pharmaceutical products (note b)                        244,703
                                                                   Consolidated services expenses (note c)                               59,698

           Notes:

           (a)      On 22 November 2021, the Company entered into a master sales agreement with CHL for the sale of pharmaceutical products
                    to the CHL Group for a term of three years commencing on 1 November 2021 (“2021 Master Sales Agreement”). On 19 April
                    2024, both parties entered into a new master sales agreement to renew the transactions relating to the sale of pharmaceutical
                    products for a term of three years commencing on 1 May 2024, which superseded the 2021 Master Sales Agreement.

           (b)      On 22 December 2021, the Company entered into a master purchase agreement with CHL for the purchase of medicines, raw
                    materials, equipment, low-cost consumables and other products from the CHL Group for a term of three years commencing
                    on 1 January 2022 (“2021 Master Purchase Agreement”). On 28 June 2024, both parties entered into a new master purchase
                    agreement to renew the transactions relating to the purchase of pharmaceutical products for a term of three years commencing
                    on 1 July 2024, which superseded the 2021 Master Purchase Agreement.

           (c)      A subsidiary of the Company has been leasing certain factory premises and obtaining energy supply services from NCP
                    pursuant to a consolidated services agreement entered into between them prior to NCP becoming a subsidiary of CHL during
                    the year. On 19 December 2024, both parties entered into a new energy supply services agreement for a term of three years
                    commencing on 1 January 2025 upon expiry of the consolidated services agreement.


     Mr. Cai Dongchen, an executive director and a substantial shareholder of the Company, is indirectly interested in more than
     30% of CHL through a series of corporations. Therefore, CHL is an associate of a substantial shareholder of the Company,
     and thus a connected person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. In addition, each of Mr. Zhang
     Cuilong, Mr. Wang Zhenguo, Mr. Pan Weidong, Mr. Wang Huaiyu, Dr. Li Chunlei and Dr. Yao Bing, all being executive
     directors of the Company, is also indirectly interested in CHL.




56   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Directors’ Report



The Company has engaged its external auditor, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, to report on the continuing connected
transactions of the Group in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance
Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740
(Revised) “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Based on the work performed, the external auditor has confirmed in its letter
to the Board that nothing has come to its attention which causes it to believe that the continuing connected transactions:


(i)     have not been approved by the Board;
(ii)    were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group for transactions involving the
        provision of goods or services by the Group;
(iii)   were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and
(iv)    have exceeded the annual cap for 2024 as disclosed in the announcements.


The independent non-executive directors have reviewed the continuing connected transactions and the auditor’s letter and
have confirmed that the transactions have been entered into by the Group:


(i)     in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;
(ii)    on normal commercial terms or better; and
(iii)   according to the respective agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of
        the shareholders of the Company as a whole.


Related Party Transactions
Significant related party transactions which were undertaken in the normal course of business of the Group are set out in
note 41 to the consolidated financial statements. Those related party transactions which constituted exempted connected
transactions or continuing connected transactions under the Listing Rules are not disclosed in the section headed “Connected
Transactions and Continuing Connected Transactions”.


Directors’ Interests in Competing Business
CHL holds certain equity interest in (i) CSPC Jiangxi Jinfurong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd, a company principally engaged in the
manufacture and sales of traditional Chinese medicines in China, and (ii) Neimenggu Changsheng Pharmaceutical Co.,Ltd,
a company principally engaged in the manufacture and sales of bulk antibiotics products in China. The above companies
are considered to compete or likely to compete with certain businesses of the Group. Each of Mr. Cai Dongchen, Mr. Zhang
Cuilong, Mr. Wang Zhenguo, Mr. Pan Weidong, Mr. Wang Huaiyu, Dr. Li Chunlei and Dr. Yao Bing, all being directors of the
Company, has an indirect interest in CHL.


Emolument Policy
The emoluments of the directors of the Company are determined with reference to the expertise, experience, responsibilities
and performance of the directors, financial and operational performance of the Group as well benchmarks from peer
companies and prevailing market conditions.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024      57
     Directors’ Report



     Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
     During the year, the Company repurchased its own shares on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited as follows:


                                                                 Highest             Lowest
                                            Number of          purchase             purchase
                                                  shares        price per           price per     Aggregate consideration
     Month                               repurchased               share               share         (before expenses)
                                                                     HK$                HK$              HK$              RMB
                                                                                                                    (equivalent)

     April                                  26,628,000               5.99               5.66     155,616,000      141,147,000
     June                                   36,350,000               6.58               6.21     231,848,000      211,185,000
     August                                 55,760,000               4.93               4.69     268,055,000      244,853,000
     September                             108,100,000               4.88               4.51     504,924,000      460,291,000
     November                               57,580,000               5.25               5.02     295,822,000      273,376,000
     December                               55,750,000               4.87               4.61     264,804,000      244,964,000

                                           340,168,000                                          1,721,069,000   1,575,816,000


     Of the shares repurchased, 284,418,000 shares were cancelled during the year and 55,750,000 shares were cancelled
     in January 2025. The Board considered that the repurchases were made for the benefit of the shareholders with a view to
     enhancing the earnings per share as well as maximizing shareholders’ return.


     Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the listed
     securities of the Company during the year.


     Sufficiency of Public Float
     The Company has maintained a sufficient public float throughout the year ended 31 December 2024.


     Auditor
     A resolution will be submitted to the annual general meeting to re-appoint Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as auditor of
     the Company.




     On behalf of the Board
     CAI Dongchen
     Chairman


     Hong Kong, 28 March 2025




58   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Independent Auditor’s Report




TO THE MEMBERS OF CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
石藥集團有限公司
(incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of CSPC Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”) and its
subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 64 to 139, which comprise the consolidated statement
of financial position as at 31 December 2024, the consolidated income statement, consolidated statement of comprehensive
income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended,
and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information and other explanatory
information.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at 31 December 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance.


Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of
Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
opinion.


Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
on these matters.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024      59
     Independent Auditor’s Report



     Key audit matter                                                How our audit addressed the key audit matter


     Expected credit losses on trade receivables


     We identified impairment assessment of trade receivables        Our procedures in relation to impairment assessment of
     as a key audit matter due to the significance of trade          trade receivables included:
     receivables to the Group’s consolidated financial position
     and the involvement of subjective judgement and                 •    Understanding key controls on how the management
     management estimates in evaluating the expected credit               estimates the loss allowance for trade receivables;
     losses (“ECL”) of the Group’s trade receivables at the end of
     the reporting period.                                           •    Evaluating the competence, capabilities and objectivity
                                                                          of the independent qualified professional valuer;
     As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s net trade receivables
     amounted to RMB5,160,672,000 representing approximately         •    Involving our internal valuation specialists to assess
     12% of total assets of the Group, and RMB838,155,000 of              the appropriateness of valuation methodology and
     which were past due.                                                 assumptions adopted;


     As disclosed in note 39 to the consolidated financial           •    Testing the integrity of information used by
     statements, the management of the Group estimated the                management to develop the provision matrix, including
     amount of lifetime ECL of trade receivables, other than major        trade receivables aging analysis as at 31 December
     customers and credit-impaired balances, based on provision           2024, on a sample basis, by comparing individual
     matrix through grouping of various debtors that have similar         items in the analysis with the relevant sales invoices
     loss patterns, after considering aging, repayment history            and other supporting documents; and
     and/or past due status of respective trade receivables.
     Estimated loss rates were based on historical observed          •    Challenging management’s basis and judgement in
     default rates over the expected life of the debtors and were         determining credit loss allowance on trade receivables
     adjusted for forward-looking information. Trade receivables          as at 31 December 2024, including their identification
     with major customers and credit-impaired balances were               of major customers and credit-impaired balances,
     assessed for ECL individually. The loss allowance of the             the reasonableness of management’s grouping of
     credit-impaired trade receivables was measured as the                the remaining debtors into different categories in
     difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the               the provision matrix, and the basis of estimated loss
     present value of estimated future cash flows with the                rates applied for each individual trade debtor and
     consideration of expected future credit losses.                      each category in the provision matrix (with reference
                                                                          to historical default rates and forward-looking
     As disclosed in note 39 to the consolidated financial                information).
     statements, the Group’s lifetime ECL recognised on
     trade receivables as at 31 December 2024 amounted to
     RMB58,441,000.




60   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Independent Auditor’s Report



Other Information
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed,
we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have
nothing to report in this regard.


Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated
Financial Statements
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such
internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but
to do so.


Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion solely
to you, as a body, in accordance with section 405 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for no other purpose.
We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always
detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on
the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024      61
     Independent Auditor’s Report



     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
     throughout the audit. We also:


     •     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
           or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
           and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting
           from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
           misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


     •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
           appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s
           internal control.


     •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
           disclosures made by the directors.


     •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
           audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant
           doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are
           required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or,
           if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained
           up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue
           as a going concern.


     •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
           disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
           manner that achieves fair presentation.


     •     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of
           the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group financial statements. We
           are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit.
           We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


     We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
     audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.




62   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Independent Auditor’s Report



We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought
to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Ms. Fung Suet Ngan.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
28 March 2025




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024       63
     Consolidated Income Statement
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



                                                                                2024          2023
                                                                    Note    RMB’000       RMB’000

     Revenue                                                         5     29,009,254    31,450,109
     Cost of sales                                                         (8,710,543)   (9,273,423)

     Gross profit                                                          20,298,711    22,176,686
     Other income                                                            561,089       626,271
     Other gains or losses, net                                              (118,149)     (104,936)
     Selling and distribution expenses                                     (8,662,306)   (9,140,652)
     Administrative expenses                                               (1,079,603)   (1,189,648)
     Research and development expenses                                     (5,190,656)   (4,830,375)
     Other expenses                                                           (97,213)     (100,743)
     Share of results of associates                                 18        (45,922)      (41,065)
     Share of results of joint ventures                             19        (43,552)      (13,131)
     Gain on deemed disposal of partial interests in an associate                   –       32,861
     Finance costs                                                   6        (43,673)      (25,896)

     Profit before tax                                                      5,578,726     7,389,372
     Income tax expense                                              8     (1,239,901)   (1,316,679)

     Profit for the year                                             7      4,338,825     6,072,693

     Profit for the year attributable to:
       Owners of the Company                                                4,328,035     5,873,325
       Non-controlling interests                                              10,790       199,368

                                                                            4,338,825     6,072,693

                                                                           RMB cents     RMB cents
     Earnings per share                                             11
       — Basic                                                                  36.87        49.47
       — Diluted                                                                36.87        49.47




64   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2024



                                                                                             2024            2023
                                                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000

Profit for the year                                                                      4,338,825      6,072,693

Other comprehensive expense:


Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Fair value loss on financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive
  income, net of income tax                                                                (12,453)         (6,003)
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                  (29,594)        (17,544)

Other comprehensive expense for the year, net of income tax                                (42,047)        (23,547)

Total comprehensive income for the year                                                  4,296,778      6,049,146

Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                                  4,285,988      5,849,778
  Non-controlling interests                                                                10,790         199,368

                                                                                         4,296,778      6,049,146




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024    65
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     At 31 December 2024



                                                               2024         2023
                                                   Note    RMB’000      RMB’000

     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                 13     11,374,442   10,416,599
     Right-of-use assets                           14      1,128,458    1,226,293
     Investment property                           15        56,127       59,432
     Goodwill                                      16       234,904      234,904
     Intangible assets                             17      2,609,506    2,198,549
     Interests in associates                       18       815,094      786,085
     Interests in joint ventures                   19       711,799      682,351
     Other financial assets                        20      2,334,120    2,387,159
     Deferred tax assets                           33       250,297      186,776
     Deposits, prepayments and other receivables   23       576,100      619,077
     Bank deposits                                 26      2,410,000     740,000

                                                          22,500,847   19,537,225

     Current assets
     Inventories                                   21      3,130,014    3,138,664
     Trade receivables                             22      5,160,672    5,869,223
     Deposits, prepayments and other receivables   23       887,059      672,655
     Bills receivables                             24      4,035,490    3,685,282
     Amounts due from related companies            41       359,123      157,313
     Amounts due from joint ventures               41        65,475      129,531
     Other financial assets                        20       166,105             –
     Structured bank deposits                      25      1,307,007    1,077,054
     Bank deposits, balances and cash              26      6,777,199   12,015,223

                                                          21,888,144   26,744,945




66   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
At 31 December 2024



                                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                               Note          RMB’000           RMB’000

Current liabilities
Trade payables                                                                  27           1,667,247        2,426,115
Other payables                                                                  28           5,741,793        5,978,313
Contract liabilities                                                            31             283,901          326,205
Bills payables                                                                  29             945,753          415,624
Amounts due to related companies                                                41             272,659            21,436
Amounts due to joint ventures                                                   41             133,965            35,587
Lease liabilities                                                               32               58,991         149,627
Tax liabilities                                                                                137,514          379,450
Bank borrowings                                                                 30             392,204          450,216

                                                                                             9,634,027       10,182,573

Net current assets                                                                         12,254,117        16,562,372

Total assets less current liabilities                                                      34,754,964        36,099,597

Non-current liabilities
Other payables                                                                  28             407,808          399,684
Lease liabilities                                                               32               56,135         107,058
Deferred tax liabilities                                                        33             424,731          574,843

                                                                                               888,674        1,081,585

Net assets                                                                                 33,866,290        35,018,012

Capital and reserves
Share capital                                                                   35         11,032,752        10,899,412
Reserves                                                                                   21,231,943        22,303,796

Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                               32,264,695        33,203,208
Non-controlling interests                                                                    1,601,595        1,814,804

Total equity                                                                               33,866,290        35,018,012


The consolidated financial statements on pages 64 to 139 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors
on 28 March 2025 and are signed on its behalf by:




                           CAI Dongchen                                           ZHANG Cuilong
                            DIRECTOR                                                  DIRECTOR




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024     67
     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



                                                                                                     Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                        Equity attributable to non-controlling interests

                                                                                                                                                                                                          Employee
                                                                                       Employee                                                                                                        share-based
                                                                        Treasury     share-based                                            Capital                                                   compensation        Share of net
                                                              Share        share    compensation          Other        Statutory       contribution     Translation    Accumulated                        reserve of        assets of
                                                             capital     reserve          reserve      reserve         reserves            reserve         reserve          profits      Sub-total      a subsidiary      subsidiaries          Sub-total          Total
                                                            RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                        (note a)         (note b)           (note c)

     At 1 January 2023                                     10,899,412    (83,710)           9,475    (4,037,818)       2,055,657           196,574          22,047       21,135,897     30,197,534            7,612          1,436,729          1,444,341       31,641,875

     Profit for the year                                            –          –                –             –                –                    –             –       5,873,325      5,873,325                 –           199,368            199,368        6,072,693
     Other comprehensive expense for the year,
       net of income tax                                            –          –                –        (6,003)               –                    –       (17,544)               –       (23,547)                –                  –                     –      (23,547)

     Total comprehensive (expense)/income for the year              –          –                –        (6,003)               –                    –       (17,544)      5,873,325      5,849,778                 –           199,368            199,368        6,049,146

     Dividends paid to non-control ing interests                    –          –                –             –                –                    –             –                –             –                 –            (26,003)           (26,003)         (26,003)
     Capital contribution from non-control ing interests            –          –                –             –                –                    –             –          206,688       206,688                 –           317,304            317,304          523,992
     Purchase of shares under share award scheme                    –   (254,348)               –        (4,248)               –                    –             –                –      (258,596)                –                  –                  –        (258,596)
     Dividends recognised as distribution                           –          –                –             –                –                    –             –       (2,726,253)   (2,726,253)                –                  –                  –      (2,726,253)
     Cancel ation of shares repurchased                             –          –                –             –                –                    –             –         (200,358)     (200,358)                –                  –                  –        (200,358)
     Transfer to statutory reserves                                 –          –                –             –          154,187                    –             –         (154,187)            –                 –                  –                  –                –
     Recognition of employee share-based
       compensation expense                                         –          –           42,030             –                –           193,952                –               –        235,982              (890)                –                (890)        235,092
     Acquisition of additional interests in subsidiaries            –          –                –             –                –                 –                –        (101,567)      (101,567)                –          (119,316)           (119,316)       (220,883)
     Vesting of shares under share award scheme                     –     21,844          (23,159)            –                –                 –                –           1,315              –                 –                 –                   –               –

     At 31 December 2023                                   10,899,412   (316,214)          28,346    (4,048,069)       2,209,844           390,526           4,503       24,034,860     33,203,208            6,722          1,808,082          1,814,804       35,018,012

     At 1 January 2024                                     10,899,412   (316,214)          28,346    (4,048,069)       2,209,844           390,526           4,503       24,034,860     33,203,208            6,722          1,808,082          1,814,804       35,018,012

     Profit for the year                                            –          –                –             –                –                    –             –       4,328,035      4,328,035                 –            10,790             10,790        4,338,825
     Other comprehensive expense for the year,
       net of income tax                                            –          –                –       (12,453)               –                    –       (29,594)               –       (42,047)                –                  –                     –      (42,047)

     Total comprehensive (expense)/income for the year              –          –                –       (12,453)               –                    –       (29,594)      4,328,035      4,285,988                 –            10,790             10,790        4,296,778

     Dividends paid to non-control ing interests                    –          –                –            –                 –                    –             –               –              –                 –           (98,496)            (98,496)        (98,496)
     Capital contribution from non-control ing interests            –          –                –            –                 –                    –             –               –              –                 –             2,115               2,115           2,115
     Purchase of shares under share award scheme                    –   (299,711)               –     (316,780)                –                    –             –               –       (616,491)                –                 –                   –        (616,491)
     Dividends recognised as distribution                           –          –                –            –                 –                    –             –      (3,233,815)    (3,233,815)                –                 –                   –      (3,233,815)
     Cancel ation of shares repurchased                             –          –                –            –                 –                    –             –      (1,579,098)    (1,579,098)                –                 –                   –      (1,579,098)
     Transfer to statutory reserves                                 –          –                –            –            95,639                    –             –         (95,639)             –                 –                 –                   –               –
     Recognition of employee share-based
       compensation expense                                         –          –           12,052             –                –           198,319                –               –       210,371                83                  –                  83         210,454
     Acquisition of additional interests in a subsidiary            –          –                –             –                –                 –                –         (70,258)      (70,258)                –           (169,341)           (169,341)       (239,599)
     Deemed disposal of partial interest of
       interest in a subsidiary                                    –           –                –             –                –                    –             –         (41,640)      (41,640)                 –            41,640             41,640               –
     Vesting of shares under share award scheme                    –       3,884           (5,519)            –                –                    –             –           1,635             –                  –                 –                  –               –
     Exercise of share options                               133,340           –          (26,910)            –                –                    –             –               –       106,430                  –                 –                  –         106,430

     At 31 December 2024                                   11,032,752   (612,041)           7,969    (4,377,302)       2,305,483           588,845          (25,091)     23,344,080     32,264,695            6,805          1,594,790          1,601,595       33,866,290




68   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2024


Notes:

(a)      The balance in other reserve mainly included i) an amount of RMB4,030,633,000 which represents the difference between the fair
         value of the deemed consideration under the reverse acquisition of RMB2,631,198,000 and the fair value of the consideration paid by
         the Company of RMB6,661,831,000 in a reverse acquisition on 29 October 2012; ii) the accumulated changes in fair value of financial
         assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”); and iii) repurchase of shares of CSPC Innovation
         Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“CSPC Innovation”), a non-wholly owned listed subsidiary of the Company, for staff share incentive
         purpose.

(b)      The statutory reserves are appropriated from profit after tax of the Company’s subsidiaries in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”)
         under the laws and regulations of the PRC.

(c)      The balance in capital contribution reserve mainly included the deemed contribution by CSPC Holdings Company Limited (“CHL”), a
         related company as defined in note 41, which comprises (i) the difference between the carrying amount of the net assets of entities
         comprising Robust Sun Holdings Limited (“Robust Sun”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Robust Sun Group”) and
         the consideration paid to CHL and its subsidiaries during group reorganisation under Robust Sun Group in 2012; (ii) the imputed
         interest on a non-interest bearing loan from CHL in 2012; and (iii) deemed capital contribution arising from the acquisition of CSPC
         Shengxue Glucose Co., Ltd. from CHL in 2016; and (iv) deemed capital contribution arising from the grant of share awards to
         employees of the Group in 2022 by a shareholder.




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024         69
     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



                                                                                                2024          2023
                                                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000

     Operating activities
     Profit before tax                                                                     5,578,726     7,389,372
     Adjustments for:
       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                       1,023,305       867,252
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                   163,768       164,077
       Depreciation of investment property                                                     3,305         3,305
       Amortisation of intangible assets                                                     149,072        82,856
       Gain on lease termination                                                                    –          (188)
       Finance costs                                                                          43,673        25,896
       Government grant income                                                              (128,772)     (215,702)
       Fair value loss on financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss     151,936       210,712
       Fair value gain on structured bank deposits                                            (47,470)      (87,228)
       Interest income                                                                      (232,497)     (259,881)
       Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                      23,398        22,226
       Loss on write-off of intangible assets                                                    178              –
       Impairment loss recognised on intangible assets                                              –       42,315
       Impairment loss recognised under expected credit loss model                            16,304        18,412
       Reversal of write-down of inventories                                                        –           (57)
       Employee share-based compensation expenses                                            210,454       235,092
       Share of results of associates                                                         45,922        41,065
       Share of results of joint ventures                                                     43,552        13,131
       Gain on deemed disposal of partial interests in an associate                                 –       (32,861)

     Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                              7,044,854     8,519,794
     Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                                        8,650      (583,746)
     Decrease/(increase) in trade receivables                                                692,247     (1,973,267)
     (Increase)/decrease in deposits, prepayments and other receivables                     (214,404)       20,569
     Increase in bills receivables                                                         (1,000,925)   (1,327,959)
     (Increase)/decrease in amounts due from related companies                              (201,810)       38,330
     Decrease/(increase) in amounts due from joint ventures                                   64,056        (29,483)
     (Decrease)/increase in trade payables                                                  (758,868)      918,129
     Decrease in contract liabilities                                                         (42,304)    (473,253)
     Increase/(decrease) in bills payables                                                   530,129        (86,455)
     (Decrease)/increase in other payables                                                  (421,061)      445,900
     Increase in deferred government grants                                                  177,426       198,180
     Increase/(decrease) in amounts due to joint ventures                                     98,378        (95,273)
     Increase/(decrease) in amounts due to related companies                                 251,223        (83,502)

     Cash generated from operations                                                        6,227,591     5,487,964
     Income tax paid                                                                       (1,692,927)   (1,309,149)

     Net cash from operating activities                                                    4,534,664     4,178,815




70   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2024



                                                                     2024            2023
                                                          Note    RMB’000         RMB’000

Investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                        (2,015,216)     (1,623,688)
Purchase of right-of-use assets                                    (103,580)           (3,947)
Purchase of intangible assets                                      (560,080)       (265,432)
Purchase of other financial assets                                 (411,950)       (532,818)
Capital injection to an associate                                   (80,000)       (109,000)
Capital injection to a joint venture                                (93,000)           (6,000)
Receipts of government grants                                       104,077         114,788
Placement of structured bank deposits                            (1,418,000)     (1,890,000)
Withdrawal of structured bank deposits                            1,235,517       4,475,033
Placement of pledged and restricted bank balances                   (82,029)         (79,489)
Withdrawal of pledged and restricted bank balances                   56,584         132,266
Placement of bank deposits                                       (2,580,000)     (2,040,000)
Withdrawal of bank deposits                                       1,600,000       2,220,000
Interest received                                                   232,497         259,881
Dividend received from a joint venture                               20,000           20,000
Dividend received from an associate                                   5,069                 –
Proceeds from distribution of other financial assets                 42,092           54,277
Proceed from disposal of other financial assets                      89,897                 –
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment              99,922         139,992

Net cash (used in)/from investing activities                     (3,858,200)       865,863

Financing activities
Dividends paid                                                   (3,233,815)     (2,726,253)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                         (98,496)         (26,003)
Repurchase and cancellation of shares                            (1,579,098)       (200,358)
Interest on lease liabilities                                        (7,636)         (13,635)
Interest on bank borrowings                                              (9)           (2,356)
Repayment of lease liabilities                                     (143,410)       (138,590)
Repayment of bank borrowings                                         (8,950)         (27,840)
Advances drawn on bills discounted with recourse                    537,627         530,945
New bank borrowings raised                                           28,000                 –
Capital contribution from non-controlling interests                   2,115         523,992
Acquisition of additional interests in subsidiaries                (239,599)       (220,883)
Purchase of shares under share award scheme                        (616,491)       (258,596)
Proceeds from issue of shares upon exercise of options              106,430                 –

Net cash used in financing activities                            (5,253,332)     (2,559,577)

Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents             (4,576,868)     2,485,101
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                           10,490,845      8,000,852
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                               3,399          4,892

Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December,
 represented by bank balances and cash                    26      5,917,376     10,490,845




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024      71
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     1.   General Information
          CSPC Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”) is a public limited company incorporated in Hong Kong and its
          shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). The address of the registered
          office and principal place of business of the Company is disclosed in the “Corporate Information” section of this annual
          report.

          The Company acts as an investment holding company and its subsidiaries (hereinafter together with the Company
          referred to as the “Group”) are principally engaged in the manufacture and sale of pharmaceutical products. Details of
          the subsidiaries are set out in note 43.

          The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional currency of the
          Company.

     2.   Application of new and Amendments to HKFRSs
          Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
          In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA for the first
          time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January 2024 for the preparation of
          the consolidated financial statements:

          Amendments to HKFRS 16                              Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
          Amendments to HKAS 1                                Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and related
                                                                amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)
          Amendments to HKAS 1                                Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
          Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7                    Supplier Finance Arrangements

          The application of the amendments to HKFRSs in the current year has no material impact on the Group’s financial
          positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated
          financial statements.

          New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective
          The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet
          effective:

          Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                   Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial
                                                                Instruments3
          Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                   Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity3
          Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or
                                                                Joint Venture1
          Amendments to HKFRS                                 Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards — Volume 113
           Accounting Standards
          Amendments to HKAS 21                               Lack of Exchangeability2
          HKFRS 18                                            Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements4

          1
               Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined
          2
               Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025
          3
               Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026
          4
               Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027


          Except for the new HKFRSs mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all
          other new and amendments to HKFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the
          foreseeable future.




72   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



2.   Application of new and Amendments to HKFRSs (continued)
     HKFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
     HKFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements, which sets out requirements on presentation and
     disclosures in financial statements, will replace HKAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. This new HKFRS
     Accounting Standard, while carrying forward many of the requirements in HKAS 1, introduces new requirements
     to present specified categories and defined subtotals in the statement of profit or loss; provide disclosures on
     management-defined performance measures in the notes to the financial statements and improve aggregation and
     disaggregation of information to be disclosed in the financial statements. In addition, some HKAS 1 paragraphs have
     been moved to HKAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors and HKFRS 7 Financial
     Instruments: Disclosures. Minor amendments to HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and HKAS 33 Earnings per Share
     are also made. HKFRS 18, and amendments to other standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or
     after 1 January 2027, with early application permitted. The application of the new standard is expected to affect the
     presentation of the statement of profit or loss and disclosures in the future financial statements. The Group is in the
     process of assessing the detailed impact of HKFRS 18 on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.


3.   Material Accounting Policy Information
     Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA. For the
     purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if such information
     is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements
     include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange and the
     Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


     Basis of consolidation
     The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled by
     the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:


     •     has power over the investee;
     •     is exposed, or has the rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
     •     has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.


     The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes
     to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.


     Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group
     loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the
     year are included in the consolidated income statement from the date when the Group gains control until the date
     when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.


     Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and to the
     non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the Company and
     to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.




                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024   73
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     3.   Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
          Basis of consolidation (continued)
          Where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies
          into line with the Group’s accounting policies.


          All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members
          of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.


          Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which represent
          present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the relevant subsidiaries
          upon liquidation.


          Changes in the Group’s interests in existing subsidiaries
          Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the subsidiaries are
          accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant components of equity and the
          non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries, including re-
          attribution of relevant reserves between the Group and the non-controlling interests according to the Group’s and the
          non-controlling interests’ proportionate interests.


          Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the fair value of the
          consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.


          Goodwill
          Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of the
          business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any.


          For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units (“CGU”s) (or
          group of CGUs) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, which represent the lowest level at
          which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.


          A CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually or more frequently
          when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the
          CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before the end of that reporting
          period. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the
          carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of
          each asset in the unit (or group of CGUs).


          On disposal of the relevant CGU or any of the CGU within the group of CGUs, the attributable amount of goodwill is
          included in the determination of the amount of profit or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation
          within the CGU (or a CGU within a group of CGUs), the amount of goodwill disposed of is measured on the basis of the
          relative values of the operation (or the CGU) disposed of and the portion of the CGU (or the group of CGUs) retained.


          The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate and a joint venture is described below.




74   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



3.   Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
     Investments in associates and joint ventures
     An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate
     in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over those policies.

     A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the
     net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement,
     which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.

     The results and assets and liabilities of associate and joint ventures are incorporated in these consolidated financial
     statements using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of associates and joint ventures used for
     equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies as those of the Group for like transactions
     and events in similar circumstances. Under the equity method, an investment in an associate or a joint venture is
     initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise
     the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate or joint venture. When the
     Group’s share of losses of an associate or a joint venture exceeds the Group’s interest in that associate or joint venture
     (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate or
     joint venture), the Group discontinues recognising its share of further losses. Additional losses are recognised only to
     the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate or
     joint venture.

     An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the
     investee becomes an associate or a joint venture. On acquisition of the investment in an associate or a joint venture,
     any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and
     liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any
     excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment,
     after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.

     The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate or a joint venture may
     be impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill)
     is tested for impairment in accordance with HKAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher
     of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognised is not
     allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of
     that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with HKAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the
     investment subsequently increases.

     When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over a joint venture, it is
     accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in the investee with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in
     profit or loss. When the Group retains an interest in the former associate or joint venture and the retained interest
     is a financial asset within the scope of HKFRS 9, the Group measures the retained interest at fair value at that date
     and the fair value is regarded as its fair value on initial recognition. The difference between the carrying amount of the
     associate or joint venture and the fair value of any retained interest and any proceeds from disposing of the relevant
     interest in the associate or joint venture is included in the determination of the gain or loss on disposal of the associate
     or joint venture. In addition, the Group accounts for all amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income
     in relation to that associate or joint venture on the same basis as would be required if that associate or joint venture
     had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. Therefore, if a gain or loss previously recognised in other
     comprehensive income by that associate or joint venture would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the
     related assets or liabilities, the Group reclassifies the gain or loss from equity to profit or loss (as a reclassification
     adjustment) upon disposal/partial disposal of the relevant associate or joint venture.



                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024       75
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     3.   Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
          Investments in associates and joint ventures (continued)
          When a group entity transacts with an associate or a joint venture of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the
          transactions with the associate or joint venture are recognised in the consolidated financial statements only to the
          extent of interest in the associate or joint venture that is not related to the Group.


          Changes in the Group’s interests in associates and joint ventures
          The Group continues to use the equity method when an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint
          venture or an investment in a joint venture becomes an investment in an associate. There is no remeasurement to fair
          value upon such changes in ownership interests.


          When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate or a joint venture but the Group continues to use
          the equity method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or loss that had previously been
          recognised in other comprehensive income relating to that reduction in ownership interest if that gain or loss would be
          reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities.


          Revenue from contracts with customers
          Information about the Group’s accounting policies relating to contracts with customers is provided in note 5.


          Leases
          The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under HKFRS 16 at inception of
          the contract. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently
          changed.


          The Group as a lessee
          Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
          For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the Group
          allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of
          the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.


          The Group applies practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease component, and instead
          accounts for the lease component and any associated non-lease components as a single lease component.


          Right-of-use assets
          The cost of right-of-use asset includes:


          •     the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
          •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;
          •     any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and
          •     an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets, restoring the
                site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions
                of the lease.




76   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



3.   Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
     Leases (continued)
     The Group as a lessee (continued)
     Right-of-use assets (continued)
     Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for
     any remeasurement of lease liabilities.


     Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of their estimated useful lives and the lease
     terms.


     The Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property as a separate line item
     on the consolidated statement of financial position.


     Lease liabilities
     At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the present value
     of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses
     the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily
     determinable.


     The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives
     receivable.


     After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.


     The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.


     Lease modifications
     For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability based
     on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the
     effective date of the modification.


     The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to the relevant
     right-of-use asset.


     Employment benefits
     Short-term employee benefits
     Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid as and
     when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense unless another
     HKFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.


     A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries and annual leave) after
     deducting any amount already paid.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024      77
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     3.   Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
          Share-based payments
          Equity-settled share-based payments transactions
          Share options granted to employees
          Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured at the fair value
          of the equity instruments at the grant date.


          The fair value of the share options determined at the grant date without taking into consideration all non-market vesting
          conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of share options
          that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (employee share-based compensation reserve). At
          the end of the reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of share options expected to vest based
          on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original estimate, if any,
          is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding
          adjustment to the employee share-based compensation reserve.


          When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in employee share-based compensation
          reserve will be transferred to share capital. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or are still not
          exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in employee share-based compensation reserve will be
          transferred to accumulated profits.


          Awarded shares granted to employees
          For grants of awarded shares that are conditional upon satisfying specified vesting conditions, the fair value of services
          received is determined by reference to the fair value of awarded shares at the grant date and is expensed on a straight-
          line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of awarded shares that will eventually vest, with a
          corresponding increase in equity (employee share-based compensation reserve).


          At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of awarded shares that are
          expected to ultimately vest. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss
          such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to equity (employee
          share-based compensation reserve).


          When trustee of the share award scheme purchases the Company’s shares from the open market, the consideration
          paid, including any directly attributable incremental costs, is deducted from total equity and is presented as treasury
          share reserve. No gain or loss is recognised on the transactions of the Company’s own shares.


          When the trustee transfers the Company’s granted shares to grantees upon vesting, the related costs of the granted
          shares vested are reversed from the treasury share reserve and the related expense of the granted shares vested is
          reversed from employee share-based compensation reserve. The difference arising from such transfer is debited/
          credited to accumulated profits.




78   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



3.   Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
     Taxation
     Income tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred income tax expense.


     The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit before tax because
     of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or deductible. The
     Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end
     of the reporting period.


     Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the
     consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit.
     Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally
     recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available
     against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not
     recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets
     and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit and at the time of the
     transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences. In addition, deferred tax liabilities
     are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.


     Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries
     and interests in associates or joint ventures, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary
     difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets
     arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and interests are only recognised
     to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the
     temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.


     The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
     extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be
     recovered.


     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the
     liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively
     enacted by the end of the reporting period.


     The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the
     manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its
     assets and liabilities.


     For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the right-of-use
     assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are attributable to the
     right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.




                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024       79
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     3.   Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
          Taxation (continued)
          For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies HKAS
          12 requirements to the lease liabilities and the related assets separately. The Group recognises a deferred tax assets
          related to lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible
          temporary differences can be utilised and a deferred tax liability for all taxable temporary differences.


          Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against
          current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the same taxation
          authority.


          Current and deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except when it relates to items that are recognised in other
          comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also recognised in other
          comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial
          accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.


          Property, plant and equipment
          Property, plant and equipment including buildings and tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply
          of goods or services, or for administrative purposes (other than construction in progress as described below) are stated
          in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost, less subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent
          accumulated impairment losses, if any.


          Buildings in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are carried at cost, less any
          recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and
          condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management, including costs of testing
          whether the related assets is functioning properly and, for qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalised in accordance
          with the Group’s accounting policy. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets,
          commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.


          When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which include both leasehold land and building
          elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the building elements in proportion to
          the relative fair values at initial recognition. To the extent the allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably,
          interest in leasehold land is presented as “right-of-use assets” in the consolidated statement of financial position.
          When the consideration cannot be allocated reliably between non-lease building element and undivided interest in the
          underlying leasehold land, the entire properties are classified as property, plant and equipment.


          Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets less their residual values over their estimated useful
          lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed
          at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.


          An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are
          expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an item
          of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount
          of the asset and is included in profit or loss.




80   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



3.   Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
     Intangible assets
     Intangible assets acquired separately
     Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation
     and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets with finite useful lives is recognised on a
     straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful lives and amortisation method are reviewed
     at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective
     basis. Intangible assets not yet available for use that are acquired separately are not amortised but tested individually
     for impairment annually and carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.


     Internally-generated intangible assets — research and development expenditure
     Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.


     An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development phase of an
     internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:


     •     the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;
     •     the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;
     •     the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;
     •     how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;
     •     the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use or
           sell the intangible asset; and
     •     the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development.


     The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure incurred from the
     date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no internally-generated intangible
     asset can be recognised, development expenditure is recognised in profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.


     Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible asset are reported at cost less accumulated
     amortisation and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired
     separately.


     Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
     Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and are initially
     recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).


     Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite useful lives are
     reported at cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as
     intangible assets that are acquired separately. Intangible assets acquired in a business combination not yet available
     for use or with indefinite useful lives are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.


     An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from use or
     disposal. Gain and loss arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the difference between the net
     disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, is recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.




                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024   81
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     3.   Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
          Bank deposits, balances and cash
          Bank balances and cash include:


          (a)   cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits, and


          (b)   cash equivalents, which comprises of short-term (generally with original maturity of three months or less), highly
                liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and which are subject to an insignificant
                risk of changes in value and restricted deposits. Cash equivalents are held for the purpose of meeting short-term
                cash commitments rather than for investment or other purposes.


          For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of bank balance and
          cash as defined above.


          Bank balances for which use by the Group is subject to third party contractual restrictions are included as part of
          cash unless the restrictions result in a bank balance no longer meeting the definition of cash. Contractual restrictions
          affecting use of bank balances are disclosed in note 26.


          Inventories
          Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are determined on a weighted
          average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less all estimated costs of
          completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly
          attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the sale.


          Financial instruments
          Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual
          provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised
          on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of
          assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.


          Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising from
          contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with HKFRS 15. Transaction costs that are
          directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets
          or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the
          financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the
          acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or loss.


          The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability and
          of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that
          exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form
          an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected
          life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial
          recognition.




82   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



3.   Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
     Financial instruments (continued)
     Financial assets
     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
     Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:


     •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and
     •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest
           on the principal amount outstanding.


     Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at FVTOCI:


     •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual
           cash flows and selling the financial assets; and
     •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest
           on the principal amount outstanding.


     All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial recognition of a financial asset
     the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in other
     comprehensive income if that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by
     an acquirer in a business combination to which HKFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.


     A financial asset is held for trading if:


     •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or
     •     on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages together
           and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
     •     it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.


     In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at the amortised
     cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.


     (i)   Amortised cost and interest income
           Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently at
           amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount
           of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For
           financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the
           effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the credit
           risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired,
           interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial
           asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-
           impaired.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024       83
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     3.   Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
          Financial instruments (continued)
          Financial assets (continued)
          Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)
          (ii)    Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI
                  Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains and losses
                  arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in other reserve;
                  and are not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss
                  on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to accumulated profits.


                  Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s right to
                  receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the
                  investment. Dividends are included in the “other income” line item in profit or loss.


          (iii)   Financial assets at FVTPL
                  Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or designated as
                  FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.


                  Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair value gains
                  or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss excludes any dividend or
                  interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the “other gains and losses” line item.


          Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9
          The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial assets (including
          trade receivables, other receivables, bills receivables, amounts due from related companies and joint ventures, bank
          deposits, pledged and restricted bank deposits and bank balances) which are subject to impairment assessment
          under HKFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial
          recognition.


          Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the relevant
          instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result
          from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessment is done based on the
          Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic
          conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future
          conditions.


          The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables and trade receivables due from related companies.


          For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when there has been
          a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The
          assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a
          default occurring since initial recognition.




84   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



3.   Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
     Financial instruments (continued)
     Financial assets (continued)
     Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (continued)
     (i)    Significant increase in credit risk
            In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the
            risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring
            on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers
            both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience
            and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.


            In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased
            significantly:


            •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or internal
                  credit rating;
            •     significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in the credit
                  spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;
            •     existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to
                  cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;
            •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and
            •     an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological environment
                  of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.


            Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group has reasonable and supportable information to
            rebut the presumption that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition
            when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due.


            The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a significant
            increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying
            significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.


     (ii)   Definition of default
            For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information developed
            internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the
            Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).


            Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than 90
            days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging
            default criterion is more appropriate.




                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024      85
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     3.   Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
          Financial instruments (continued)
          Financial assets (continued)
          Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (continued)
          (iii) Credit-impaired financial assets
                A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated
                future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes
                observable data about the following events:

                 (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;
                 (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;
                 (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial
                       difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider;
                 (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or
                 (e)   the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.

          (iv)   Write-off policy
                 The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe
                 financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the counterparty has been
                 placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of trade receivables and
                 trade receivables due from related companies, when the amounts are over two years past due, whichever occurs
                 sooner. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery
                 procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event.
                 Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.

          (v)    Measurement and recognition of ECL
                 The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of the
                 loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given
                 default is based on historical data and forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and
                 probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.
                 The Group uses a practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables using a provision matrix taking into
                 consideration historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward looking information that is available without
                 undue cost or effort.

                 Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance
                 with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate
                 determined at initial recognition.

                 Lifetime ECL for certain trade receivables are considered based on provision matrix taking into consideration past
                 due information and relevant credit information such as forward looking macroeconomic information.

                 Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset
                 is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of the financial asset.

                 The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting their
                 carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables and trade receivables due from related companies,
                 where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.




86   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



3.   Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
     Financial instruments (continued)
     Financial assets (continued)
     Derecognition of financial assets
     The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or
     when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another
     entity.


     On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying amount
     and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.


     On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition to measure
     at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the other reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss,
     but is transferred to accumulated profits.


     Financial liabilities and equity
     Classification as debt or equity
     Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of
     the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.


     Equity instruments
     An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of
     its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue
     costs.


     Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity. No gain or loss is
     recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity instruments.


     Financial liabilities
     All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method or at FVTPL.


     Financial liabilities at amortised cost
     Financial liabilities (including trade payables, other payables, bills payables, amounts due to related companies and
     joint ventures and bank borrowings) are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.


     Derecognition of financial liabilities
     The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled or
     have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration
     paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024      87
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     4.   Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty
          In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the Directors are required to make
          estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
          sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are
          considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


          The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
          recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the
          revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.


          The followings are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the
          end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
          assets within the next financial year.


          Provision of ECL for trade receivables
          Trade receivables with major customers and credit-impaired are assessed for ECL individually.


          In addition, the Group uses practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables which are not assessed
          individually using a provision matrix. The provision rates are based on debtors’ aging as groupings of various debtors
          taking into consideration the Group’s historical default rates and forward-looking information that is reasonable and
          supportable available without undue costs or effort. At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are
          reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information are considered.


          As at 31 December 2024, the carrying amount of trade receivables amounting to RMB5,160,672,000 (2023:
          RMB5,869,223,000) were net of impairment allowance under ECL model. The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes
          in estimates. The information about the ECL is disclosed in note 39.


          Estimated impairment assessment of intangible assets not yet available for use
          For intangible assets not yet available for use, the Group would assess the assets individually for impairment annually.
          In determining whether an asset is impaired, the Group has to exercise judgment and make estimation, particularly
          in assessing: (1) whether an event has occurred or any indicators that may affect the asset value; (2) whether the
          carrying value of an asset can be supported by the recoverable amount, in the case of value in use, the net present
          value of future cash flows which are estimated based upon the continued use of the asset; and (3) the appropriate key
          assumptions to be applied in estimating the recoverable amounts including cash flow projections and an appropriate
          discount rate. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Group estimates
          the recoverable amount of the CGU to which the assets belong, including allocation of corporate assets when a
          reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, otherwise recoverable amount is determined at
          the smallest group of cash generating units, for which the relevant corporate assets have been allocated. Changing
          the assumptions and estimates, including the discount rates or the growth rate in the cash flow projections, could
          materially affect the recoverable amounts.


          As at 31 December 2024, the carrying amounts of intangible assets not yet available for use amounted to
          RMB1,262,135,000 (2023: RMB1,406,354,000). The information of the assessment of impairment of intangible assets
          not yet available for use is disclosed in note 17.




88   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



5.   Revenue and Segment Information

                                                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000

     Sale of goods                                                                                28,991,423         31,415,409
     Licence fee income                                                                                17,831             34,700

                                                                                                  29,009,254         31,450,109


     Information reported to executive directors, being the chief operating decision maker, for the purposes of resource
     allocation and assessment of segment performance focuses on types of goods delivered.


     The Group’s reportable segments are as follows:


     (a)   Finished drugs — research and development, manufacture and sale of pharmaceutical products and licence fee
           income;


     (b)   Bulk products — manufacture and sale of vitamin C, and antibiotic products in bulk powder form; and


     (c)   Functional food and others — manufacture and sale of functional food products (including caffeine food
           additives, anhydrous glucose, acarbose and vitamin C buccal tablets), provision of healthcare service and others.


     Sale of goods
     Revenue is recognised at a point in time upon control of the goods has transferred, being when the goods have been
     delivered to the customer’s specific location. Following delivery, the customer bears the risks of obsolescence and loss
     in relation to the goods. The normal credit term is 90 days upon delivery.


     The transaction price received by the Group is recognised as a contract liability until the goods have been delivered to
     the customer.


     As at 31 December 2024, all outstanding sales contracts are expected to be fulfilled within one year.


     Licence fee income
     The Group provides licence of its patented intellectual property (“IP”) or commercialisation licence to customers and
     revenue is recognized when the customers obtain rights to access or use the underlying IP or licence. Licence fee
     income is recognized at a point in time upon the customer obtains control of IP.


     The consideration for licence comprises a fixed element (the upfront payment) and variable elements (including but not
     limited to development milestones and royalties).


     For licence associated with customers’ right to use, upfront fee received is recorded under contract liabilities and
     recognized as revenue only when customers have ability to use the licence and variable consideration is recognized
     only to the extent that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the
     future.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024       89
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     5.   Revenue and Segment Information (continued)
          Segment revenues and results
          The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by operating and reportable segments.

          For the year ended 31 December 2024

                                                                                          Functional
                                                Finished        Bulk products              food and      Segment
                                                   drugs    Vitamin C     Antibiotics        others         total    Eliminations Consolidated
                                                RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

          SEGMENT REVENUE
          External sales                       23,718,326   1,994,256      1,588,907       1,689,934    28,991,423             –      28,991,423
          Inter-segment sales                           –      36,478        183,575         174,697       394,750      (394,750)              –
          Licence fee income                       17,831           –              –               –        17,831             –          17,831

          TOTAL REVENUE                        23,736,157   2,030,734      1,772,482       1,864,631    29,404,004      (394,750)     29,009,254

          SEGMENT PROFIT                        4,827,585    211,279            299,175     305,291      5,643,330                     5,643,330

          Unallocated income                                                                                                             279,966
          Unallocated expenses                                                                                                          (211,423)
          Share of results of associates                                                                                                 (45,922)
          Share of results of joint ventures                                                                                             (43,552)
          Finance costs                                                                                                                  (43,673)

          Profit before tax                                                                                                            5,578,726

          For the year ended 31 December 2023

                                                                                           Functional
                                                                Bulk products
                                                 Finished                                   food and     Segment
                                                    drugs   Vitamin C      Antibiotics         others       total     Eliminations   Consolidated
                                                RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000

          SEGMENT REVENUE
          External sales                       25,602,434   1,929,406      1,711,922       2,171,647    31,415,409             –      31,415,409
          Inter-segment sales                           –      11,960        299,812         300,250       612,022      (612,022)              –
          Licence fee income                       34,700           –              –               –        34,700             –          34,700

          TOTAL REVENUE                        25,637,134   1,941,366      2,011,734       2,471,897    32,062,131      (612,022)     31,450,109

          SEGMENT PROFIT                        6,699,897       4,950           154,346     561,525      7,420,718                     7,420,718

          Unallocated income                                                                                                             414,636
          Unallocated expenses                                                                                                          (398,751)
          Share of results of associates                                                                                                  (41,065)
          Share of results of joint ventures                                                                                              (13,131)
          Gain on deemed disposal of partial
             interests in an associate                                                                                                     32,861
          Finance costs                                                                                                                   (25,896)

          Profit before tax                                                                                                            7,389,372




90   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



5.   Revenue and Segment Information (continued)
     Segment revenues and results (continued)
     Segment profit represents the profit earned by each segment without allocation of interest income, fair value changes
     on structured bank deposits, fair value changes on financial assets measured at FVTPL, central administrative
     expenses, share of results of associates and joint ventures, gain on deemed disposal of partial interests in an associate
     and finance costs. This is the measure reported to the executive directors for the purposes of resource allocation and
     performance assessment.


     Inter-segment sales are charged at prevailing market rates.


     The executive directors make decisions according to operating results of each segment. No analysis of segment asset
     and segment liability is presented as the executive directors do not regularly review such information for the purposes
     of resources allocation and performance assessment. Therefore, only segment revenue and segment results are
     presented.


     Other segment information
     For the year ended 31 December 2024


                                                      Bulk products             Functional
                                      Finished                                   food and     Segment
                                        drugs     Vitamin C      Antibiotics        others        total    Unallocated Consolidated
                                     RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000

     Depreciation and amortisation   1,013,265      169,352            81,575       65,351    1,329,543          9,907      1,339,450


     For the year ended 31 December 2023


                                                                                 Functional
                                       Finished        Bulk products              food and     Segment
                                         drugs     Vitamin C      Antibiotics       others         total    Unallocated   Consolidated
                                      RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000

     Depreciation and amortisation    802,101       154,794            76,625       74,107    1,107,627          9,863      1,117,490




                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024         91
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     5.   Revenue and Segment Information (continued)
          Geographical information
          Revenue from the external customers by geographical market (irrespective of the origin of the goods) based on the
          location of customers is presented below:


                                                                                                          2024            2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

          Mainland China                                                                            25,106,726      27,183,715
          Other Asian regions                                                                        1,182,318       1,582,878
          Europe                                                                                     1,313,288       1,276,883
          North America                                                                                853,042         881,801
          Others                                                                                       553,880         524,832

                                                                                                    29,009,254      31,450,109


          The Group’s operations are substantially based in Mainland China and substantially all non-current assets of the Group
          are located in Mainland China. Therefore, no further analysis of geographical information is presented.


          None of the Group’s customers contributed over 10% of the total revenue of the Group for both years.


     6.   Finance Costs

                                                                                                          2024            2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

          Interest on discounted bills receivables                                                      36,028            9,905
          Interest on lease liabilities                                                                   7,636         13,635
          Interest on bank borrowings                                                                         9           2,356

                                                                                                        43,673          25,896




92   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



7.   Profit for the Year

                                                                                                             2024                2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000

     Profit for the year has been arrived at after charging/(crediting):
     Staff costs, including directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration
     — salaries, wages and other benefits                                                               4,001,063          4,230,760
     — contribution to retirement benefit schemes                                                         193,978            241,560
     — employee share-based compensation expenses (note a)                                                210,454            235,092

     Total staff costs                                                                                  4,405,495          4,707,412

     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                      1,023,305            867,252
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                  163,768            164,077
     Depreciation of investment property                                                                     3,305              3,305
     Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                    149,072              82,856

     Total depreciation and amortisation                                                                1,339,450          1,117,490

     Auditor’s remuneration                                                                                  7,461              7,493
     Government grant income (included in other income) (note 34)                                        (128,772)           (215,702)
     Impairment losses recognised under ECL model (included in other gains or losses)                      16,304              18,412
     Impairment losses recognised on intangible assets
           (included in other gains or losses)                                                                    –            42,315
     Interest income on bank deposits and balances (included in other income)                            (232,497)           (259,881)
     Fair value loss on financial assets measured at FVTPL
           (included in other gains or losses)                                                            151,936            210,712
     Fair value gain on structured bank deposits (included in other gains or losses)                       (47,470)           (87,228)
     Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment
           (included in other gains or losses)                                                             23,398              22,226
     Net foreign exchange gains (included in other gains or losses)                                        (19,789)          (102,531)

     Notes:

     (a)      The amount mainly included employee share-based compensation expenses of RMB12,052,000 (2023: RMB42,030,000)
              in respect of share options and share awards granted by the Company and RMB198,319,000 (2023: RMB193,952,000) in
              respect of share awards granted by a shareholder of the Company involving the existing shares of the Company held by the
              shareholder.

     (b)      Cost of inventories recognised as an expense approximated cost of sales as shown in the consolidated income statement for
              both years.




                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024       93
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     8.   Income Tax Expense

                                                                                                                     2024       2023
                                                                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000

          Current taxation:
            — PRC Corporate Income Tax (“PRC CIT”)                                                          1,191,896       1,279,724
            — PRC withholding tax on dividends distributed by subsidiaries                                    253,000        136,017
            — Overseas taxation                                                                                  6,095        11,250

                                                                                                            1,450,991       1,426,991
          Deferred taxation (note 33)                                                                         (211,090)      (110,312)

                                                                                                            1,239,901       1,316,679


          No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made as the Group did not have any assessable profits arising in or
          derived from Hong Kong for both years.


          The standard tax rate of the Company’s PRC subsidiaries is 25% under the law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the
          “EIT Law”) and implementation regulations of the EIT Law. Certain subsidiaries of the Company are qualified as High
          and New Technology Enterprises, and they are subject to a preferential tax rate of 15% up to 2027.


          Under the EIT Law, dividends distributed by a company established in the PRC to foreign investor with respect to
          profits earned from 1 January 2008 onwards are subject to a withholding tax of 10%. The tax rate will be reduced to 5%
          if such foreign investors meet certain conditions specified in the relevant tax regulations.


          Taxation arising in other jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing in relevant jurisdictions.


          The Group is operating in one of the jurisdictions where the Pillar Two Rules is effective. As the Group’s estimated
          effective tax rates of such in-effect jurisdiction in which the Group operates is higher than 15%, after taking into
          account the adjustments under the Global Anti-base Erosion Rules based on management’s best estimate, the
          management of the Group considered the Group is not liable to top-up tax under the Pillar Two Rules.




94   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



8.   Income Tax Expense (continued)
     The income tax expense for the year can be reconciled to the profit before tax per the consolidated income statement
     as follows:


                                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000

     Profit before tax                                                                      5,578,726         7,389,372

     Tax at the PRC CIT rate of 25%                                                         1,394,682         1,847,343
     Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                                    279,614           336,924
     Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                                                –           (12,652)
     Tax effect of share of results of associates                                               11,480            10,266
     Tax effect of share of results of joint ventures                                           10,888             3,283
     Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                                         (84,894)           (7,083)
     Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                                  741,671           362,922
     Effect of tax relief and concessions granted to certain PRC subsidiaries               (1,216,250)       (1,358,863)
     PRC withholding tax on dividends of subsidiaries                                         102,710           134,539

     Income tax expense for the year                                                        1,239,901         1,316,679


     Details of deferred taxation and unused tax losses are set out in note 33.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024     95
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     9.   Directors’ Emoluments
          The emoluments paid or payable to the directors of the Company during the year are as follows:


                                                                            Employee                    Contributions
                                                               Salaries   share-based    Performance-   to retirement
                                                                   and compensation           related         benefit
          2024                                      Fees    allowances    expenses (i)       bonuses        schemes        Total
                                                 RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000

          Executive directors:
          Cai Dongchen                                58         6,004          4,259               –            552      10,873
          Zhang Cuilong                               58           693          1,893               –             92       2,736
          Wang Zhenguo                                58           693            710               –             92       1,553
          Pan Weidong                                 58           678            710               –             99       1,545
          Wang Huaiyu                                 58           693            710               –              –       1,461
          Li Chunlei                                  58           705          1,420               –             92       2,275
          Wang Qingxi (ii)                            23           779          1,954               –            111       2,867
          Chak Kin Man (ii)                           23           830            710               –             83       1,646
          Jiang Hao (iii)                             53           660            710               –             85       1,508
          Yao Bing (iv)                               34           420            871               –             48       1,373
          Cai Xin (iv)                                34           395              –               –             54        483
          Chen Weiping (v)                             4            60             41               –              4        109

          Independent non-executive directors:
          Wang Bo                                    144             –              –               –              –        144
          Chen Chuan                                 144             –              –               –              –        144
          Wang Hongguang                             144             –              –               –              –        144
          Au Chun Kwok Alan                          345             –              –               –              –        345
          Law Cheuk Kin Stephen                      288             –              –               –              –        288
          Li Quan                                    144             –              –               –              –        144

                                                   1,728        12,610         13,988               –          1,312      29,638




96   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



9.   Directors’ Emoluments (continued)

                                                                                   Employee                      Contributions
                                                                     Salaries    share-based     Performance-    to retirement
                                                                         and    compensation           related         benefit
     2023                                             Fees         allowances     expenses (i)       bonuses         schemes        Total
                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000

     Executive directors:
     Cai Dongchen                                       57             4,539            8,161         13,503              419     26,679
     Zhang Cuilong                                      57               693            3,627          9,002               93     13,472
     Wang Zhenguo                                       57               693            1,360          2,701               93      4,904
     Pan Weidong                                        57               695            1,360           2,701             108      4,921
     Wang Huaiyu                                        57               693            1,360           3,601              26      5,737
     Li Chunlei                                         57               704            2,720           5,851              88      9,420
     Wang Qingxi                                        57             1,850            4,346           1,080             106      7,439
     Chak Kin Man                                       57             2,128            1,360           2,521             196      6,262
     Jiang Hao                                          57               720            1,360           1,800              85      4,022

     Independent non-executive directors:
     Wang Bo                                           142                 –                –               –               –        142
     Chen Chuan                                        142                 –                –               –               –        142
     Wang Hongguang                                    142                 –                –               –               –        142
     Au Chun Kwok Alan                                 340                 –                –               –               –        340
     Law Cheuk Kin Stephen                             284                 –                –               –               –        284
     Li Quan                                           142                 –                –               –               –        142

                                                     1,705            12,715          25,654          42,760            1,214     84,048

     Notes:

     (i)      The amount represents the fair value of share options granted by the Company and share awards granted by a shareholder
              recognised in the consolidated income statement during the year.

     (ii)     Retired as an executive director on 28 May 2024.

     (iii)    Resigned as an executive director on 6 December 2024.

     (iv)     Appointed as an executive director on 29 May 2024.

     (v)      Appointed as an executive director on 6 December 2024.


     Directors’ emoluments comprise payments to directors by the Company and its subsidiaries in connection with the
     management of the affairs of the Company and its subsidiaries.


     The performance-related incentive payment was determined by the remuneration committee having regard to the
     performance of the Group, performance and responsibilities of individuals as well as prevailing market practices.
     No remuneration was paid by the Group to the directors as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as
     compensation for loss of office. In addition, no Director has waived any emoluments in both years.




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024     97
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     10. Five Highest Paid Employees
          The five highest paid employees of the Group included one (2023: five) director of the Company, details of whose
          emoluments are set out in note 9 above. The emoluments of the remaining four (2023: nil) highest paid employees in
          2024 are as follows:


                                                                                                                       2024
                                                                                                                  RMB’000

          Salaries, wages and other benefits                                                                          5,971
          Contributions to retirement benefit schemes                                                                   351
          Employee share-based compensation expenses                                                                 12,654

                                                                                                                     18,976


          The emoluments of the remaining four employees, including employee share-based compensation benefits, were
          within the following bands:


                                                                                                                       2024

          HK$4,500,001 to HK$5,000,000                                                                                    2
          HK$5,000,001 to HK$5,500,000                                                                                    1
          HK$6,000,001 to HK$6,500,000                                                                                    1

                                                                                                                          4


          No emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the five highest paid employees as an inducement to join or upon
          joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office in both years.




98   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



11. Earnings Per Share
    The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share is as follows:


                                                                                               2024              2023

    Profit attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)                                4,328,035         5,873,325

    Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of basic
      earnings per share (in ’000)                                                       11,738,041       11,872,021
    Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
      Share options and share awards (in ’000)                                                     2            1,010

    Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of diluted
      earnings per share (in ’000)                                                       11,738,043       11,873,031


    The weighted average number of ordinary shares for the calculation of basic earnings per share for both years have
    been adjusted for the shares held by the trustee pursuant to the share award scheme of the Company.


12. Dividends

                                                                                               2024              2023
                                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000

    Dividends recognised as distribution during the year:
    Interim dividend paid:
      2024: HK16 cents (approximately RMB14.7 cents)
         (2023: HK14 cents (approximately RMB12.8 cents)) per share                       1,716,637         1,529,135
    Final dividend paid:
      2023: HK14 cents (approximately RMB13 cents)
         (2022: HK11 cents (approximately RMB10.1 cents)) per share                       1,540,544         1,207,225
    Less: dividend for shares held by share award scheme                                     (23,366)         (10,107)

                                                                                          3,233,815         2,726,253


    Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, a final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2024 of
    HK10 cents per share has been proposed by the Directors and is subject to approval by the shareholders in the
    forthcoming general meeting. This proposed dividend has not yet been recognized as a liability in the consolidated
    financial statements.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024     99
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      13. Property, Plant And Equipment

                                                                               Furniture,
                                                              Plant and     fixtures and      Motor      Construction
                                               Buildings     machinery        equipment     vehicles      in progress       Total
                                               RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000

           COST
           At 1 January 2023                   4,639,272      6,809,149         487,437       20,595        2,244,922    14,201,375
           Additions                              37,584        179,104           84,289        7,057       1,555,246     1,863,280
           Transfers                             712,330      1,677,655         163,676           202      (2,553,863)            –
           Disposals                               (1,320)     (195,763)         (36,660)      (3,393)              –      (237,136)
           Exchange adjustments                       716           547               15           23               –         1,301

           At 31 December 2023                 5,388,582      8,470,692         698,757       24,484        1,246,305    15,828,820
           Additions                              49,814        273,710          28,253        6,078        1,746,162     2,104,017
           Transfers                             186,365        512,431          58,904            –         (757,700)            –
           Disposals                             (60,726)       (93,332)         (34,080)     (3,346)               –      (191,484)
           Exchange adjustments                      964            211               26          20                –         1,221

           At 31 December 2024                 5,564,999      9,163,712         751,860       27,236        2,234,767    17,742,574
           DEPRECIATION
           At 1 January 2023                   1,276,251      3,073,293         251,521       18,250                –     4,619,315
           Provided for the year                 226,740        551,243           86,769        2,500               –       867,252
           Disposals                                  (20)       (50,427)        (21,986)      (2,485)              –        (74,918)
           Exchange adjustments                      320             222              13           17               –            572

           At 31 December 2023                 1,503,291      3,574,331         316,317       18,282                –     5,412,221
           Provided for the year                 251,465        670,867          98,744        2,229                –     1,023,305
           Disposals                              (1,769)       (34,914)        (30,500)        (981)               –       (68,164)
           Exchange adjustments                      631            110              22            7                –           770

           At 31 December 2024                 1,753,618      4,210,394         384,583       19,537                –     6,368,132

           CARRYING VALUES
           At 31 December 2024                 3,811,381      4,953,318         367,277        7,699        2,234,767    11,374,442

           At 31 December 2023                 3,885,291      4,896,361         382,440        6,202        1,246,305    10,416,599


           The Group has obtained the formal title for all buildings in the PRC except for buildings with carrying amount of
           RMB307,957,000 (2023: RMB312,645,000) being in the process of obtaining.

           The above items of property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, after taking account their
           residual values, are depreciated on a straight-line basis at the following useful life or rates per annum:

           Buildings                                         Over the shorter of the lease term or 20 to 25 years
           Plant and machinery                               5% – 10%
           Furniture, fixtures and equipment                 20% – 33.33%
           Motor vehicles                                    20%




100   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



14. Right-of-use Assets

                                                                                                                 Land and
                                                                                                                 buildings
                                                                                                                  RMB’000

    CARRYING AMOUNT
    As at 1 January 2023                                                                                         1,394,859
    Additions                                                                                                           247
    Disposals                                                                                                        (6,430)
    Depreciation provided for the year                                                                            (164,077)
    Exchange adjustments                                                                                              1,694

    As at 31 December 2023                                                                                       1,226,293
    Additions                                                                                                       64,751
    Depreciation provided for the year                                                                            (163,768)
    Exchange adjustments                                                                                              1,182

    As at 31 December 2024                                                                                       1,128,458


                                                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000

    Total cash outflows for leases                                                               254,626           156,172


    The Group has entered into contracts to lease certain land and buildings for its operations for a fixed term of one year
    to twenty years. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and
    conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the
    definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.


    In addition, lease liabilities of RMB115,126,000 (2023: RMB256,685,000) are recognised with related right-of-use
    assets of RMB105,866,000 as at 31 December 2024 (2023: RMB243,520,000). The lease agreements do not impose
    any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not
    be used as security for borrowing purposes.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024      101
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      15. Investment Property

                                                                                                                            RMB’000

           COST
           At 1 January 2023, 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2024                                                           72,653

           DEPRECIATION
           At 1 January 2023                                                                                                   9,916
           Provided for the year                                                                                               3,305

           At 31 December 2023                                                                                                13,221
           Provided for the year                                                                                               3,305

           At 31 December 2024                                                                                                16,526

           CARRYING VALUES
           At 31 December 2024                                                                                                56,127

           At 31 December 2023                                                                                                59,432


           The investment property is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of lease terms of the leasehold land or 5%
           per annum.


           The fair value of the investment property at 31 December 2024 was approximately RMB110,986,000 (2023:
           RMB110,986,000). The fair value was determined by the Directors with reference to recent market evidence of
           transaction prices for similar properties in similar locations and conditions. In estimating the fair value at level 3
           hierarchy of the property, the highest and best use of the property is its current use.




102   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



16. Goodwill

                                                                                                                                   RMB’000

    COST
    At 1 January 2023, 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2024                                                                         234,904


    For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill has been allocated to four individual CGUs as at 31 December 2024
    (2023: four). The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to these units is as follows:


                                                                                                                   2024                 2023
                                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000

    Ouyi Group (note a)                                                                                          82,172               82,172
    Yong Shun Group (note b)                                                                                     48,212               48,212
    Zhifan Group (note c)                                                                                        71,608               71,608
    Others (note a)                                                                                              32,912               32,912

                                                                                                                234,904              234,904

    Notes:

    (a)      The recoverable amounts of Ouyi (as defined in note 43) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “Ouyi Group”), and
             others have been determined based on value-in-use calculations with certain key assumptions. The calculations use cash flow
             projections based on financial forecasts approved by management and pre-tax discount rates of 14% to 16% (2023: 14% to
             15%). Cash flows beyond the forecasted period are extrapolated using a steady 2% growth rate (2023: 2%). These growth
             rates are based on the relevant industry growth forecasts and do not exceed the average long-term growth rate for the relevant
             industry. Other key assumptions include forecast sales based on past performance and management’s expectation of the
             market development.

    (b)      The recoverable amount of Yong Shun Technology Development Limited (“Yong Shun”) and its subsidiaries (collectively
             referred to as “Yong Shun Group”) has been determined based on value-in-use calculation with certain key assumptions.
             The calculation uses cash flow projection based on financial forecast approved by management and pre-tax discount rate
             of 17% (2023: 19%). Cash flows beyond the forecasted period are extrapolated using a steady 2% growth rate (2023: 2%).
             This growth rate is based on the relevant industry growth forecasts and does not exceed the average long-term growth rate
             for the relevant industry. Other key assumptions include forecast sales based on management’s expectations of the market
             development. The Directors believe that any reasonably possible changes in any of these assumptions would not cause the
             carrying amount to exceed the recoverable amount.

    (c)      The recoverable amount of Zhuhai Zhifan Enterprise Management Consultancy Centre (Limited Partnership) (“Zhuhai Zhifan”)
             and its subsidiary (collectively referred to as “Zhifan Group”) has been determined based on value-in-use calculation with certain
             key assumptions. The calculation uses cash flow projection based on financial forecast approved by management and pre-tax
             discount rate of 17% (2023: 18%). Cash flows beyond the forecasted period are extrapolated using a steady 2% growth rate
             (2023: 2%). This growth rate is based on the relevant industry growth forecasts and does not exceed the average long-term
             growth rate for the relevant industry. Other key assumptions include forecast sales based on management’s expectations of
             the market development.


    The Directors considered that there was no impairment of any of its CGUs containing goodwill for the years ended 31
    December 2023 and 2024.




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024         103
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      17. Intangible Assets

                                                                               Research and             Product
                                                             Development        development        licences and
                                                                    costs           projects            patents              Total
                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000
           COST
           At 1 January 2023                                       186,528          1,243,688            899,299          2,329,515
           Additions                                                18,078                  –            397,354            415,432
           Written-off                                                   –                  –                  –                  –
           Exchange adjustments                                         10                  –                532                542

           At 31 December 2023                                     204,616          1,243,688          1,297,185          2,745,489
           Additions                                                41,676                  –            518,404            560,080
           Written-off                                                (274)                 –                  –               (274)
           Exchange adjustments                                          5                  –                476                481
           At 31 December 2024                                     246,023          1,243,688          1,816,065          3,305,776
           AMORTISATION AND IMPAIRMENT
           At 1 January 2023                                       150,714              24,316           246,373            421,403
           Provided for the year                                     1,367              33,572            47,917             82,856
           Impairment loss recognised                                    –                   –            42,315             42,315
           Exchange adjustments                                          1                   –               365                366

           At 31 December 2023                                     152,082              57,888           336,970            546,940
           Provided for the year                                     2,236              88,411            58,425            149,072
           Written-off                                                 (96)                  –                 –                (96)
           Exchange adjustments                                          1                   –               353                354
           At 31 December 2024                                     154,223            146,299            395,748            696,270
           CARRYING VALUES
           At 31 December 2024                                       91,800         1,097,389          1,420,317          2,609,506
           At 31 December 2023                                       52,534         1,185,800            960,215          2,198,549

           Development costs mainly represent costs internally generated or techniques acquired from third parties for the
           development of products and production technology while the research and development projects are acquired
           through business combination. The product licences and patents represent consideration paid by the Group for
           obtaining product licences and patents of drugs or drug candidates.

           During the year ended 31 December 2023, the management of the Group concluded there was indication of negative
           changes in the market conditions of an intangible asset with finite useful live and recognised an impairment loss
           of RMB42,315,000 after conducting an impairment test. The recoverable amounts of these intangible assets of
           RMB33,713,000 was determined based on value-in-use calculations. The calculations used cash flow projections
           based on financial forecast approved by management covering useful lives and pre-tax discount rate of 18%.

           The management determined that there is no impairment on the development costs and research and development
           projects not yet available for use and believes that any reasonably possible change in any of the key assumptions
           would not cause the recoverable amounts to be lower than their carrying amounts.

           Except for certain intangible assets not yet available for use, the above intangible assets having finite useful lives are
           amortised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives:

           Development costs                                   1 to 10 years
           Research and development projects                   3 to 15 years
           Product licences and patents                        3 to 10 years

104   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



18. Interests in Associates

                                                                                                 2024             2023
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000

    Cost of investments in associates                                                        922,675           842,675
    Share of post-acquisition reserves                                                       (107,581)          (56,590)

                                                                                             815,094           786,085


    The associates are accounted for using equity method in the consolidated financial statements. The interests in
    associate included listed investments with a fair value of approximately RMB414,703,000 (2023: RMB436,224,000)
    which was determined based on the quoted market bid price available on the stock exchange of Hong Kong multiplied
    by the quantity of shares held by the Group. As at 31 December 2023 and 2024, there is no individual associate
    material to the Group.


    Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material:


                                                                                                 2024             2023
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000

    The Group’s share of losses and total comprehensive expense                                45,922            41,065


19. Interests in Joint Ventures

                                                                                                 2024             2023
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000

    Cost of investments in joint ventures                                                    719,611           626,611
    Share of post-acquisition reserves                                                         (7,812)           55,740

                                                                                             711,799           682,351


    The joint ventures are accounted for using equity method in the consolidated financial statements. As at 31 December
    2023 and 2024, there is no individual joint venture material to the Group.


    Aggregate information of joint ventures that are not individually material:


                                                                                                 2024             2023
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000

    The Group’s share of losses and total comprehensive expense                               (43,552)          (13,131)
    Unrecognised share of losses of the joint ventures for the year                            (3,126)           (2,843)
    Cumulative unrecognised share of losses of the joint ventures                             (57,848)          (54,722)




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024     105
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      20. Other Financial Assets

                                                                                                                       2024                 2023
                                                                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000

           Unlisted investments in partnerships and funds                                                        1,578,184            1,593,287
           Listed equity securities                                                                                519,895               88,236
           Unlisted equity securities                                                                              402,146              705,636

                                                                                                                 2,500,225            2,387,159

           Analysed as:
             Financial assets measured at FVTPL                                                                  1,789,816            1,661,791
             Financial assets measured at FVTOCI (note)                                                            710,409              725,368

                                                                                                                 2,500,225            2,387,159

           Analysed as:
             Current                                                                                               166,105                      –
             Non-current                                                                                         2,334,120            2,387,159

                                                                                                                 2,500,225            2,387,159

           Note:

           The above investments are mainly focused on the healthcare industry. The Directors have elected to designate these investments to
           be measured at FVTOCI as they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations in these investments’ fair value in profit or loss would
           not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding these investments for long-term purposes and realising their performance
           potential in the long run.


           The Directors consider that the Group does not have any control nor significant influence to affect the variable returns
           through its investment in those enterprises.


           In the current year, the Group received RMB42,092,000 (2023: RMB54,277,000) upon distribution by the partnerships
           and funds.




106   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



21. Inventories

                                                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000

    Raw materials                                                                               830,887            922,634
    Work in progress                                                                            204,304            251,966
    Finished goods                                                                             2,094,823         1,964,064

                                                                                               3,130,014         3,138,664


    The inventories are net of a provision of RMB4,295,000 as at 31 December 2024 (2023: RMB4,295,000).


22. Trade Receivables

                                                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000

    Trade receivables                                                                          5,219,113         5,911,360
    Less: allowance for ECL                                                                      (58,441)           (42,137)

                                                                                               5,160,672         5,869,223


    As at 1 January 2023, trade receivables (net of allowance under ECL model) from contracts with customers amounted
    to RMB3,937,967,000.


    The Group allows a general credit period of 90 days to its trade customers. The following is an ageing analysis of trade
    receivables (net of allowance under ECL model) at the end of the reporting period presented based on the invoice
    dates which approximated the respective revenue recognition dates:


                                                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000

    0 to 90 days                                                                               4,322,517         5,272,089
    91 to 180 days                                                                              672,925            564,976
    181 to 365 days                                                                             147,431             29,364
    More than 365 days                                                                            17,799              2,794

                                                                                               5,160,672         5,869,223


    Trade receivables with aggregate carrying amount of RMB838,155,000 (2023: RMB597,134,000) are past due as at
    the reporting date. Out of the past due balances, RMB165,230,000 (2023: RMB32,158,000) has been past due 90
    days or more and is not considered as in default because there has not been significant change in credit quality and the
    amounts are still considered recoverable. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over
    these balances nor does it have a legal right of offset against any amounts owed by the Group to the counterparty.


    Details of impairment assessment of trade receivables are set out in note 39.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024      107
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      23. Deposits, Prepayments and Other Receivables

                                                                                                            2024           2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000

           Prepayments for raw materials and research and development expenses                           207,080        175,305
           Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment
             and right-of-use assets                                                                     576,100        619,077
           Other taxes recoverable                                                                       362,346        210,162
           Others                                                                                        317,633        287,188

                                                                                                       1,463,159      1,291,732

           Analysed as:
             Current                                                                                     887,059        672,655
             Non-current                                                                                 576,100        619,077

                                                                                                       1,463,159      1,291,732


      24. Bills Receivables
           The bills receivables of the Group are with a maturity period of less than 365 days (2023: less than 365 days) and
           not yet due at the end of the reporting period. The management considers the default risk is low based on historical
           information, experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost of effort.


           As at 31 December 2024, the amount include RMB2,421,294,000 (2023: RMB2,211,169,000) of bills receivables
           measured at FVTOCI.


           As at 31 December 2024, bills receivables of the Group of RMB364,204,000 (2023: RMB441,266,000) were
           discounted to banks on a full recourse basis. As the Group has not transferred the significant risks and rewards, it
           continues to recognise the full carrying amount and has recognised the cash received of RMB364,204,000 (2023:
           RMB441,266,000) from the discount of bills receivables as borrowings as disclosed in note 30.


           As at 31 December 2024, bills receivables of the Group of RMB412,458,000 (2023: RMB413,321,000) were
           endorsed to suppliers on a full recourse basis. As the Group has not transferred the significant risks and rewards, it
           continues to recognise the full carrying amount and has recognised the trade payable of RMB412,458,000 (2023:
           RMB413,321,000) as included in note 27.


      25. Structured Bank Deposits
           The structured bank deposits carry guaranteed return up to 2.90% (2023: 1.75%) per annum and have a total
           expected return up to 3.00% (2023: 3.00%) per annum, depending on the market prices of the underlying commodities
           quoted in the market as specified in the terms of relevant deposits.


           The structured bank deposits are designated at FVTPL on initial recognition as they contain non-closely related
           embedded derivatives.




108   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



26. Bank Deposits, Balances and Cash

                                                                                                   2024              2023
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000

    Time deposits                                                                             3,220,000         2,240,000
    Pledged and restricted bank balances                                                         49,823            24,378
    Bank balances and cash                                                                    5,917,376        10,490,845

                                                                                              9,187,199        12,755,223

    Analysed as:
      Current                                                                                 6,777,199        12,015,223
      Non-current                                                                             2,410,000           740,000

                                                                                              9,187,199        12,755,223


    The bank deposits and balances carry interest at market rates ranging from 0.20% to 4.12% (2023: 0.20% to 5.60%)
    per annum.


    The pledged and restricted bank balances represent amounts required to be placed in banks for securing short-term
    banking facilities of the Group, and are classified as current assets.


27. Trade Payables
    The following is an ageing analysis of trade payables at the end of the reporting period presented based on the invoice
    dates:


                                                                                                   2024              2023
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000

    0 to 90 days                                                                              1,360,917         1,994,671
    91 to 180 days                                                                              170,476           203,696
    More than 180 days                                                                          135,854           227,748

                                                                                              1,667,247         2,426,115


    The general credit period on purchases of goods is up to 90 days (2023: 90 days).




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024      109
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      28. Other Payables

                                                                                                                   2024                2023
                                                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000

           Other tax payable                                                                                    196,717            181,502
           Payables arising from construction and acquisition of property,
                 plant and equipment                                                                          1,033,790          1,027,366
           Deferred government grants (note 34)                                                                 661,956            509,226
           Salaries, wages and staff welfare payable                                                            509,439            660,299
           Selling expense payable                                                                            2,925,497          3,293,158
           Research and development expense payable                                                             189,807            264,913
           Others                                                                                               632,395            441,533

                                                                                                              6,149,601          6,377,997

           Analysed as:
                 Current                                                                                      5,741,793          5,978,313
                 Non-current                                                                                    407,808            399,684

                                                                                                              6,149,601          6,377,997


      29. Bills Payables
           The bills payables of the Group are aged within 365 days (2023: 365 days) and not yet due at the end of the reporting
           period. Bank deposits of RMB43,752,000 (2023: RMB17,307,000) have been pledged to banks for the guarantee of
           bills payables.


      30. Bank Borrowings

                                                                                                                   2024                2023
                                                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000

           Discount of bills receivables (note a)                                                               364,204            441,266
           RMB bank loan (note b)                                                                                28,000               8,950

                                                                                                                392,204            450,216


           The carrying amounts of the above borrowings are repayable within one year and classified as current liabilities.

           Notes:

           (a)      The amount represents borrowings secured by the bill receivables discounted to banks with recourse and the amount is
                    repayable within one year.

                    During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group discounted bills receivables with recourse of RMB537,627,000 (2023:
                    RMB530,945,000), net of interest.

           (b)      The bank loan carries fixed interest rate of 1.95% (31 December 2023: variable interest rates at PRC Loan Prime Rate plus
                    1.61%) per annum.

                    As of 31 December 2023, the bank loan was secured by certain properties with a net carrying amount of RMB71,000,000.




110   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



31. Contract Liabilities
    Contract liabilities represent deposits received by the Group in advance of delivery of products.


    As at 1 January 2023, contract liabilities amounted to RMB799,458,000. Revenue recognised in the current year
    relating to brought-forward contract liabilities amounted to RMB326,205,000 (2023: RMB799,458,000).


32. Lease Liabilities

                                                                                                        2024                2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000

    The lease liabilities are payable as follows:
    Within one year                                                                                   58,991            149,627
    Within a period of more than one year but not more than two years                                 20,913              57,879
    Within a period of more than two years but not more than five years                               30,951              44,970
    Within a period of more than five years                                                             4,271              4,209

                                                                                                     115,126            256,685
    Less: Amount due for settlement within one year shown under current liabilities                   (58,991)          (149,627)

    Amount due for settlement after one year shown under non-current liabilities                      56,135            107,058


    The weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities was 4.35% (2023: 4.35%) per annum.


33. Deferred Taxation
    For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets and
    liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting purposes:


                                                                                                        2024                2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000

    Deferred tax assets                                                                              250,297            186,776
    Deferred tax liabilities                                                                        (424,731)           (574,843)

                                                                                                    (174,434)           (388,067)




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024      111
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      33. Deferred Taxation (continued)
           The following are the major deferred tax assets/(liabilities) recognised and their movements:

                                                                                                                        Withholding      Fair value      Research
                                                                 Property,                                     Other          tax on    change on             and     Unutilised
                                                                 plant and Right-of-use        Lease      intangible   undistributed      financial   development            tax
                                                  Inventories   equipment        assets     liabilities       assets          profits        assets      expenses        losses     Others       Total
                                                     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000

           At 1 January 2023                          22,094       (59,420)     (112,670)    100,027       (166,594)        (307,568)      (51,861)        57,783             –     19,242     (498,967)
           (Charge)/credit to profit or loss            (580)       14,237        36,827      (36,302)       21,432            1,478        18,394          (7,075)      67,720      (5,819)    110,312
           Charge to other comprehensive income            –             –             –            –             –                –           242               –            –           –         242
           Exchange adjustments                          340             –          (446)         446             –                –             –               –            –           6         346

           At 31 December 2023                        21,854       (45,183)      (76,289)      64,171      (145,162)        (306,090)      (33,225)        50,708        67,720     13,429     (388,067)
           Credit/(charge) to profit or loss           9,792         6,930        37,922      (35,710)       11,027          148,000         8,183         (7,075)      (27,375)    59,396      211,090
           Charge to other comprehensive income            –             –             –            –             –                –         2,507              –             –          –        2,507
           Exchange adjustments                            7             –          (296)         320             –                –             –              –             –          5           36

           At 31 December 2024                        31,653       (38,253)      (38,663)     28,781       (134,135)        (158,090)      (22,535)        43,633        40,345     72,830     (174,434)


           At the end of the reporting period, the Group had unused tax losses of approximately RMB7,858,037,000 (2023:
           RMB5,503,189,000) available for offset against future profits. Deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of
           approximately RMB268,971,000 (2023: RMB451,467,000) of such losses. No deferred tax asset has been recognised
           in respect of the remaining approximately RMB7,589,066,000 (2023: RMB5,051,722,000) due to the unpredictability
           of future profit streams.


           The unrecognised unused tax losses for the PRC subsidiaries of RMB6,156,073,000 (2023: RMB3,922,646,000)
           will be expired in one to ten years for offsetting against future taxable profits. Tax losses of RMB89,764,000 (2023:
           RMB21,805,000) have been forfeited during the year.


           At the end of reporting period, the subsidiaries in the US had net operating loss of RMB1,432,993,000 (2023:
           RMB1,129,076,000) carried forward for federal income tax purposes which is available for offsetting against future
           taxable profits. As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, all tax losses may carry forward indefinitely under the Act but
           subject to certain limitations.


           Under the EIT Law of the PRC, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned by PRC
           subsidiaries from 1 January 2008 onwards. Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the consolidated financial
           statements in respect of temporary differences attributable to accumulated profits of the PRC subsidiaries amounting
           to RMB28,904,490,000 (2023: RMB25,308,000,000) as the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the
           temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


           There was no other significant unrecognised temporary differences for the year or at the end of the reporting period.




112   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



34. Deferred Government Grants

                                                                                                                   2024                  2023
                                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000

    Current:
          — Other subsidies (note a)                                                                            254,148              168,698
    Non-current:
          — Acquisition of property, plant and equipment (note b)                                               407,808              340,528

    Total (included in other payables in note 28)                                                               661,956              509,226

    Notes:

    (a)      Other subsidies are generally provided for the development of pharmaceutical products or improvement of production
             efficiency. Such amounts are included in other payables until the conditions attaching to the grants have been fulfilled. During
             the year, the Group recognised income of RMB91,977,000 (2023: RMB170,524,000).

    (b)      Represents subsidies received for the acquisition of plant and machinery and will be transferred to profit or loss over the useful
             lives of the related assets upon the conditions attaching to the grants have been fulfilled. During the year, the Group recognised
             income of RMB36,795,000 (2023: RMB45,178,000).


35. Share Capital

                                                                                                            Number of                  Share
                                                                                                                 shares               capital
                                                                                                                                   RMB’000

    Issued and fully paid
    At 1 January 2023                                                                                  11,933,219,732            10,899,412
    Repurchased and cancelled during the year                                                              (30,000,000)                      –

    At 31 December 2023                                                                                11,903,219,732            10,899,412
    Repurchased and cancelled during the year                                                             (284,418,000)                      –
    Exercise of share options                                                                               19,500,000               133,340

    At 31 December 2024                                                                                11,638,301,732            11,032,752


    During the year, the Company repurchased 340,168,000 shares on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited for
    a total aggregate consideration (before transaction expenses) of HK$1,721,069,000. Of the shares repurchased,
    284,418,000 shares were cancelled during the year and 55,750,000 shares were cancelled in January 2025.




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024         113
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      36. Long Term Incentive Programs
           (a)   Share option scheme
                 The share option scheme of the Company (the “Share Option Scheme”) is for the purpose of providing the
                 Company with a flexible means of giving incentive to eligible participants. Participants include any director,
                 employee, business consultant, professional and other adviser of the Group. The Share Option Scheme was
                 adopted on 9 December 2015 and will expire on 8 December 2025.


                 The maximum number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all share options to be granted under
                 the Share Option Scheme shall not in aggregate exceed 591,101,840 shares, being 10% of the shares of the
                 Company in issue at adoption the date of the Share Option Scheme. The maximum entitlement for any one
                 participant is that the total number of shares issued or to be issued upon exercise of the share options granted
                 to each participant in any twelve-month period shall not exceed 1% of the total number of shares in issue.


                 Share options granted have to be taken up within an acceptable period from the date of offer to such date as the
                 Board may determine and specify in the letter of offer upon payment of HK$1. The subscription price for option
                 granted is determined by the Board and shall be at least the highest of (i) the closing price of the shares as
                 stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheet on the offer date which must be a business day; (ii) and the
                 average closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets for the five business
                 days immediately preceding the offer date; and (iii) the nominal value of a share. Share options granted are
                 exercisable for a period to be notified by the Board to each grantee and such period shall expire not later than 10
                 years from the date of grant.


                 As at 31 December 2024, the number of share options available for being further granted was 541,101,840
                 (1 January 2024: 541,101,840).


                 As at the date of this annual report, the total number of shares available for issue under the Share Options
                 Scheme was 571,601,840 shares, representing 4.95% of the Company’s issued shares as at that date.


                 The following table discloses movements of share options during the year:


                                                                                                          Number of share options

                                                                                                                                Cancelled/
                                                                                                      Granted     Exercised         lapsed
                                                                                              As at    during        during         during        As at
                 Grantees               Date of grant   Exercise price Exercise period   1 Jan 2024   the year      the year      the year 31 Dec 2024

                 Directors              4 Sep 2023      HK$5.98        4 Sep 2023 to     41,000,000         –    (19,000,000)            –   22,000,000
                                                                         3 Sep 2033


                 Employees              4 Sep 2023      HK$5.98        4 Sep 2023 to      9,000,000         –      (500,000)             –    8,500,000
                   (former directors)                                    3 Sep 2033

                                                                                         50,000,000         –    (19,500,000)            –   30,500,000




114   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



36. Long Term Incentive Programs (continued)
    (a)   Share option scheme (continued)
          The following table discloses movements of share options during the prior year:


                                                                                                        Number of share options

                                                                                                                             Cancelled/
                                                                                                   Granted     Exercised           lapsed
                                                                                        As at       during         during          during        As at
          Grantees              Date of grant   Exercise price   Exercise period   1 Jan 2023      the year      the year         the year 31 Dec 2023

          Directors             4 Sep 2023      HK$5.98          4 Sep 2023 to             –    50,000,000             –               –    50,000,000
                                                                   3 Sep 2033

                                                                                           –    50,000,000             –               –    50,000,000

          Notes:

          (a)      50% of the share options granted have been vested on 1 April 2024. The remaining 50% will be vested on 1 April 2025
                   subject to the fulfilment of certain performance target relating to the financial results of the Group in 2024.

          (b)      The weighted average closing price of the Company’s shares immediately before the date on which the options were
                   exercised was HK$5.94.

          (c)      The fair value of the share options granted on the date of grant was RMB50,048,000.

          (d)      The share options outstanding as at 31 December 2024 had a weighted average remaining contractual life of 9 years
                   (2023: 10 years).


          The fair value of the share options granted was determined by using the Binomial model. The inputs into the
          model were as follows:


          Share price on the grant date                                                                                                     HK$5.98
          Exercise price                                                                                                                    HK$5.98
          Expected volatility                                                                                                               39.78%
          Expected life                                                                                                                     10 years
          Risk-free rate                                                                                                                      3.89%
          Expected dividend yield                                                                                                             4.18%


          Expected volatility was determined by using the historical volatility of the Company’s share price over the
          previous 10 years. The expected life used in the model has been adjusted, based on the valuer’s best estimate,
          for the effects of non-transferability, exercise restrictions and behavioural considerations.


          The variables and assumptions used in computing the fair value of the share options are based on the valuer’s
          best estimate. The value of an option varies with different variables of certain subjective assumptions.


          During the year, the Group recognised share-based compensation expense of RMB11,831,000 (2023:
          RMB22,670,000) in relation to share options granted by the Company.




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024           115
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      36. Long Term Incentive Programs (continued)
           (b)   Share award scheme
                 The share award scheme of the Company (the “Share Award Scheme”) is for the purpose of providing the
                 selected participants with an opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company; encouraging and
                 retaining such individuals to work with the Company; and providing additional incentives to them to achieve
                 performance goals, with a view to achieving the objectives of increasing the value of the Company and aligning
                 the interests of the selected participants directly to the shareholders through ownership of shares of the
                 Company. Participants include any director, employee, officer, agent or consultant of the Group. The Share
                 Award Scheme was adopted on 20 August 2018 and will expire on 19 August 2028.


                 The terms of the Share Award Scheme were amended on 21 May 2024 to the effect that the Board may only
                 instruct the trustee to purchase existing shares of the Company on market to satisfy share awards granted under
                 the Share Award Scheme, such that the Share Award Scheme has become a share scheme that is funded only
                 by the existing shares of the Company.


                 The maximum number of shares which may be purchased from the market or issued under the Share Award
                 Scheme shall not in aggregate exceed 124,860,368 shares, being 2% of the shares of the Company in issue
                 as at the adoption date of the Share Award Scheme. The maximum number of shares which may be awarded
                 to a selected participant at any one time or in aggregate under the Share Award Scheme must not exceed
                 31,215,092 shares, being 0.5% of the shares of the Company in issue as at the adoption date of the Share
                 Award Scheme.


                 The awarded shares held by the trustee of the Share Award Scheme shall be vested in the selected participants
                 in accordance with the vesting conditions or vesting schedules as set out in the grant notice. Awarded shares
                 which do not vest will be forfeited and may be re-granted to other participants selected by the Board.


                 As at 31 December 2024, the number of share awards available for being further granted was 117,038,368
                 (1 January 2024: 117,312,368).


                 As at 31 December 2024, there were 100,000,000 shares of the Company held by the trustee of the Share
                 Award Scheme (2023: 51,460,000 shares).


                 Details of movement of awarded shares during the year are as follows:


                                                                                           Number of awarded shares

                                                                                                                Cancelled/
                                                                                        Granted      Vested           lapsed
                                                                                As at    during       during          during           As at
                 Grantees     Date of grant   Vesting period               1 Jan 2024   the year    the year      the year       31 Dec 2024

                 Employees    15 Jan 2019     15 Jan 2019 to 14 Jan 2024     329,000          –     (316,000)         (13,000)             –
                              16 Dec 2021     16 Dec 2021 to 14 Jan 2024     329,000          –     (316,000)         (13,000)             –
                              22 Apr 2024     22 Apr 2024 to 21 Apr 2027            –   300,000            –                –        300,000

                 Total                                                       658,000    300,000     (632,000)         (26,000)       300,000




116   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



36. Long Term Incentive Programs (continued)
    (b)   Share award scheme (continued)
          Details of movement of awarded shares during the prior year are as follows:

                                                                                               Number of awarded shares
                                                                                                                      Cancelled/
                                                                                           Granted        Vested          lapsed
                                                                                As at        during        during          during          As at
          Grantees         Date of grant    Vesting period                1 Jan 2023       the year      the year       the year    31 Dec 2023
          Employees        15 Jan 2019      15 Jan 2019 to 14 Jan 2023      329,000              –       (325,000)        (4,000)             –
                           15 Jan 2019      15 Jan 2019 to 14 Jan 2024      329,000              –              –              –        329,000
                           16 Dec 2021      16 Dec 2021 to 14 Jan 2023      329,000              –       (325,000)        (4,000)             –
                           16 Dec 2021      16 Dec 2021 to 14 Jan 2024      329,000              –              –              –        329,000
                           30 May 2023      30 May 2023 to 9 Jul 2023             –      3,000,000     (3,000,000)             –              –
          Total                                                            1,316,000     3,000,000     (3,650,000)        (8,000)       658,000

          Notes:

          (a)      The weighted average closing price of the Company’s share immediately before the date on which the awarded shares
                   were vested was HK$6.54 (2023: HK$6.98) per share.

          (b)      The closing price of the Company’s shares immediately before the date on which the share awards were granted
                   was HK$6.00 (2023: HK$6.91) per share. The fair value of the share awards at the date of grant was HK$6.00 (2023:
                   HK$6.55) per share, which was measured based on the closing price of the Company’s shares at the date of grant
                   and adjusted by the fair value of dividends during the vesting period as the grantees are not entitled to dividends before
                   vesting.

          (c)      The shares were awarded and vested for no consideration.


          During the year, the Group recognised share-based compensation expense of RMB221,000 (2023:
          RMB19,360,000) in relation to share awards granted by the Company.

    (c)   Share awards granted by a shareholder
          Key Honesty Limited (Key Honesty”), a shareholder of the Company indirectly and wholly owned by Mr. Cai
          Dongchen, Chairman of the Company, has granted share awards involving the existing shares of the Company
          held by Key Honesty to selected employees of the Group in 2022. The awarded shares will be vested and
          transferred in batches from the third to fifth year after the grant at a transfer price of HK$2.95 per share subject
          to the fulfilment of certain conditions. During the year, the Group recognised share-based compensation expense
          of RMB198,319,000 (2023: RMB193,952,000) in relation to the share awards granted by Key Honesty.

          Details of movement of share awards during the year are as follows:

                                                                                              Number of awarded shares
                                                                                                                     Cancelled/
                                                                                          Granted        Vested          lapsed
                                                                               As at        during        during         during           As at
          Grantees         Date of grant    Vesting period                1 Jan 2024      the year      the year       the year     31 Dec 2024
          Employees        1 Apr 2022       1 Apr 2022 to 1 Apr 2025      57,585,000             –              –     (3,540,000)    54,045,000
                           1 Apr 2022       1 Apr 2022 to 1 Apr 2026      57,585,000             –              –     (3,540,000)    54,045,000
                           1 Apr 2022       1 Apr 2022 to 1 Apr 2027      76,780,000             –              –     (4,720,000)    72,060,000
                           14 Sep 2022      14 Sep 2022 to 14 Sep 2025     1,770,000             –              –       (990,000)       780,000
                           14 Sep 2022      14 Sep 2022 to 14 Sep 2026     1,770,000             –              –       (990,000)       780,000
                           14 Sep 2022      14 Sep 2022 to 14 Sep 2027     2,360,000             –              –     (1,320,000)     1,040,000
          Total                                                          197,850,000             –              –    (15,100,000) 182,750,000

                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024           117
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      36. Long Term Incentive Programs (continued)
           (c)   Share awards granted by a shareholder (continued)
                 Details of movement of shares awards during the prior year are as follows:


                                                                                             Number of awarded shares

                                                                                                                    Cancelled/
                                                                                         Granted        Vested           lapsed
                                                                                 As at    during         during          during          As at
                 Grantees     Date of grant   Vesting period                1 Jan 2023   the year      the year         the year   31 Dec 2023

                 Employees    1 Apr 2022      1 Apr 2022 to 1 Apr 2025      60,045,000         –             –      (2,460,000)     57,585,000
                              1 Apr 2022      1 Apr 2022 to 1 Apr 2026      60,045,000         –             –      (2,460,000)     57,585,000
                              1 Apr 2022      1 Apr 2022 to 1 Apr 2027      80,060,000         –             –      (3,280,000)     76,780,000
                              14 Sep 2022     14 Sep 2022 to 14 Sep 2025     1,770,000         –             –                –      1,770,000
                              14 Sep 2022     14 Sep 2022 to 14 Sep 2026     1,770,000         –             –                –      1,770,000
                              14 Sep 2022     14 Sep 2022 to 14 Sep 2027     2,360,000         –             –                –      2,360,000

                 Total                                                     206,050,000         –             –      (8,200,000)    197,850,000


      37. Capital And Other Commitments
           At the end of the reporting period, the Group had the following capital and other commitments:


                                                                                                                  2024                  2023
                                                                                                          RMB’000                  RMB’000

           Capital expenditure in respect of acquisition of property, plant and equipment
             contracted for but not provided in the consolidated financial statements                     2,288,183                1,088,060
           Commitments arising from unlisted equity investments in partnerships                             615,917                 531,485


      38. Capital Risk Management
           The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while
           maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The Group’s overall
           strategy remains unchanged from prior year.


           The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which includes the bank borrowings as disclosed in note 30
           and amounts due to related companies and joint ventures in note 41, net of cash and cash equivalents, and equity
           attributable to owners of the Company, comprising issued share capital, accumulated profits and other reserves.


           The Directors review the capital structure on a regular basis. As part of this review, the Directors consider the cost of
           capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on recommendations of the Directors, the Group will
           balance its overall capital structure through the payment of dividends, new share issues and share buy-backs as well
           as the issue of new debt and the repayment of existing debt.




118   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



39. Financial Instruments
    39a. Categories of financial instruments


                                                                                                     2024               2023
                                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000

         Financial assets
         FVTPL
               — other financial assets                                                         1,789,816          1,661,791
               — structured bank deposits                                                       1,307,007          1,077,054
         FVTOCI
               — other financial assets                                                           710,409            725,368
               — bills receivables                                                              2,421,294          2,211,169
         Amortised cost                                                                       16,386,665         20,385,403

         Financial liabilities
         Amortised cost                                                                         8,146,776          8,656,711


    39b. Financial risk management objectives and policies
         The major financial instruments of the Group include trade receivables, other receivables, bills receivables,
         amounts due from related companies and joint ventures, other financial assets, structured bank deposits,
         bank deposits, pledged and restricted bank deposits, balances and cash, trade payables, other payables,
         bills payables, amounts due to related companies and joint ventures, lease liabilities and bank borrowings.
         Details of these financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes. The risks associated with these financial
         instruments include market risk (currency risk and other price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The policies on
         how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management manages and monitors these exposures to
         ensure appropriate measures are implemented in a timely and effective manner.


         Market risk
         (i)      Currency risk
                  The Group mainly operates in the PRC with most of the transactions denominated and settled in RMB.
                  However, several subsidiaries of the Company have foreign currency sales, mainly denominated in United
                  States Dollars (“US$”), and bank balances and cash denominated in US$ and HK$, which expose the
                  Group to foreign currency risk.


                  The Group currently does not have a foreign currency hedging policy. However, management will monitor
                  foreign exchange exposure closely and consider the use of hedging instruments should the need arise.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024      119
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      39. Financial Instruments (continued)
           39b. Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                Market risk (continued)
                (i)   Currency risk (continued)
                      The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary
                      liabilities at the end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                          Liabilities                       Assets
                                                                         2024              2023          2024               2023
                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000     RMB’000            RMB’000

                      HK$                                                    –           63,434       190,604             183,830
                      US$                                                    –                 –    1,746,823             909,656


                      Sensitivity analysis
                      The Group is mainly exposed to currency risk of HK$ and US$.


                      The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% (2023: 5%) increase and decrease in RMB
                      against HK$ and US$. 5% (2023: 5%) is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk
                      internally to key management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably
                      possible change in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign
                      currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the year-end for a 5% (2023: 5%)
                      change in foreign currency rates. The post-tax profit would decrease by the below amounts where RMB
                      strengthens 5% (2023: 5%) against the relevant currency. For a 5% (2023: 5%) weakening of RMB against
                      the relevant currency, there would be an equal and opposite impact on the post-tax profit and other equity.


                                                                       HK$ Impact (i)                   US$ Impact (ii)
                                                                         2024              2023          2024               2023
                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000     RMB’000            RMB’000

                      Post-tax profit                                  (8,101)            (5,117)      (74,240)           (38,660)


                      (i)    This is mainly attributable to the exposure to outstanding HK$ denominated bank balances at the
                             end of the reporting period.


                      (ii)   This is mainly attributable to the exposure to outstanding US$ denominated bank balances and trade
                             receivables at the end of the reporting period.




120   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



39. Financial Instruments (continued)
    39b. Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
         Market risk (continued)
         (ii)   Other price risk
                The Group is exposed to equity price risk through its investments in listed equity securities. The Group also
                invested in certain unquoted equity securities for long-term strategic purposes which had been designated
                as FVTOCI. The Group has appointed a special team to monitor the price risk.


                Sensitivity analysis
                The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to equity price risk at the
                reporting date.


                If the prices of the respective listed equity instruments had been 5% (2023: 5%) higher/lower:


                •     Other reserves would increase/decrease by RMB15,413,000 (2023: RMB987,000) for the Group as
                      a result of the changes in fair value of the listed equity investments measured at FVTOCI.


                •     Post-tax profit would increase/decrease by RMB9,336,000 (2023: RMB3,425,000) for the Group as
                      a result of the changes in fair value of the listed equity investments measured at FVTPL.


         Credit risk and impairment assessment
         As at 31 December 2023 and 2024, the maximum exposure to credit risk by the Group which will cause a
         financial loss to the Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties is arising from the
         carrying amounts of the respective recognised financial assets as stated in the consolidated statement of
         financial position.


         The Group has concentration of credit risk on liquid funds which are deposited with several banks with high
         credit ratings.


         The Group’s concentration of credit risk by geographical locations on trade receivables is mainly in the PRC.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024      121
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      39. Financial Instruments (continued)
           39b. Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)
                Trade receivables arising from contracts with customers
                In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for
                determination of credit limits and credit approvals. Before accepting any new customer, the Group assesses
                the potential customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. Limits attributed to customers are
                reviewed twice a year.

                Other monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. In
                addition, the Group has applied the simplified approach to measure the loss allowance at lifetime ECL. Except
                for trade receivables with major customers and credit-impaired balances which are assessed individually, the
                Group determines the ECL on the remaining balances by using a provision matrix grouped by common risk
                characteristic. As part of the Group’s credit risk management, the Group uses debtors’ aging to assess the
                impairment for its customers in relation to its operation because these customers consist of a large number
                of small customers with common risk characteristics that are representative of the customers’ abilities to pay
                all amounts due in accordance with the contractual terms. Loss allowance amount of the credit-impaired
                trade receivables is measured as the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the present value of
                estimated future cash flows with the consideration of expected future credit losses. In this regard, the Directors
                consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.

                The Group rebuts the presumption of default under ECL for trade receivables over 90 days past due based
                on the strong financial position with good repayment records of those customers and continuous business
                relationship with the Group.

                Trade receivables with major customers and with an aggregate gross carrying amount of RMB2,789,461,000
                as at 31 December 2024 (2023: RMB3,698,625,000) are assessed individually. These balances are from
                counterparties which have low risk of default and usually settle within credit period. The exposure to credit risk
                for these balances are assessed within lifetime ECL with an average loss rate of approximately 0.36% (2023:
                0.44%), impairment allowance of RMB10,081,000 (2023: RMB16,215,000) was provided by the Group as at 31
                December 2024.

                The remaining trade receivables with gross carrying amount of RMB2,429,652,000 (2023: RMB2,212,735,000)
                are assessed based on debtors’ aging. The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk
                for trade receivables which are assessed within lifetime ECL (not credit-impaired) as at 31 December 2023 and
                2024.

                Gross carrying amount


                                                                  Average loss rate
                                                                     2024              2023               2024              2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000

                Current (not past due)                             0.07%              0.06%          1,933,326         1,976,965
                1–270 days past due                                5.89%              6.14%           471,802            221,852
                More than 270 days past due                       78.50%             79.93%             24,524            13,918

                                                                                                     2,429,652         2,212,735




122   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



39. Financial Instruments (continued)
    39b. Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
         Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)
         Trade receivables arising from contracts with customers (continued)
         Gross carrying amount (continued)
         The estimated loss rates are based on historical observed default rates over the expected life of the trade
         receivables and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort. The
         grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure relevant information about specific trade receivable is
         updated.


         As at 31 December 2024, the Group provided RMB48,360,000 (2023: RMB25,922,000) impairment allowance
         for trade receivables based on the provision matrix other than those major customers. No impairment allowance
         was made on credit-impaired debtors.


         The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for trade receivables under the
         simplified approach.


                                                                                                             Lifetime ECL
                                                                                                               (not credit-
                                                                                                                 impaired)
                                                                                                                  RMB’000

         As at 1 January 2023                                                                                       23,725
         Impairment losses recognised                                                                               18,412

         As at 31 December 2023                                                                                     42,137
         Impairment losses recognised                                                                               16,304

         As at 31 December 2024                                                                                     58,441


         The Group writes off a trade receivable when there is information indicating that the debtor is in severe financial
         difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the debtor has been placed under liquidation
         or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or when the trade receivable is over two years past due, whichever
         occurs earlier.


         Other receivables
         The management believes that there is no significant increase in credit risk of other receivables since initial
         recognition and the Group provided impairment based on 12m ECL. No impairment loss on other receivables
         was recognised by the Group for both years.


         Bills receivables
         The credit risk of bills receivables is limited because the counterparties are mainly banks/financial institutions
         with high credit ratings assigned by independent credit-rating agencies. The Group measures the loss
         allowance at 12m ECL as there has been no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. As at 31
         December 2024, the gross carrying amount of bills receivables measured at amortised cost and FVTOCI are
         RMB1,614,196,000 and RMB2,421,294,000 respectively (2023: RMB1,474,113,000 and RMB2,211,169,000,
         respectively), the 12m ECL is considered immaterial for both years.



                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024      123
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      39. Financial Instruments (continued)
           39b. Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)
                Amounts due from related companies
                In order to minimise the credit risk, the Group will assess the credit quality of related companies. Other
                monitoring procedures are also in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. As at
                31 December 2024, the gross carrying amounts of receivables due from related companies is RMB359,123,000
                (2023: RMB157,313,000).


                For the purpose of impairment assessment for trade receivables and other receivables from related companies,
                the lifetime ECL and 12m ECL are considered to be immaterial after considering counterparties’ financial
                background and creditability.


                Amounts due from joint ventures
                As at 31 December 2024, the gross carrying amount of amounts due from joint ventures is RMB65,475,000 (2023:
                RMB129,531,000). No impairment loss on amounts due from joint ventures was recognised by the Group for
                both years.


                For the purpose of impairment assessment for trade receivables and other receivables due from joint ventures,
                exposure to credit risk for those balances are assessed individually with lifetime ECL and 12m ECL.


                Bank deposits/bank balances/pledged and restricted bank deposits
                The credit risk of bank deposits, bank balances, pledged and restricted bank deposits and structured bank
                deposits are limited because the counterparties are mainly banks/financial institutions with high credit ratings
                assigned by independent credit-rating agencies. The Group measures the loss allowance at 12m ECL as there
                has been no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. As at 31 December 2024, the gross
                carrying amount of bank deposits, bank balances, pledged and restricted bank deposits are RMB3,220,000,000,
                RMB5,917,376,000 and RMB49,823,000, respectively (2023: RMB2,240,000,000, RMB10,490,845,000 and
                RMB24,378,000, respectively), the 12m ECL is considered immaterial for both years.


                Liquidity risk
                In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents
                deemed adequate by the management to finance the operations of the Group and mitigate the effects of
                fluctuations in cash flows. The management monitors the utilisation of bank borrowings and ensures compliance
                with the relevant loan covenants.


                The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial liabilities
                and derivative instrument. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of the financial
                liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay.


                The table includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are floating rate, the
                undiscounted amount is derived from rate curve at the end of the reporting period.




124   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



39. Financial Instruments (continued)
    39b. Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
         Liquidity risk (continued)
         As at 31 December 2024


                                                  Weighted       Less than
                                                    average       1 month                                                                 Total
                                                   effective         or on                  3 months                   More than undiscounted     Carrying
                                                interest rate     demand     1 – 3 months   to 1 year    1 – 3 years     3 years    cash flows     amount
                                                           %     RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000

         Non-derivative financial liabilities
         Trade payables                                     –     306,330       1,360,917           –             –            –     1,667,247    1,667,247
         Other payables                                     –    4,734,948              –           –             –            –     4,734,948    4,734,948
         Bills payables                                     –       72,912       298,707     574,134              –            –       945,753     945,753
         Amounts due to related companies                   –     272,659               –           –             –            –       272,659     272,659
         Amounts due to joint ventures                      –     133,965               –           –             –            –       133,965     133,965
         Lease liabilities                               4.35        8,263        16,527      36,636         41,450       19,475       122,351     115,126
         Bank borrowings                                 1.95     217,643         74,600     112,019              –            –       404,262     392,204

                                                                 5,746,720      1,750,751    722,789         41,450       19,475     8,281,185    8,261,902


         As at 31 December 2023


                                                   Weighted      Less than
                                                     average       1 month                                                                Total
                                                     effective       or on                  3 months                   More than   undiscounted    Carrying
                                                 interest rate     demand    1 – 3 months    to 1 year   1 – 3 years     3 years     cash flows     amount
                                                           %      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000

         Non-derivative financial liabilities
         Trade payables                                     –     431,444       1,994,671           –             –            –     2,426,115    2,426,115
         Other payables                                     –    5,307,733              –           –             –            –     5,307,733    5,307,733
         Bills payables                                     –       75,175        86,619     253,830              –            –       415,624     415,624
         Amounts due to related companies                   –       21,436              –           –             –            –        21,436      21,436
         Amounts due to joint ventures                      –       35,587              –           –             –            –        35,587      35,587
         Lease liabilities                               4.35       12,635        25,271     113,203         83,239       37,373       271,721     256,685
         Bank borrowings                                 5.26       75,856       217,811     160,339              –            –       454,006     450,216

                                                                 5,959,866      2,324,372    527,372         83,239       37,373     8,932,222    8,913,396




                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024         125
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      39. Financial Instruments (continued)
           39c. Fair value measurement of financial instruments
                (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
                      Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of each
                      reporting period. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets
                      and financial liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used):


                                                                                                                                        Significant          Relationship of
                      Financial assets/                                          Fair value   Valuation techniques                      Unobservable         unobservable
                      financial liabilities              Fair value as at        hierarchy    and key input(s)                          input(s)             inputs to fair value
                                                   31 December 31 December
                                                          2024        2023
                                                       RMB’000     RMB’000

                      Equity securities listed         519,895          88,236      Level 1   Quoted bid prices in an active            N/A                  N/A
                        in Hong Kong and PRC                                                    market.
                      Unquoted investments            1,980,330      2,298,923      Level 3   Where recent transaction prices           Estimated discount   The higher the
                                                                                                of underlying investments is not          rate                 estimated discount
                                                                                                available, discount cash flows is                              rate, the lower the
                                                                                                used for valuation.                                            fair value, vice versa.
                                                                                              Discount cash flows — in this             Long-term pre-tax    The higher the long-
                                                                                                approach, the discounted                  operating margin     term pre-tax
                                                                                                cash flow method was used                                      operating margin, the
                                                                                                to capture the present value of                                higher the fair value,
                                                                                                future expected cash flows to                                  vice versa.
                                                                                                be derived from the underlying
                                                                                                assets.
                      Bills receivables measured      2,421,294      2,211,169      Level 2   Discounted cash flow at a discount        N/A                  N/A
                         at FVTOCI                                                              rate that reflects the credit risk of
                                                                                                issuers
                      Structured bank deposits        1,307,007      1,077,054      Level 2   Expected yields of underlying             N/A                  N/A
                                                                                                Investments invested by bank at
                                                                                                a discount rate that reflects the
                                                                                                credit risk of the bank

                      During the year, an equity investment at level 3 fair value measurement was transferred to level 1. The
                      carrying value of such equity investment at 31 December 2024 is RMB287,200,000 (31 December 2023:
                      RMB300,000,000).


                      Unrealised fair value loss of RMB12,453,000 net of tax is included in other comprehensive income for the
                      year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: RMB6,003,000) is related to other financial assets measured at
                      FVTOCI held at 31 December 2024 and are reported as changes of “other reserve”.




126   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



39. Financial Instruments (continued)
    39c. Fair value measurement of financial instruments (continued)
         (i)     Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
                 (continued)
                 In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it
                 is available. Where Level 1 and 2 inputs are not available, the Group engages third party qualified valuers to
                 perform the valuation. The finance department works closely with the qualified external valuers to establish
                 the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs to the model. The management reports to the Directors
                 every quarter to explain the cause of fluctuations in the fair value of the assets and liabilities.


                 Information about the valuation techniques and inputs used in determining the fair value of various assets
                 are disclosed above.


         (ii)    Reconciliation of Level 3 Measurements


                                                                                                                         Unquoted
                                                                                                                       investments
                                                                                                                          RMB’000

                 At 1 January 2023                                                                                       2,025,117
                 Total losses
                   — in other comprehensive income                                                                          (1,737)
                   — in profit or loss                                                                                    (202,998)
                 Purchase of unquoted investments                                                                          532,818
                 Proceeds from distribution of unquoted investments                                                        (54,277)

                 At 31 December 2023                                                                                     2,298,923
                 Total losses
                   — in other comprehensive income                                                                          (3,490)
                   — in profit or loss                                                                                     (84,965)
                 Purchase of unquoted investments                                                                          111,954
                 Proceeds from distribution of unquoted investments                                                        (42,092)
                 Transfer to listed equity securities                                                                     (300,000)

                 At 31 December 2024                                                                                     1,980,330


         (iii)   Fair value of financial instruments that are recorded at amortised cost
                 The Directors consider that the carrying amounts of other financial assets and financial liabilities recorded
                 at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.




                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024     127
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      40. Reconciliation of Liabilities Arising from Financing Activities
           The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-
           cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will
           be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.


                                                                                         Dividend
                                                                                        payable to
                                                                                              non-
                                                            Bank         Dividend      controlling           Lease
                                                     borrowings           payable        interests        liabilities          Total
                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                         (note 30)        (note 12)                        (note 32)

           At 1 January 2023                              182,434                 –               –        400,110          582,544
           Financing cash flows                           500,749       (2,726,253)        (26,003)        (152,225)     (2,403,732)
           Finance costs recognised                        12,261                 –               –          13,635          25,896
           Maturity of bills receivables
             discounted with recourse                    (245,228)                –               –                –       (245,228)
           Dividend declared                                     –      2,726,253           26,003                 –      2,752,256
           Lease terminated                                      –                –               –         (13,519)         (13,519)
           New lease entered                                     –                –               –           6,901            6,901
           Exchange adjustments                                  –                –               –           1,783            1,783

           At 31 December 2023                            450,216                 –               –        256,685          706,901
           Financing cash flows                           556,668      (3,233,815)         (98,496)        (151,046)     (2,926,689)
           Finance costs recognised                        36,037                 –               –           7,636          43,673
           Maturity of bills receivables
             discounted with recourse                    (650,717)                –               –                –       (650,717)
           Dividend declared                                     –      3,233,815           98,496                 –      3,332,311
           New lease entered                                     –                –               –             571              571
           Exchange adjustments                                  –                –               –           1,280            1,280

           At 31 December 2024                            392,204                 –               –        115,126          507,330




128   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



41. Related Party Disclosures
    During the year, the Group had significant transactions and balances with related parties. Other than those disclosed
    elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, the Group had also entered into the following significant
    transactions with related parties and the balances with them at the end of the reporting period are as follows:


    (i)   Related companies and joint ventures
          Relationships                Nature of transactions/balances                               2024                2023
                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000

          Related companies            Sale of pharmaceutical products                           972,392              845,539
            (note a)                   Payment of lease liabilities                              127,308              128,941
                                       Purchase of pharmaceutical products and
                                          other products                                         244,703               21,991
                                       Consolidated services expense                               59,698                    –
                                       Balance due from/(to) the related companies
                                          — trade receivables (note b)
                                              aged 0–90 days                                     328,248              121,823
                                              aged 91–180 days                                     12,165              27,034
                                              aged 181–365 days                                     3,010                    –
                                              aged over 365 days                                    1,230               1,609

                                                                                                 344,653              150,466

                                          — other receivables (note c)                             14,470               6,847
                                          — trade payables (note b)
                                              aged 0–90 days                                     (264,095)             (18,770)
                                              aged 91–180 days                                          (2)                 (2)
                                              aged 181–365 days                                      (195)                (273)
                                              aged over 365 days                                     (456)                 (16)

                                                                                                 (264,748)             (19,061)

                                          — other payables (note c)                                (7,911)              (2,375)
                                          — lease liabilities                                     (68,126)            (160,558)




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024        129
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      41. Related Party Disclosures (continued)
           (i)    Related companies and joint ventures (continued)
                  Relationships                      Nature of transactions/balances                                     2024        2023
                                                                                                                      RMB’000     RMB’000

                  Joint ventures                     Sale of pharmaceutical products                                   150,878      5,919
                                                     Purchase of raw materials                                         215,738    183,692
                                                     Research and development expenses                                  26,522     24,231
                                                     Balance due from/(to) joint ventures
                                                        — trade receivables (note b)
                                                            aged 0–90 days                                                 53       3,038
                                                            aged 91–180 days                                              711       3,693

                                                                                                                          764       6,731

                                                        — other receivables (note c)                                    64,711    122,800
                                                        — trade payables (note b)
                                                            aged 0–90 days                                            (103,439)    (27,179)
                                                            aged 91–180 days                                            (7,106)       (589)
                                                            aged 181–365 days                                                –        (186)
                                                            aged over 365 days                                            (186)        (79)

                                                                                                                      (110,731)    (28,033)

                                                        — other payables (note c)                                      (23,234)     (7,554)


           (ii)   Compensation to key management personnel
                  The details of the compensation paid to the executive directors of the Company during the year are set out in
                  note 9.

                  Notes:

                  a.       Mr. Cai Dongchen, Chairman and executive director of the Company, has significant influence over the Company
                           and exercises control over CSPC Holdings Company Limited (“CHL”) through a series of controlled corporations.
                           Accordingly, CHL and its subsidiaries and associates (the “CHL Group”) are related parties of the Group.

                  b.       The general credit period for trade receivables and payables is 90 days (2023: 90 days).

                  c.       The amounts are unsecured, repayable on demand and non-interest bearing.




130   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



42. Employee Retirement Benefit Schemes
    The Group has offered a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme for all qualifying employees in Hong Kong. The assets
    of the scheme are held separately from those of the Group in funds under the control of trustees. Contributions are
    made by both the employer and the employee based on a certain percentage of the employees’ relevant income. The
    Group’s contributions will be fully and immediately vested in the employees’ accounts as their accrued benefits in the
    scheme. There was no contribution forfeited by the Group during the year.


    The employees of the subsidiaries in the PRC are members of a state-managed retirement benefit scheme operated
    by the PRC government. The relevant subsidiaries are required to make contributions to the retirement benefit scheme
    based on a certain percentage of payroll costs stipulated by the local government authorities. The only obligation of the
    Group with respect to the retirement benefit scheme is to make the specified contributions. Upon retirement, the local
    government authorities are responsible for the payment of the retirement benefits to the retired employees.


    The Group established a 401(k) savings trust plan (“401(k) Plan”), a defined contribution plan funded by employers and
    employees, in the US that qualifies as an Inland Revenue Service (“IRS”) deferred salary arrangement under Section
    401(k) of the US Internal Revenue Code. Under the 401(k) Plan, participating employees may elect to contribute up to
    a maximum amount subject to certain IRS limitations.


    During the year, the contributions made by the Group relating to the above arrangements were RMB193,978,000 (2023:
    RMB241,560,000), of which RMB1,261,000 (2023: RMB1,022,000) and RMB2,502,000 (2023: RMB3,389,000) were
    attributable to the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme in Hong Kong and 401(k) Plan in the US, respectively.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024      131
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      43. Particulars of Subsidiaries
           43.1 General information of subsidiaries
                The directors are of the opinion that a complete list of particulars of all subsidiaries will be of excessive length and
                therefore the following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries as at 31 December 2023 and 2024 which
                principally affect the results or assets of the Group.


                                                                                                                            Percentage of
                                                Place of                                                                   nominal value of
                                                incorporation/                                                          issued share capital/
                                                registration                              Paid up issued/        registered capital and voting power
                Name of subsidiary              and operations Legal form               registered capital              held by the Company                    Principal activities
                                                                                                                    2024                      2023
                                                                                                             Directly Indirectly      Directly    Indirectly
                                                                                                                  %           %             %            %

                Dragon Merit Holdings Limited   Hong Kong        Limited liability       RMB639,800,001            –         100              –        100     Investment holding


                CSPC Weisheng Pharmaceutical    The PRC          Foreign investment      US$106,348,000          100           –         100              –    Manufacture and sale
                  (Shijiazhuang) Co., Ltd.                         enterprise with                                                                               of vitamin C products
                                                                   limited liability


                CSPC Zhongnuo                   The PRC          Sino-foreign equity     RMB678,555,900        88.82       10.57       88.82         10.57     Manufacturing and sale
                  Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                         joint venture with                                                                            of pharmaceutical
                                                                   limited liability                                                                             products


                CSPC Zhongqi Pharmaceutical     The PRC          Foreign investment       RMB39,754,680          100           –         100              –    Pharmaceutical research
                  Technology (Shijiazhuang)                        enterprise with                                                                               and development
                  Co., Ltd.                                        limited liability


                CSPC Yinhu Pharmaceutical       The PRC          Limited liability       RMB150,000,000            –       89.45              –      89.45     Manufacture and sale
                  Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                      of pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                                                 products


                CSPC Recomgen Pharmaceutical    The PRC          Limited liability       RMB203,341,507            –       83.96              –          69    Manufacture and sale of
                  (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd                                                                                                                           pharmaceutical product
                  (“Recomgen”)


                CSPC Zhongnuo Pharmaceutical    The PRC          Limited liability       RMB170,000,000            –       74.41              –      74.41     Manufacture and sales
                  (Taizhou) Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                            of health supplement
                                                                                                                                                                 products


                CSPC NBP Pharmaceutical         The PRC          Foreign investment      RMB413,594,300        54.06       45.94       54.06         45.94     Manufacture and sales of
                  Co., Ltd.                                        enterprise with                                                                               pharmaceutical products
                                                                   limited liability


                CSPC Ouyi Pharmaceutical        The PRC          Limited liability       RMB298,000,000            –         100              –        100     Manufacture and sales of
                  Co., Ltd. (“Ouyi”)                                                                                                                             pharmaceutical products


132   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



43. Particulars of Subsidiaries (continued)
    43.1 General information of subsidiaries (continued)


                                                                                                                       Percentage of
                                            Place of                                                                  nominal value of
                                            incorporation/                                                         issued share capital/
                                            registration                             Paid up issued/        registered capital and voting power
         Name of subsidiary                 and operations Legal form              registered capital              held by the Company                    Principal activities
                                                                                                               2024                      2023
                                                                                                        Directly Indirectly      Directly    Indirectly
                                                                                                             %           %             %            %

         CSPC Innovation                    The PRC          Limited liability     RMB1,404,592,944           –       74.41              –      74.41     Manufacture and sales of
                                                                                                                                                            caffeine products


         CSPC Baike (Shandong)              The PRC          Limited liability      RMB734,700,000            –         100              –        100     Manufacture and sales of
           Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                      pharmaceutical products


         CSPC Shengxue Glucose Co., Ltd. The PRC             Limited liability      RMB500,000,000            –         100              –        100     Manufacture and sales of
                                                                                                                                                            pharmaceutical products


         Hebei Zhongnuo GWK                 The PRC          Limited liability       RMB30,000,000            –       74.41              –      74.41     Manufacture and sales
           Medicines & Health Products                                                                                                                      of health supplement
           Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                        products


         CSPC Taizhou GWK                   The PRC          Limited liability       RMB70,000,000            –       74.41              –      74.41     Sales of health supplement
           Medicines & Health Products                                                                                                                      products
           Co., Ltd.


         CSPC Neimenggu Zhongnuo            The PRC          Limited liability       RMB66,867,900            –       99.39              –      99.39     Manufacture and sales of
           Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                         pharmaceutical products


         Shijiazhang Ouyihe Medical         The PRC          Foreign investment     RMB200,000,000          100           –         100              –    Sales of pharmaceutical
           Trading Co., Ltd.                                   enterprise with                                                                              products
                                                               limited liability


         Xinshi Biopharmaceutical Limited   The PRC          Limited liability      RMB132,800,000            –         100              –        100     Pharmaceutical research
                                                                                                                                                            and development


         CSPC Shanghai Co., Ltd.            The PRC          Limited liability      RMB800,000,000            –         100              –        100     Investment holding


         Shanghai Yishi Pharmaceutical      The PRC          Limited liability       RMB10,000,000            –         100              –        100     Pharmaceutical research
           Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                             and development




                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024               133
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      43. Particulars of Subsidiaries (continued)
           43.1 General information of subsidiaries (continued)


                                                                                                                            Percentage of
                                                   Place of                                                                nominal value of
                                                   incorporation/                                                       issued share capital/
                                                   registration                           Paid up issued/        registered capital and voting power
                Name of subsidiary                 and operations Legal form            registered capital              held by the Company                    Principal activities
                                                                                                                    2024                      2023
                                                                                                             Directly Indirectly      Directly    Indirectly
                                                                                                                  %           %             %            %

                Shanghai Runshi Pharmaceutical     The PRC          Limited liability     RMB10,000,000            –          89              –          89    Pharmaceutical research
                  Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                           and development

                CSPC Megalith Biopharmaceutical    The PRC          Limited liability   RMB2,040,816,326           –       86.94              –        100     Manufacture and sales of
                 Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                      vaccines

                Beijing Kangchuanglian             The PRC          Limited liability      RMB5,000,000            –         100              –        100     Pharmaceutical research
                  Biopharmaceutical Technology                                                                                                                   and development
                  Research Co., Ltd.

                Shanghai JMT-BIO Technology        The PRC          Limited liability     RMB70,000,000            –         100              –        100     Pharmaceutical research
                  Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                      and development

                Shanghai JMT-BIO                   The PRC          Limited liability     RMB20,000,000            –         100              –        100     Pharmaceutical research
                  Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                       and development

                Shanghai Novarock                  The PRC          Limited liability      US$10,000,000           –       68.73              –      68.73     Pharmaceutical research
                  Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                    and development

                Shanghai Alamab                    The PRC          Limited liability      US$10,000,000           –       79.69              –      79.69     Pharmaceutical research
                  Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                    and development

                Conjupro Bioerapecitics Inc.       USA              Limited liability       US$1,292,900           –         100              –        100     Pharmaceutical research
                                                                                                                                                                 and development

                CSPC Healthcare Inc.               USA              Limited liability          US$74,400           –         100              –        100     Sales of pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                                                 products

                CSPC Dophen Corporation            USA              Limited liability              US$10           –         100              –        100     Pharmaceutical research
                                                                                                                                                                 and development

                AlaMab Therapeutics, Inc.          USA              Limited liability             US$533           –       79.69              –      79.69     Pharmaceutical research
                                                                                                                                                                 and development

                Novarock Biotherapeutics Limited   USA              Limited liability             US$519           –       68.73              –      68.73     Pharmaceutical research
                                                                                                                                                                 and development




134   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



43. Particulars of Subsidiaries (continued)
    43.1 General information of subsidiaries (continued)


                                                                                                                        Percentage of
                                       Place of                                                                        nominal value of
                                       incorporation/                                                                issued share capital/
                                       registration                               Paid up issued/           registered capital and voting power
         Name of subsidiary            and operations Legal form                registered capital                   held by the Company                        Principal activities
                                                                                                               2024                       2023
                                                                                                      Directly Indirectly         Directly      Indirectly
                                                                                                             %             %            %               %

         CSPC Innovation USA Inc.      USA              Limited liability              US$50,000              –        74.41              –          74.41      Sales of pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                                                  products


         CSPC Dermay Europe GMBH       Germany          Limited liability              EUR50,000              –          100              –           100       Sales of pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                                                  products


         CSPC Deryang Europe GMBH      Germany          Limited liability              EUR50,000              –        74.41              –          74.41      Sales of pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                                                  products


         None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year or at any time during the year.


    43.2 Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests
         The table below shows details of a non-wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Group that have material non-
         controlling interests:


                                          Place of                          Proportion of ownership
                                          incorporation                       interests and voting                                                               Accumulated
                                          and principal                          rights held by                   Profit (loss) allocated to                    non-controlling
         Name of subsidiary               place of business                 non-controlling interests             non-controlling interests                         interests
                                                                                 2024                2023               2024                  2023                2024                 2023
                                                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000                 RMB’000           RMB’000

         CSPC Innovation                  The PRC                              25.59%           25.59%                 8,902            177,353              1,255,440        1,303,394
         Recomgen                         The PRC                              16.04%           31.00%                16,274              41,023              194,913            347,980
         Individually immaterial
           subsidiaries with
           non-controlling interests                                                                                 (14,386)           (19,008)              151,242            163,430

                                                                                                                      10,790            199,368              1,601,595        1,814,804


         Summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s subsidiaries that have material non-controlling
         interests is set out below. The summarised financial information below represents amounts before intragroup
         eliminations.




                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024                   135
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      43. Particulars of Subsidiaries (continued)
           43.2 Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests (continued)
                CSPC Innovation


                                                                                                 2024               2023
                                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

                Current assets                                                               2,802,403       4,219,882
                Non-current assets                                                           3,219,713       1,412,242
                Current liabilities                                                         (1,434,295)        (510,838)
                Non-current liabilities                                                        (91,891)         (34,123)
                Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                 3,730,544       3,781,240
                Non-controlling interests                                                      765,386       1,305,923
                Revenue                                                                      1,980,753       2,450,350
                (Loss)/profit for the year                                                    (303,213)        755,378

                Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
                  owners of the Company                                                         54,238         577,965
                (Loss)/profit and total comprehensive (expense)/income attributable to
                  the non-controlling interests                                               (356,939)        177,353

                (Loss)/profit and total comprehensive (expense)/income for the year           (302,701)        755,318

                Dividends paid to non-controlling interests of CSPC Innovation                  98,496          26,003

                Net cash (outflow)/inflow from operating activities                         (1,235,054)        927,241
                Net cash outflow from investing activities                                  (1,291,439)         (92,986)
                Net cash (outflow)/inflow from financing activities                           (392,514)        365,206
                Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                          7,800          31,165

                Net cash (outflow)/inflow                                                   (2,911,207)      1,230,626




136   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



43. Particulars of Subsidiaries (continued)
    43.2 Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests (continued)
         Recomgen


                                                                                          2024               2023
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000

         Current assets                                                                 280,087         164,638
         Non-current assets                                                           1,133,225       1,175,240
         Current liabilities                                                            (79,637)         (58,440)
         Non-current liabilities                                                       (118,613)        (126,581)
         Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                 1,020,149         806,877
         Non-controlling interests                                                      194,913         347,980
         Revenue                                                                        562,262         293,968
         Profit for the year                                                             60,205         119,875

         Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
           owners of the Company                                                         43,931          78,852
         Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
           the non-controlling interests                                                 16,274          41,023

         Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                              60,205         119,875

         Net cash inflow from operating activities                                       43,992          49,163
         Net cash outflow from investing activities                                     (38,495)         (64,534)
         Net cash (outflow)/inflow from financing activities                             (8,660)         48,856

         Net cash (outflow)/inflow                                                       (3,163)         33,485




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024     137
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      44. Statement of Financial Position and Reserves of the Company

                                                                                                       2024             2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000

           Non-current assets
           Property, plant and equipment                                                                700               872
           Investments in subsidiaries                                                            9,370,654        9,343,624
           Other financial assets                                                                    21,063            19,733
           Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                            223,142        2,910,124
           Right-of-use assets                                                                        3,106             5,199

                                                                                                  9,618,665       12,279,552

           Current assets
           Other receivables                                                                            926             2,546
           Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                          3,030,238          406,970
           Bank balances and cash                                                                   260,332          340,597

                                                                                                  3,291,496          750,113

           Current liabilities
           Other payables                                                                             2,829            71,794
           Tax liabilities                                                                           24,726            24,726
           Lease liabilities                                                                          2,641             2,462

                                                                                                     30,196            98,982

           Net current assets                                                                     3,261,300          651,131

           Total assets less current liabilities                                                12,879,965        12,930,683

           Non-current liability
           Lease liabilities                                                                            577             2,831

           Net assets                                                                           12,879,388        12,927,852

           Capital and reserves
           Share capital                                                                        11,032,752        10,899,412
           Reserves                                                                               1,846,636        2,028,440

           Total equity                                                                         12,879,388        12,927,852


           The Company’s statement of financial position was approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 28
           March 2025 and are signed on its behalf by:




                                    CAI Dongchen                                        ZHANG Cuilong
                                     DIRECTOR                                              DIRECTOR




138   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



44. Statement of Financial Position and Reserves of the Company (continued)
    Movement in the Company’s reserves


                                                                               Employee
                                                  Investments    Treasury    share-based         Capital
                                                    valuation      share compensation       contribution   Accumulated
                                                      reserve     reserve       reserves        reserve         profits         Total
                                                     RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000

    At 1 January 2023                                 (14,065)    (83,710)         9,475        149,780       1,798,635    1,860,115

    Profit for the year                                     –           –              –              –       3,118,362    3,118,362
    Other comprehensive expense for the year           (5,060)          –              –              –               –        (5,060)

    Total comprehensive (expense)/income
      for the year                                     (5,060)          –              –              –       3,118,362    3,113,302

    Dividend recognised as distribution                     –           –              –              –      (2,726,253)   (2,726,253)
    Purchase of shares under share award scheme             –    (254,348)             –              –               –     (254,348)
    Recognition of employee share-based
      compensation expense                                  –           –         42,030        193,952               –      235,982
    Cancellation of shares repurchased                      –           –              –              –        (200,358)    (200,358)
    Vesting shares under share award scheme                 –      21,844        (23,159)             –          1,315              –

    At 31 December 2023                               (19,125)   (316,214)        28,346        343,732       1,991,701    2,028,440

    Profit for the year                                     –           –              –              –       4,746,878    4,746,878
    Other comprehensive income for the year              481            –              –              –               –          481

    Total comprehensive income for the year              481            –              –              –       4,746,878    4,747,359

    Dividend recognised as distribution                     –           –              –              –      (3,233,815)   (3,233,815)
    Purchase of shares under share award scheme             –    (299,711)             –              –               –     (299,711)
    Recognition of employee share-based
      compensation expense                                  –           –         12,052        198,319               –      210,371
    Repurchase of shares                                    –           –              –              –      (1,579,098)   (1,579,098)
    Vesting shares under share award scheme                 –       3,884         (5,519)             –          1,635              –
    Exercise of share options                               –           –        (26,910)             –               –       (26,910)

    At 31 December 2024                               (18,644)   (612,041)         7,969        542,051       1,927,301    1,846,636




                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024        139
      Financial Summary


                                                             For the year ended 31 December
                                                  2020          2021           2022           2023           2024
                                              RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000

      Results
      Revenue                                24,942,204    27,866,870    30,936,904     31,450,109     29,009,254

      Profit before tax                       6,391,023     6,847,096     7,582,261      7,389,372      5,578,726
      Income tax expense                     (1,162,013)   (1,158,972)    (1,350,211)    (1,316,679)    (1,239,901)

      Profit for the year                     5,229,010     5,688,124     6,232,050      6,072,693      4,338,825

      Profit for the year attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                 5,159,655     5,605,185     6,091,390      5,873,325      4,328,035
        Non-controlling interests               69,355        82,939        140,660        199,368         10,790

                                              5,229,010     5,688,124     6,232,050      6,072,693      4,338,825

                                             RMB cents     RMB cents     RMB cents      RMB cents      RMB cents

      Earnings per share
        Basic                                    43.16         46.89          51.11          49.47          36.87
        Diluted                                  43.16         46.89          51.11          49.47          36.87


                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                  2020          2021           2022           2023           2024
                                              RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000

      Assets and liabilities
      Total assets                           30,070,206    34,741,576    41,769,774     46,282,170     44,388,991
      Total liabilities                      (6,969,133)   (7,913,345)   (10,127,899)   (11,264,158)   (10,522,701)

      Net assets                             23,101,073    26,828,231    31,641,875     35,018,012     33,866,290

      Equity attributable to owners
        of the Company                       22,332,288    25,986,672    30,197,534     33,203,208     32,264,695
      Non-controlling interests                768,785       841,559      1,444,341      1,814,804      1,601,595

      Total equity                           23,101,073    26,828,231    31,641,875     35,018,012     33,866,290




140   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
