     中期報告                                     Interim Report


   2024                                       2024




             2024 INTERIM REPORT 中 期 報 告
INNOVATION                                 INNOVATION
Contents




2     Corporate Information


3     Financial Highlights


4     Management Discussion and Analysis


21    Report on Review of Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements


22    Condensed Consolidated Income Statement


23    Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income


24    Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position


26    Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity


27    Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows


29    Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements


51    Other Information




                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2024   1
    Corporate Information


    Board of Directors                                          Company Secretary
    Executive Directors:                                        LO Tai On
    CAI Dongchen (Chairman)
    ZHANG Cuilong (Vice-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)   Registered Office
    PAN Weidong                                                 Suite 3206
    WANG Zhenguo                                                32nd Floor
    WANG Huaiyu                                                 Central Plaza
    LI Chunlei                                                  18 Harbour Road
    JIANG Hao                                                   Wan Chai
    YAO Bing                                                    Hong Kong
    CAI Xin
                                                                Share Registrar
    Independent Non-executive Directors:                        Tricor Secretaries Limited
    WANG Bo                                                     17/F, Far East Finance Centre
    CHEN Chuan                                                  16 Harcourt Road
    WANG Hongguang                                              Hong Kong
    AU Chun Kwok Alan
    LAW Cheuk Kin Stephen                                       Auditor
    LI Quan                                                     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
    Audit Committee
    AU Chun Kwok Alan (Chairman)                                Stock Exchange
    WANG Bo                                                     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
    CHEN Chuan
                                                                Stock Code
    Nomination Committee                                        1093
    CAI Dongchen (Chairman)
    WANG Bo                                                     Website
    CHEN Chuan                                                  www.cspc.com.hk


    Remuneration Committee
    AU Chun Kwok Alan (Chairman)
    WANG Bo
    CHEN Chuan




2   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Financial Highlights


                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                           2024                2023              Change

(in RMB’000, unless otherwise stated)


Revenue by business units:
  Finished drugs                                                                    13,549,079          12,933,714                +4.8%
  Bulk products                                                                      1,854,794            1,969,817               –5.8%
  Functional food and others                                                            880,409           1,176,881              –25.2%

Total revenue                                                                       16,284,282          16,080,412                +1.3%

Profit attributable to shareholders
  Underlying profit (note)                                                           3,216,870            3,161,861               +1.7%
  As reported                                                                        3,020,374            2,966,987               +1.8%


Earnings per shares (RMB cents)
  Based on underlying profit attributable to shareholders
  — Basic                                                                                 27.17                26.59              +2.2%
  — Diluted                                                                               27.17                26.59              +2.2%


  Based on reported profit attributable to shareholders
  — Basic                                                                                 25.51                24.95              +2.2%
  — Diluted                                                                               25.51                24.95              +2.2%


Interim dividend per share (HK cents)                                                     16.00                14.00             +14.3%

Note: Underlying profit attributable to shareholders, a non-HKFRS measure, represents profit before taking into account fair value changes
      on financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss and employee share-based compensation expense. Reconciliation
      between the reported and underlying profit is provided on page 19.




                                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2024       3
    Management Discussion and Analysis


    Results for the First Half of 2024
    Revenue amounted to RMB16,284 million, an increase of 1.3% over the same period last year.


    Underlying profit attributable to shareholders amounted to RMB3,217 million, an increase of 1.7% over the same period last
    year.


    Profit attributable to shareholders amounted to RMB3,020 million, an increase of 1.8% over the same period last year.


    Dividend and Share Buy-Backs
    The Board has declared an interim dividend of HK16 cents per share for 2024, an increase of 14.3% over the same period
    last year. The dividend will be payable on Wednesday, 20 November 2024 to shareholders whose names appear on the
    register of members of the Company on Wednesday, 6 November 2024.


    In the first half of 2024, the Company has completed share buy-back of HK$387 million. The Board has approved a further
    share buy-back of up to HK$1,000 million. The share buy-back, subject to market conditions, is expected to be completed
    before the conclusion of annual general meeting to be held in 2025. The share buy-back will be conducted pursuant to the
    general mandate granted to the Board by the shareholders of the Company at the annual general meeting held on 28 May
    2024. The shares bought back will be cancelled.


    The Board is of the view that it is in the best interests of the Company and the shareholders as a whole to conduct the share
    buy-back. Under the current uncertain market conditions, the share buy-back will demonstrate the Company’s confidence in
    its business prospects and enhance shareholders’ returns.


    Including the interim dividend and share buy-backs mentioned above, the Company’s total return to shareholders will reach
    HK$3,285 million.


    Overview
    The Group is an innovation-driven pharmaceutical enterprise with integrated research and development (R&D), manufacture
    and sales capabilities. With the corporate mission of “All for Better Medicine, All for a Healthier World”, the Group is
    committed to developing innovative products to address unmet clinical needs and provide innovative therapies for patients.


    The Group has built an internationalised R&D team with more than 2,000 professionals and key R&D centres located in
    Shijiazhuang, Shanghai, Beijing and the US respectively, focusing on the key therapeutic areas such as oncology, psychiatry
    and neurology, cardiovascular, immunology and respiratory, digestion and metabolism, and anti-infectives. Eight innovative
    technology R&D platforms have been established, encompassing nano-formulation, messenger RNA (mRNA), small
    interfering RNA (siRNA), antibodies/fusion proteins, cell therapy and antibody-drug conjugates (ADC), which provide strong
    support for the R&D in innovative drugs. The Group currently has approximately 130 innovative drug projects under
    development, including over 40 large molecule projects, over 40 small molecule projects and over 40 new preparation
    projects. It is expected that approximately 50 new products/new indications will be filed for marketing approval in the next 5
    years, which will provide continuous momentum for the Group’s development.




4   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



The Group has strong commercialisation capabilities. It currently has established a professional sales team of over 10,000
individuals, with extensive coverage in medical institutions across the country. We are now actively stepping up our efforts in
lower-tier market penetration and developing the potential of county-level markets to provide quality drugs to the grass roots.
Through patient-centric and clinical-data driven academic promotion, the Group’s sales team has successfully nurtured a
number of market-leading core products. The Group’s strong sales team and successful commercialisation experience will
safeguard the sales performance of its innovative drugs on the market.


Business Review
Finished Drug Business
In the first half of 2024, the finished drug business maintained stable. The Group continued to adopt the strategies of hospital
development, lower-tier market penetration, retail channel expansion, expansion of clinical applications and professional
academic promotion to drive the growth of finished drug products. During the period, market development of newly launched
products commenced in an orderly manner, bringing new growth momentum.


The finished drug business recorded a revenue of RMB13,549 million in the first half of year, representing a year-on-year
increase of 4.8%. Sales by major therapeutic areas are as follows:


Therapeutic Area                                                                                       Sales           Change
                                                                                               (RMB’ million)
Nervous system                                                                                         5,236           +15.0%
Oncology                                                                                               2,683            –10.2%
Anti-infectives                                                                                        2,307             +7.7%
Cardiovascular                                                                                         1,229             –4.5%
Respiratory system                                                                                       756            –13.5%
Digestion and metabolism                                                                                 647           +55.4%
Others                                                                                                   691             +8.3%


Nervous System
Major products include NBP (恩必普®) (butylphthalide soft capsules and butylphthalide and sodium chloride injection),
Mingfule (明復樂 ®) (recombinant human TNK tissue-type plasminogen activator for injection), Shuanling (舒安靈 ®)
(pentoxifylline extended-release tablets and pentoxifylline injection), Enliwei (恩理維®) (lacosamide injection and lacosamide
tablets), Enxi (恩悉®) (pramipexole dihydrochloride tablets), Oulaining (歐來寧®) (oxiracetam capsules and oxiracetam for
injection) and Oushuan (歐舒安®) (paliperidone extended-release tablets).


In the first half of 2024, NBP’s growth continued, while the marketing approval of a new indication of Mingfule for the
treatment of acute ischemic stroke patients provided a new growth driver.


•     NBP is a Class 1 new chemical drug and a patent-protected exclusive product indicated for the treatment of acute
      ischemic stroke. The product is recommended by many professional organisations and guidelines and is one of the
      major drugs for this indication. A number of key studies, including the BAST study, have been published successively
      in the first half of 2024 to provide new marketing points and evidence-based support to drive product’s continuous
      growth.




                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2024     5
    Management Discussion and Analysis



    •     Mingfule is a third-generation thrombolytic drug with its own intellectual property rights. The market potential of the
          product has been expanded through extension of indication from the field of cardiovascular to nervous system. The
          product is the first of its kind to be approved in China for the thrombolytic treatment in patients with acute ischemic
          stroke and has been included in the Chinese Guidelines for Clinical Management of Cerebrovascular Diseases 2023
          (《中國腦血管病臨床管理指南2023》) and the Chinese Guidelines for Endovascular Treatment of Acute Ischemic
          Stroke 2023 (《急性缺血性卒中血管內治療中國指南2023》). The product has also received the highest level of award
          (Class I recommendation, level of evidence A) in the Chinese Guidelines for Diagnosis and Treatment of Acute Ischemic
          Stroke 2023 (《中國急性缺血性卒中診治指南2023》) published by the Chinese Medical Association Neurology
          Branch (中華醫學會神經病學分會) in June 2024. This honour demonstrates the excellent efficacy and safety of
          Mingfule in this indication and lays a solid foundation for its wider application in the field of neurology.


    •     Shuanling is a non-selective phosphodiesterase inhibitor that can comprehensively improve microcirculation through
          multiple mechanisms of action. The market potential has further expanded with the doctors at tiered-hospitals having
          an enhanced understanding of the product and the continuous penetration into lower-tier markets.


    •     Enxi is a drug used for the treatment of the signs and symptoms of adult idiopathic Parkinson’s disease and has been
          selected in volume-based procurement (VBP). During the period, the market coverage has further expanded through
          lower-tier market penetration and retail channel expansion.


    •     Oushuan, a drug used for the treatment of schizophrenia, has the lowest daily treatment cost among paliperidone
          products currently available. Its marketing initiatives are in progress.


    Oncology
    Major products include Jinyouli (津優力®) (PEG-rhG-CSF injection), Duomeisu (多美素®) (doxorubicin hydrochloride liposome
    injection), Keaili (克艾力®) (paclitaxel for injection (albumin-bound)), Duoenyi (多恩益®) (irinotecan hydrochloride liposome
    injection), Duoenda (多恩達®) (mitoxantrone hydrochloride liposome injection), Jinlitai (津立泰®) (narlumosbart injection) and
    Geruite (戈瑞特®) (lenvatinib mesilate capsules).


    As affected by the VBP of pharmaceutical products in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei “3+N” Alliance, the sales of Jinyouli and
    Duomeisu declined during the period, while the sales of new products such as Duoenyi, Duoenda and Geruite increased
    rapidly.


    •     Jinyouli is the first long-acting white blood cell booster drug developed in China. It is a Class 1 new therapeutic
          biological drug used to prevent and treat incidence of infection and pyrexia due to low neutrophil count in patients
          receiving chemotherapy. The product is unanimously recommended by domestic and foreign guidelines and has won
          multiple national awards. Marketing efforts currently focus on promoting the long-acting formulation, expanding the
          coverage in core hospitals in prefecture-level cities, lower-tier market penetration and driving sales ramp-up in VBP
          regions.


    •     Duomeisu is a drug developed by the National Key Laboratory for New Pharmaceutical Preparations and Excipients of
          the Group and supported by the Major New Drug Development project in China. It is recommended by the US National
          Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN) Guidelines and the Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology (CSCO) for the first-
          line treatment of lymphoma, ovarian cancer, relapsed or metastatic breast cancer, soft tissue sarcoma and AIDS-
          related Kaposi’s sarcoma. Duomeisu is a leading brand of liposomal doxorubicin in China. The Group will continue to
          conduct professional academic promotion, enhance lower-tier market penetration and increase market coverage.




6   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



•   Keaili is a new-generation paclitaxel chemotherapy drug with recommendation in domestic and foreign guidelines and
    expert consensus for therapeutic areas such as breast cancer, lung cancer, ovarian cancer, gastric cancer, pancreatic
    cancer and esophageal cancer. The Group will fully leverage on Keaili’s low-price advantage to promote its usage in
    more therapeutic areas, continue to promote the replacement of conventional paclitaxel drugs and expand the market
    potential through enhancing lower-tier market penetration.


•   Duoenyi is the first generic irinotecan hydrochloride liposome injection in China. It was approved in September 2023 for
    use in combination with 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) and leucovorin (LV) for the treatment of patients with metastatic pancreatic
    cancer that has progressed after receiving gemcitabine treatment. The product is recommended by the CSCO, China
    Anti-Cancer Association (CACA) and NCCN guidelines, where the CSCO Guidelines recommend the combination
    regimen as a Class I recommendation for the second-line and above treatment of metastatic pancreatic cancer and for
    inclusion in the first-line treatment of pancreatic cancer. The marketing efforts of the product currently focus on
    gastrointestinal stromal tumors, including pancreatic cancer, biliary tract tumors, colorectal cancer and other solid
    tumors.


•   Duoenda, a Class 2 new chemical drug developed by the Group for the treatment of relapsed/refractory peripheral T-cell
    lymphoma, is the world’s first mitoxantrone liposomal drug on the market with patents in several countries. The
    product was launched in 2022 and was included in the National Reimbursement Drug List (NRDL) in December 2023.
    In April 2024, the 2024 Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology Guidelines for Malignant Hematologic Diseases (《中國臨
    床腫瘤學會惡性血液病指南2024》) added mitoxantrone liposomes in combination with cytarabine or etoposide as a
    Class III recommendation for the treatment of relapsed and refractory acute myeloid leukaemia (AML). Through
    professional academic promotion and continuous provision of supplemental medical evidence, the product has
    received positive market response since its launch. Currently, the product is under active exploration and research in
    the field of hematological tumors including T-cell lymphoma, diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, acute myeloid leukemia
    and multiple myeloma, and solid tumors including nasopharyngeal cancer.


•   Jinlitai is a Class 1 new therapeutic biological drug with marketing approval obtained in September 2023. It is the
    world’s first IgG4 RANKL inhibitor developed by the Group, and is used for giant cell tumor of bone, tumor bone
    metastasis and the treatment of osteoporosis. Compared with denosumab, it has a faster onset of action (median time
    to tumor response of 0.95 month for narlumosbart compared to 3.1 months for denosumab) and good safety profile
    (incidence of skeletal-related events is only 3.1% and incidence of grade ≥3 hypocalcemia is lower). Narlumosbart has
    been included in the recommendation of the Chinese Clinical Guidelines on Diagnosis and Treatment of Lung Cancer
    Bone Metastasis (2024 Edition) (《中國肺癌骨轉移臨床診療指南(2024版)》). The Group has set up a dedicated sales
    team to actively initiate marketing activities to promote the product and strive for rapid market coverage. Currently, the
    product is also under active exploration and research in the fields of bone metastasis in solid tumor, multiple myeloma
    bone disease and osteoporosis.


•   Geruite is indicated for patients with unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma who have not received systemic therapy,
    and patients with progressive, locally advanced or metastatic radioactive iodine-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer.
    It is recognised by the CSCO, CACA and NCCN guidelines. The focus of Geruite is currently on liver cancer, and at the
    same time, expanding into endometrial cancer, kidney cancer, thyroid cancer, biliary tract tumors and other tumor
    types.




                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2024     7
    Management Discussion and Analysis



    Anti-infectives
    Major products include Anfulike (安複利克®) (amphotericin B cholesteryl sulfate complex for injection), Shuluoke (舒羅克®)
    (meropenem for injection), Nuomoling (諾莫靈®) (amoxicillin capsules), Xianqu (先曲®) (ceftriaxone sodium for injection),
    Xianwu (先伍®) (cefazolin sodium for injection), Zhongnuo Lixin (中諾立新®) (cefuroxime sodium for injection) and Weihong (維
    宏®) (azithromycin tablets/capsules/enteric tablets, azithromycin for injection).


    During the period, the market demand for anti-infective products continued to grow steadily, while the sales of Anfulike
    increased significantly through continuous academic promotion to enhance doctors’ understanding of the clinical advantage
    of the product.


    •     Anfulike is recommended jointly by the State Ministry of Industry and Health Care Commission as a “clinically urgent,
          market-deficient” product. It was granted drug registration approval after passing a priority review in March 2021 for
          the treatment of patients with invasive fungal infections. With modification of the product’s lipid structure, the incidence
          of nephrotoxicity and hypokalaemia is reduced. It can be used by patients with renal impairment or drug toxicity which
          precludes the use of effective dose of amphotericin B, or patients who have failed in prior amphotericin B deoxycholate
          treatment. Anfulike has high accessibility as it has been included in the NRDL. The Group strives to enhance doctors’
          understanding of the clinical advantage of the product, expand its market coverage and develop its clinical application
          in hematology, severe illness, respiratory and infection departments to achieve sales growth.


    Cardiovascular
    Major products include Xuanning (玄寧®) (maleate levamlodipine tablets and dispersible tablets), Encun (恩存®) (clopidogrel
    bisulfate tablets), Daxinning (達新寧®) (dronedarone hydrochloride tablets), Abikang (阿比康®) (aspirin enteric tablets),
    Yishuning (意舒寧 ®) (nifedipine controlled-release tablets), Mingfule (明復樂 ®) (recombinant human TNK tissue-type
    plasminogen activator for injection) and Meiluolin (美洛林®) (ticagrelor tablets).


    During the period, the sales of Xuanning declined due to the impact of VBP, while the sales of Encun, Yishuning and
    Daxinning continued to record favourable growth.


    •     Xuanning is mainly used for the treatment of hypertension, chronic stable angina and variant angina, and is a product
          in the NRDL and essential drug list. Following the inclusion of other levamlodipine products on the market in the eighth
          batch of national VBP in 2023, the sales of Xuanning have been adversely affected. The Group is now adopting all-
          channel promotion strategy to deepen the expansion into lower-tier and private markets, and enhance promotion in
          online sales channel.


    •     Encun is a platelet aggregation inhibitor, which is mainly used to prevent atherosclerotic thrombotic events such as
          myocardial infarction and ischemic stroke. The product is the only domestically produced clopidogrel in China that has
          obtained the US FDA approval and was included in the first batch of the national VBP expansion. In the future, we will
          actively respond to the national VBP policy and strengthen lower-tier market penetration to further improve
          accessibility.




8   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



•     Mingfule is a third-generation thrombolytic drug with its own intellectual property rights, focusing on the thrombolysis
      treatment in patients with acute myocardial infarction within 6 hours of onset. It is a preferred thrombolytic drug
      recommended by authoritative guidelines, including the Guidelines for the Rational Medication for Thrombolytic
      Treatment of Acute ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction (2nd Edition), Chinese Expert Consensus on
      Microcirculation Protection Strategies for Emergency PCI in Patients with ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction,
      and Chinese Expert Consensus on Prehospital Thrombolytic Therapy for ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction,
      occupying a leading position in the cardiovascular emergency field.


Respiratory System
Major products include Yiluoda (伊絡達®) (nintedanib capsules), Qixin (琦昕®) (oseltamivir phosphate capsules), Qixiao (琦效®)
(arbidol hydrochloride tablets), Nuoyian (諾一安®) (montelukast sodium tablets/chewable tablets), Zhongnuo Like (中諾立克®)
(ambroxol hydrochloride oral solution) and Zhongnuoping (中諾平®) (ambroxol hydrochloride extended-release tablets).


In the first half of 2024, benefiting from effective promotion strategies and strong market demand, the sales of Yiluoda and
Nuoyian increased significantly, while the sales of Qixiao decreased due to a decline in market demand.


•     Yiluoda is the first-to-market generic nintedanib drug in China, which is indicated for the treatment of systemic
      sclerosis-associated interstitial lung disease (SSc-ILD) and progressive fibrosing interstitial lung diseases (PF-ILD). Sales
      of the product have grown steadily since its launch in 2022. In January 2024, the indication of nintedanib esilate soft
      capsules for the treatment of PF-ILD was included in the NRDL. This is the third indication of the product being
      included in the NRDL (after idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis and SSc-ILD), which further improves the product’s
      accessibility.


•     Qixin is the preferred drug for the prevention and treatment of influenza, and was included in the NRDL and essential
      drug list. The product was selected in the seventh batch of national VBP in July 2022.


Digestion and Metabolism
Major products include Linmeixin (林美欣®) (glimepiride dispersible tablets), Shuanglexin (雙樂欣®) (metformin hydrochloride
tablets/extended-release tablets), Xinweiping (欣維平®) (acarbose tablets), Oubeituo (歐倍妥®) (esomeprazole capsules) and
Debixin (得必欣®) (omeprazole capsules/tablets/injection).


Benefiting from effective promotional strategies and market demand, the sales in the digestion and metabolism field during
the period increased significantly as compared to the same period last year, with the growth of Oubeituo and Debixin being
particularly significant.


•     Oubeituo is indicated for acid-related disorders such as gastro-esophageal reflux disease, stomach ulcers caused by
      non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), and the eradication of Helicobacter pylori (Hp) in combination with
      antibiotics. It has been widely recommended by the Chinese Journal of Gastroenterology (《中華消化雜誌》) and the
      Chinese Journal of General Practitioners (《中華全科醫師雜誌》). Through a wide range of patient services (such as
      free Hp screening, patient disease knowledge education, etc.) to enhance brand influence and patient awareness of
      medication, Oubeituo has achieved rapid sales growth and become a leading brand among esomeprazole drugs in
      China.




                                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2024      9
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Other Therapeutic Areas
     Major products include Oubida (歐必達®) (apremilast tablets), Gujie (固杰®) (tofacitinib citrate extended-release tablets),
     Gubang (固邦®) (alendronate sodium tablets/enteric tablets), Xianpai (先派®) (omeprazole sodium for injection) and Qimaite (奇
     邁特®) (tramadol hydrochloride tablets).


     Bulk Product Business
     In the first half of 2024, the bulk product business recorded sales of RMB1,855 million, a year-on-year decrease of 5.8%.


     •     Sales of vitamin C products amounted to RMB984 million, a year-on-year decrease of 5.4%, which was mainly due to
           the decline in market demand during the period. With the gradual adjustment of market supply, selling prices slowly
           recovered during the period. The Group will adjust its sales strategies in accordance with the changes in market
           conditions, and at the same time proactively enhance its overseas sales networks to further increase market share.


     •     Sales of antibiotic products amounted to RMB871 million, a year-on-year decrease of 6.4%, which was mainly affected
           by the decrease in demand in overseas markets. The Group will be market-oriented, continue to improve its product
           chain and optimise the sales, production, quality and registration processes in order to enhance its ability to develop
           high-end markets.


     Functional Food and Others Business
     In the first half of 2024, the functional food and others business recorded sales of RMB880 million, a year-on-year decrease
     of 25.2%, which was mainly affected by the decrease in the price of caffeine products.


     Research and Development
     R&D expenses for the first half of 2024 increased by 10.3% to RMB2,542 million as compared with the same period last
     year, accounting for approximately 18.8% of the revenue from the finished drug business. Currently, more than 60 key drug
     candidates have entered into clinical trial or registration stage, of which 7 candidates have filed marketing approval
     application and 19 products (22 indications) have entered pivotal clinical trial stage.




10   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Regulatory Updates
Since the beginning of the year, 2 innovative drugs (additional indication) have obtained marketing approval, 22 innovative
drug candidates have obtained clinical trial approval and 5 generic drugs have obtained drug registration approval in China;
and 3 innovative drug candidates have obtained clinical trial approval in North America.


China
•       In February 2024, Mingfule (明復樂®) (recombinant human TNK tissue-type plasminogen activator for injection) (rhTNK-
        tPA) obtained marketing approval for the thrombolytic treatment in patients with acute ischemic stroke. It is the first
        approval for this indication of this product type in China, and the second approved indication of the product.


•       In June 2024, Enshuxing (恩舒幸®) (recombinant fully human anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody) obtained conditional
        marketing approval for the treatment of recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer patients with positive PD-L1 (CPS≥1)
        expression who have previously failed to respond to platinum-based chemotherapy.


•       10 innovative drug candidates have obtained clinical trial approval for their first indications and 12 additional indications
        have obtained clinical trial approval:


        First Indication


        Drug Candidate                                      Indication

        JMT202 (mAb)                                        Lowering of triglyceride (TG) levels in patients with hypertriglyceridemia

        SYS6023 (ADC)                                       Advanced solid tumors

        SYH2039 (MAT2A)                                     Advanced malignant tumors

        Dexmedetomidine hydrochloride nasal spray           Sedation before invasive procedures

        Pilocarpine hydrochloride eye drops                 Presbyopia

        Pregabalin extended-release tablets                 Neuropathic pain associated with diabetic peripheral neuropathy

        Semaglutide injection                               Weight management

        SYS6020 injection (CAR-T)                           Recurrent or refractory multiple myeloma

        Aprepitant injection                                Prevention of nausea and vomiting after surgery in adults

        SYS6016 injection (mRNA vaccine)                    Prevention of lower respiratory tract diseases caused by RSV infections




                                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2024     11
     Management Discussion and Analysis



          Additional Indication


          Drug Candidate                                      Indication

          SYSA1801 injection                                  In combination with CAPOX and SG001 or with irinotecan hydrochloride
                                                              liposome injection for first-line and second-line treatment of Claudin18.2-
                                                              positive gastric cancer

          JMT101 injection                                    In combination with docetaxel (albumin-bound) for treatment of second-
                                                              line and above EGFR lung squamous cell carcinoma

          Simmitinib hydrochloride tablets                    In combination with irinotecan liposome for the treatment of advanced
                                                              esophageal cancer

          Sirolimus for injection (albumin-bound)             In combination with endocrine therapy for the treatment of HR-positive
                                                              HER2-negative advanced breast cancer after failure of standard therapy

          Docetaxel for injection (albumin-bound)             In combination with glumetinib for the treatment of locally advanced/
                                                              recurrent or distant metastasis MET-overexpression non-small cell lung
                                                              cancer

          SYH2043 tablets                                     In combination with fulvestrant for the treatment of advanced breast
                                                              cancer

          Cisplatin micelle injection                         In combination with paclitaxel for the treatment of advanced solid tumors

          Octreotide long-acting injection                    Gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumors

          Irinotecan liposome injection                       In combination with oxaliplatin and tegafur for adjuvant treatment of
                                                              pancreatic cancer

          DP303c injection                                    In combination with simmitinib hydrochloride or irinotecan liposome for
                                                              the treatment of HER2-expressing locally advanced or metastatic gastric
                                                              adenocarcinoma or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma

          Simmitinib hydrochloride tablets                    In combination with DP303c injection for the treatment of HER2 low-
                                                              expressing recurrent/metastatic breast cancer

          SYS6002 for injection (Nectin-4 ADC)                In combination with recombinant fully human anti-PD-1 monoclonal
                                                              antibody injection for the treatment of advanced solid tumors


     •    Since the beginning of the year, a total of 5 generic drugs have obtained drug registration approval, namely
          dapagliflozin tablets, peramivir injection, olaparib tablets, palbociclib tablets and roxadustat capsules.




12   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



North America
•    In January 2024, JMT106 injection (bispecific fusion protein targeting GPC3 and interferon receptors) obtained clinical
     trial approval in the US.


•    In April 2024, SYH2039 tablets (MAT2A inhibitor) obtained clinical trial approval in the US.


•    In July 2024, SYS6023 (ADC) obtained clinical trial approval in the US.


Major Clinical Trials Progress
DP303c (recombinant humanised anti-HER2 monoclonal antibody-MMAE conjugate for injection)
•    In February 2024, the phase III trial for the treatment of second-line and above HER2-positive advanced breast cancer
     was initiated in China. The study is currently in the enrollment stage.


Daunorubicin cytarabine liposome for injection
•    In February 2024, the phase III trial for the treatment of high-risk secondary AML in the elderly patients who have not
     been previously treated was initiated in China. The study is currently in the enrollment stage.


Docetaxel for injection (albumin-bound)
•    In February 2024, the phase III clinical study comparing to Taxotere® for the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic
     gastric adenocarcinoma or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma that has previously failed first-line treatments
     was initiated in China. The study is currently in the enrollment stage.


Semaglutide injection
•    In February 2024, the phase III clinical study for the treatment of type 2 diabetes was initiated in China. The study is
     currently in the enrollment stage.


JMT103 (narlumosbart injection)
•    In March 2024, the phase III trial for the treatment of bone metastasis of malignant solid tumors was initiated in China.
     The study is currently in the enrollment stage.


SYHX2011 (paclitaxel for injection (albumin-bound) II)
•    In March 2024, subject enrollment of the phase III trial for the treatment of advanced breast cancer initiated in China
     was completed.


Pregabalin extended-release tablets
•    In May 2024, the phase III trial for neuropathic pain associated with diabetic peripheral neuropathy was initiated in
     China. The study is currently in the enrollment stage.




                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2024     13
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Secukinumab injection
     •    In June 2024, the phase III trial comparing to Cosentyx® for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis was
          initiated in China. The study is currently in the enrollment stage.


     TG103 injection (GLP-1 receptor agonists)
     •    In January 2024, subject enrollment of the phase III trial for the treatment of overweight and obesity initiated in China
          was completed.


     •    In April 2024, the phase III clinical study for the treatment of type 2 diabetes was initiated in China. The study is
          currently in the enrollment stage.


     JMT101 (recombinant humanised anti-epidermal growth factor receptor monoclonal antibody injection)
     •    In April 2024, the phase III trial of JMT101 in combination with osimertinib comparing to cisplatin in combination with
          pemetrexed for the treatment of NSCLC patients with first-line EGFR exon 20 insertion mutations was initiated in
          China. The study is currently in the enrollment stage.


     Publication of Major Clinical Trial Results
     SYS6002 for injection (anti-Nectin-4 monoclonal antibody-drug conjugate)
     •    In January 2024, the results of a phase I clinical study for the treatment of advanced solid tumors were presented at
          the 2024 ASCO-GU Conference (No. B622). Preliminary results indicated that SYS6002 demonstrates clear efficacy
          signals and good tolerability in advanced solid tumors such as cervical cancer and urothelial cancer.


     •    In May 2024, the results of a phase I clinical study for the treatment of advanced solid tumors were presented in a
          poster session at the 2024 ASCO Conference (No. 3151). Preliminary results indicated that SYS6002 demonstrates
          clear efficacy signals and good tolerability in patients with advanced solid tumors.


     DBPR108 (prusogliptin tablets)
     •    In January 2024, the results of a phase III clinical study of the monotherapy for the treatment of diabetes were
          published in the international journal Diabetes, Obesity & Metabolism. The results demonstrated that the hypoglycemic
          efficacy of DBPR108 tablets is significantly better than the placebo group and non-inferior to the active group of
          sitagliptin phosphate tablets. In addition, the safety profile of DBPR108 tablets is similar to the placebo group and the
          active group of sitagliptin phosphate tablets.


     Duentai (SARS-CoV-2 mRNA vaccine)
     •    From February 2024 to March 2024, multiple clinical study results of the first-generation COVID-19 mRNA vaccine
          were published in international journals Emerging Microbes & Infections, Vaccine and Journal of Medical Virology,
          respectively, demonstrating that the vaccine has good protective efficacy and immunogenicity as well as a good safety
          profile, and that it has a certain protective effect against XBB mutant strains.


     •    In March 2024, the results of a phase I clinical study of the bivalent COVID-19 mRNA vaccine (XBB.1.5/BQ.1)
          (SYS6006.32) were published in the international journal Vaccine, demonstrating that the vaccine has a good safety
          profile and good immunogenicity, and can produce cross-immunity against multiple mutant strains.




14   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



JMT101 (recombinant humanised anti-epidermal growth factor receptor monoclonal antibody injection)
•    In March 2024, the results of a phase II clinical trial (BECOME) of JMT101 in combination with osimertinib for the
     treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC carrying EGFR exon 20 insertion mutations were
     orally presented at the European Lung Cancer Congress 2024 (2024 ELCC), demonstrating the high potential efficacy
     of JMT101 in combination with osimertinib in NSCLC patients with EGFR exon 20 insertion mutations, and a
     controllable safety profile.


TG103 injection (GLP-1 receptor agonists)
•    In April 2024, the results of a phase Ib clinical study of the monotherapy for overweight or obesity without type II
     diabetes were published in the international journal BMC Medicine. The results indicated that the weight-reducing
     efficacy of TG103 monotherapy is significantly better than the placebo group.


SG001 (enlonstobart injection)
•    In May 2024, the results of a phase Ib clinical study of SG001 monotherapy for recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer
     were published in the international journal Cancer Communications. The results indicated that SG001 monotherapy
     demonstrates good efficacy with a controllable safety profile, and that it has great potential for future combination
     treatments in recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer.


•    In May 2024, the results of a phase II clinical study of SG001 monotherapy for recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer
     were presented in a poster session at the 2024 ASCO Annual Conference (No. 5526). The study results indicated that
     SG001 monotherapy demonstrates durable anti-tumor activity and an acceptable safety profile in patients with PD-L1
     positive recurrent/metastatic cervical cancer.


Simmitinib hydrochloride tablets
•    In May 2024, the results of a phase I clinical study of simmitinib hydrochloride tablets for the treatment of advanced
     solid tumors were presented in a poster session at the 2024 ASCO Annual Conference (No. 3109). Preliminary study
     results indicated that simmitinib hydrochloride tablets have a controllable safety profile and demonstrates good efficacy
     in patients with esophageal squamous cell carcinoma.


JMT103 (narlumosbart injection)
•    In May 2024, the results of a phase Ib clinical study of JMT103 for the treatment of bone metastasis of solid tumors
     were presented online at the 2024 ASCO Annual Conference (No. e15190). Preliminary study results indicated that
     JMT103 has low immunogenicity and a good safety profile, and demonstrates good efficacy in reducing biomarkers of
     bone metabolism.


Docetaxel for injection (albumin-bound)
•    In May 2024, the results of a phase II clinical study of docetaxel albumin for the treatment of gastric adenocarcinoma
     or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma were presented online at the 2024 ASCO Annual Conference (No.
     e16018). Preliminary study results indicated that docetaxel albumin has a controllable safety profile and demonstrates
     good efficacy in patients with gastric adenocarcinoma or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma.




                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2024     15
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Clinical Pipeline Overview
     Registration and Pivotal Trial Stage


     Drug candidate                      Type                    Target                Indication(s)           Status

     Prusogliptin tablets (DBPR108)      Chemical drug           DPP-4 inhibitor       Type 2 diabetes         Marketing approval
                                                                                                               application submitted

     Recombinant anti-IgE monoclonal     Biological drug         Anti-IgE              Chronic spontaneous     Marketing approval
     antibody for injection              (monoclonal antibody)   monoclonal antibody   urticaria               application submitted

     Meloxicam nanocrystal injection     Nanodrug                Selective COX-2       Moderate-to-severe      Marketing approval
                                                                 inhibitor             pain in adults          application submitted

     Amphotericin B liposome for         Nanodrug                Anti-infective,       Invasive fungal         Marketing approval
     injection                                                   nonspecific drug      infection               application submitted
                                                                                                               (China and US)

     Irinotecan hydrochloride liposome   Nanodrug                Topoisomerase         Pancreatic cancer       Marketing approval
     injection                                                   inhibitor                                     application submitted (US)

     Clevidipine butyrate injectable     Nanodrug                Calcium channel       Hypertension            Marketing approval
     emulsion                                                    blocker                                       application submitted

     Batoclimab (HBM9161)                Biological drug         FcRn                  Myasthenia gravis       Marketing approval
                                         (monoclonal antibody)                                                 application submitted

     Recombinant humanised anti-HER2 Biological drug (ADC)       HER2 receptor (ADC)   Breast cancer           Pivotal trial
     monoclonal antibody – MMAE
     conjugate injection (DP303c)

     Recombinant humanised               Biological drug         EGFR                  Non-small cell lung     Pivotal trial
     anti-epidermal growth factor        (monoclonal antibody)                         cancer
     receptor monoclonal antibody
     injection (JMT101)

     KN026 injection                     Biological drug         HER2 bispecific       Gastric cancer/Breast Pivotal trial
                                         (bispecific antibody)   antibody              cancer

     Pertuzumab injection                Biological drug         HER2                  Breast cancer           Pivotal trial
                                         (monoclonal antibody)

     TG103 injection                     Biological drug         GLP-1 receptor        Obesity and             Pivotal trial
                                         (monoclonal antibody)   agonist               overweight/Diabetes

     CM310 injection                     Biological drug         Anti-IL-4Rα           Asthma                  Pivotal trial
                                         (monoclonal antibody)   monoclonal antibody




16   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Drug candidate                     Type                    Target                   Indication(s)             Status

Ustekinumab injection              Biological drug         IL-12/IL-23p40           Psoriasis                 Pivotal trial
(SYSA1902)                         (monoclonal antibody)

SYHX2011                           Nanodrug                Microtubule inhibitor    Breast cancer             Pivotal trial

Daunorubicin cytarabine liposome   Nanodrug                RNA/DNA polymerase Leukemia                        Pivotal trial
for injection                                              inhibitor

Docetaxel for injection            Nanodrug                Microtubule inhibitor    Gastric cancer/           Pivotal trial
(albumin-bound)                                                                     Pancreatic cancer

Semaglutide injection              Chemical drug           GLP-1Ra/GLP-1            Diabetes                  Pivotal trial
                                                           receptor agonist

Mitoxantrone hydrochloride         Nanodrug                Cell-cycle nonspecific   Nasopharyngeal            Pivotal trial
liposome injection                                         drug                     cancer

Narlumosbart injection             Biological drug         RANKL                    Bone metastasis of        Pivotal trial
(JMT103)                           (monoclonal antibody)                            malignant solid tumors

Pregabalin extended-release tablets Chemical drug          γ-GABA analogue          Neuropathic pain          Pivotal trial
                                                                                    associated with
                                                                                    diabetic peripheral
                                                                                    neuropathy

Pilocarpine hydrochloride eye drops Chemical drug          Cholinergic muscarinic Presbyopia                  Pivotal trial
                                                           agonist

Secukinumab injection              Biological drug         IL-17 monoclonal         Psoriasis                 Pivotal trial
                                   (monoclonal antibody)   antibody

SYHX1901 tablets                   Chemical drug           JAK&SYK dual-target      Psoriasis                 Pivotal trial
                                                           inhibitor

Aprepitant injection               New preparation         NK-1 receptor            Prevention of nausea      Pivotal trial
                                                           antagonist               and vomiting after
                                                                                    surgery

Sirolimus for injection            Nanodrug                mTOR inhibitor           Perivascular epithelioid Pivotal trial
(albumin-bound)                                                                     cell tumor (PEComa)


Patents
Since the beginning of 2024, 30 international PCT applications and 154 patent applications (95 domestic and 59 overseas)
have been filed, and 52 patents (28 domestic and 24 overseas) have been granted. As of 31 July 2024, the Group has
cumulatively filed 192 international PCT applications and 1,948 patent applications (1,279 domestic and 669 overseas) and
has been granted 951 patents (633 domestic and 318 overseas).




                                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2024   17
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Financial Review
     Financial Results
     Revenue and Gross Profit Margin
     Revenue for the first half of 2024 amounted to RMB16,284 million, an increase of 1.3% compared to RMB16,080 million in
     the first half of 2023. Gross profit margin for the period increased by 1.7 percentage point to 71.6%, which was mainly
     attributable to a higher proportion of revenue from the finished drug business.


     Other Income
     Other income for the first half of 2024 amounted to RMB315 million (first half of 2023: RMB249 million), mainly consisting of
     interest income on bank deposits and balances of RMB125 million (first half of 2023: RMB125 million), government grant
     income of RMB49 million (first half of 2023: RMB60 million) and agency income of RMB42 million (first half of 2023: RMB6
     million).


     Other Gains or Losses, Net
     A net loss of RMB108 million was reported in the first half of 2024 (first half of 2023: net gain of RMB20 million), mainly
     consisting of fair value loss on financial assets measured at FVTPL of RMB84 million (first half of 2023: loss of RMB91
     million), net foreign exchange loss of RMB14 million (first half of 2023: gain of RMB85 million) and fair value gain on structured
     bank deposits of RMB23 million (first half of 2023: gain of RMB58 million).


     Operating Expenses
     Selling and distribution expenses for the first half of 2024 amounted to RMB4,777 million, a decrease of 2.5% compared to
     RMB4,902 million in the first half of 2023. During the period, the Group continued to expand the market coverage of its
     products and actively promote newly launched products. With enhanced efficiency of marketing activities, a lower expense
     ratio was achieved.


     Administrative expenses for the first half of 2024 amounted to RMB633 million, an increase of 18.1% compared to RMB536
     million in the first half of 2023, which was mainly due to the increase in staff costs.


     R&D expenses for the first half of 2024 amounted to RMB2,542 million, an increase of 10.3% compared to RMB2,304 million
     in the first half of 2023, which was primarily attributable to the increased spending on ongoing and newly initiated clinical
     trials.


     Income Tax Expense
     Income tax expense for the first half of 2024 amounted to RMB750 million (first half of 2023: RMB624 million), which
     represented provision of income tax expense based on the taxable profit of the subsidiaries and PRC withholding tax on
     dividend distributions by the subsidiaries.




18   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Non-HKFRS Measure
For the purpose of assessing the performance of the Group, the Company has also presented the underlying profit
attributable to shareholders as an additional financial measure, which is not required by or presented in accordance with the
Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”). The Group believes that this non-HKFRS financial measure better
reflects the underlying operational performance of the Group by eliminating certain non-operating items which the Group
does not consider indicative of the Group’s operational performance. However, the presentation of this non-HKFRS financial
measure is not intended to be a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance
with HKFRS.


Additional information is provided below to reconcile the profit attributable to shareholders as reported and the underlying
profit attributable to shareholders:


                                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                              2024               2023
                                                                                                       (RMB’000)           (RMB’000)
Profit attributable to shareholders                                                                     3,020,374           2,966,987
Adjustment for:
— Fair value loss on financial assets measured at FVTPL (note a)                                            84,071             90,824
— Employee share-based compensation expense (note b)                                                      118,237             109,536
— Effect of corresponding income tax                                                                        (5,812)             (5,486)
Underlying profit attributable to shareholders                                                          3,216,870           3,161,861

Notes:

(a)      Fair value changes on financial assets measured at FVTPL arises from the measurement of the Group’s investments in certain
         partnerships, funds and listed equity securities at fair value.

(b)      Of the total employee share-based compensation expense recognised during the period, RMB98,618,000 (first half of 2023:
         RMB94,251,000) was in respect of share awards granted to selected employees of the Group by Key Honesty Limited (a shareholder
         of the Company).


Liquidity and Financial Position
For the first half of 2024, the Group’s operating activities generated a cash inflow of RMB1,425 million (first half of 2023:
RMB1,320 million). Turnover days of trade receivables (ratio of balance of trade receivables to sales, inclusive of value added
tax for sales in China) was 70 days, higher than 63 days in 2023, which was mainly due to the slower settlement by
customers during the period. The Group will strengthen the control and management in this aspect. Turnover days of
inventories (ratio of balance of inventories to cost of sales) was 129 days, slightly higher than 124 days in 2023. Current ratio
was 2.5 as of 30 June 2024, which remains stable as compared to 2.6 as at the end of 2023. Capital expenditure for the
period amounted to RMB629 million, which was mainly spent to construct production facilities and improve production
efficiency.




                                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2024      19
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     The Group’s financial position remained solid. As of 30 June 2024, the Group had bank deposits, balances and cash of
     RMB9,885 million (31 December 2023: RMB12,755 million), structured bank deposits of RMB2,442 million (31 December
     2023: RMB1,077 million) and bank borrowings of RMB203 million (31 December 2023: RMB450 million). As of 30 June
     2024, gearing ratio (ratio of bank borrowings to total equity) was 0.6% (31 December 2023: 1.3%).


     The Group’s sales are denominated in Renminbi for domestic sales in China and US dollars for export sales. The Group
     manages its foreign exchange risks by closely monitoring its foreign exchange exposures and mitigating the impact of foreign
     currency fluctuations by using appropriate hedging arrangements when considered necessary.


     Pledge of Assets
     As of 30 June 2024, bank deposits of RMB25 million have been pledged to secure short-term banking facilities granted to
     the Group.


     Contingent Liabilities
     The Group did not have any material contingent liabilities as of 30 June 2024.


     Employees
     The Group employed a total of 20,300 employees as of 30 June 2024, with a majority of them employed in mainland China.
     The Group continues to offer competitive remuneration packages, discretionary share options, share awards and bonuses to
     eligible staff, based on the performance of the Group and the individual employee.




20   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Report on Review of Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements




TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF
CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
(Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


Introduction
We have reviewed the condensed consolidated financial statements of CSPC Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 22 to 50, which comprise the
condensed consolidated statement of financial position as of 30 June 2024 and the related condensed consolidated income
statement, condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income, condensed consolidated statement of changes in
equity and condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the six-month period then ended, and notes to the
condensed consolidated financial statements. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant
provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“HKAS 34”) issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and
presentation of these condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with HKAS 34. Our responsibility is to
express a conclusion on these condensed consolidated financial statements based on our review, and to report our
conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do
not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


Scope of Review
We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” (“HKSRE 2410”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants. A review of these condensed consolidated financial statements consists of making inquiries,
primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A
review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and
consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be
identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.


Conclusion
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the condensed consolidated financial
statements are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with HKAS 34.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
21 August 2024




                                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2024   21
     Condensed Consolidated Income Statement
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                      2024           2023
                                                         Note     RMB’000        RMB’000

     Revenue                                              3      16,284,282     16,080,412
     Cost of sales                                               (4,629,735)    (4,842,773)

     Gross profit                                                11,654,547     11,237,639
     Other income                                                  314,988        248,811
     Other gains or losses, net                                    (107,667)        20,126
     Selling and distribution expenses                           (4,777,410)    (4,902,391)
     Administrative expenses                                       (632,842)      (535,640)
     Research and development expenses                           (2,541,991)    (2,303,611)
     Other expenses                                                 (34,851)       (54,155)
     Share of results of associates                                 (27,239)       (16,248)
     Share of results of joint ventures                             (24,430)        (2,255)
     Finance costs                                                  (21,975)       (10,722)

     Profit before tax                                    4       3,801,130      3,681,554
     Income tax expense                                   5        (749,664)      (623,514)

     Profit for the period                                        3,051,466      3,058,040

     Profit for the period attributable to:
       Owners of the Company                                      3,020,374      2,966,987
       Non-controlling interests                                    31,092          91,053

                                                                  3,051,466      3,058,040

                                                                RMB cents       RMB cents
     Earnings per share                                   6
       — Basic                                                        25.51          24.95
       — Diluted                                                      25.51          24.95




22   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the six months ended 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                                              2024             2023
                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000

Profit for the period                                                     3,051,466       3,058,040

Other comprehensive income:
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Fair value gain on financial assets measured
  at fair value through other comprehensive income, net of income tax      931,249           10,979
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                    (9,449)          7,077

Other comprehensive income for the period, net of income tax               921,800           18,056

Total comprehensive income for the period                                 3,973,266       3,076,096

Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                   3,942,174       2,985,043
  Non-controlling interests                                                 31,092           91,053

                                                                          3,973,266       3,076,096




                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2024   23
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     As at 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



                                                            30 June    31 December
                                                               2024          2023
                                                   Note    RMB’000        RMB’000

     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                  8     10,488,048    10,416,599
     Right-of-use assets                            9      1,147,806     1,226,293
     Investment property                                     57,779         59,432
     Goodwill                                               234,904        234,904
     Intangible assets                             10      2,240,018     2,198,549
     Interests in associates                                801,276        786,085
     Interests in joint ventures                            730,921        682,351
     Other financial assets                        11      3,403,702     2,387,159
     Deferred tax assets                                    216,763        186,776
     Deposits, prepayments and other receivables   13       598,877        619,077
     Bank deposits                                 16      1,510,000       740,000

                                                          21,430,094    19,537,225

     Current assets
     Inventories                                           3,270,713     3,138,664
     Trade receivables                             12      6,343,176     5,869,223
     Deposits, prepayments and other receivables   13       751,199        672,655
     Bills receivables                             14      4,544,570     3,685,282
     Amounts due from related companies            23       559,783        157,313
     Amounts due from joint ventures               23       179,807        129,531
     Structured bank deposits                      15      2,442,314     1,077,054
     Bank deposits, balances and cash              16      8,374,689    12,015,223

                                                          26,466,251    26,744,945




24   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



                                                                  30 June     31 December
                                                                     2024             2023
                                                         Note    RMB’000          RMB’000

Current liabilities
Trade payables                                           17      2,543,392       2,426,115
Other payables                                           18      6,385,631       5,978,313
Contract liabilities                                              258,986          326,205
Bills payables                                           19       639,733          415,624
Amounts due to related companies                         23        20,047           21,436
Amounts due to joint ventures                            23        37,987           35,587
Lease liabilities                                                 119,994          149,627
Tax liabilities                                                   226,977          379,450
Bank borrowings                                          20       202,560          450,216

                                                                10,435,307      10,182,573

Net current assets                                              16,030,944      16,562,372

Total assets less current liabilities                           37,461,038      36,099,597

Non-current liabilities
Other payables                                           18       350,580          399,684
Lease liabilities                                                  66,316          107,058
Deferred tax liabilities                                          571,804          574,843

                                                                  988,700        1,081,585

Net assets                                                      36,472,338      35,018,012

Capital and reserves
Share capital                                            21     11,005,842      10,899,412
Reserves                                                        23,845,122      22,303,796

Equity attributable to owners of the Company                    34,850,964      33,203,208
Non-controlling interests                                        1,621,374       1,814,804

Total equity                                                    36,472,338      35,018,012




                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2024   25
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



                                                                                                     Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                          Equity attributable to non-controlling interests

                                                                                       Employee                                                                                                             Employee
                                                                                          share-                                                                                                         share-based
                                                                        Treasury          based                                             Capital                                                     compensation            Share of
                                                              Share        share    compensation         Other         Statutory       contribution      Translation    Accumulated                         reserve of     net assets of
                                                             capital     reserve        reserves      reserves         reserves            reserve          reserve          profits      Sub-total       a subsidiary      subsidiaries          Sub-total          Total
                                                            RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                        (note i)          (note i )         (note i i)

     At 1 January 2023                                     10,899,412    (83,710)          9,475     (4,037,818)       2,055,657            196,574          22,047       21,135,897     30,197,534             7,612          1,436,729          1,444,341       31,641,875
     Profit for the period                                         —          —               —              —                —                  —               —         2,966,987      2,966,987                —              91,053             91,053        3,058,040
     Other comprehensive income for the period,
       net of income tax                                           —          —               —         10,979                  —                  —          7,077                —        18,056                 —                   —                  —          18,056

     Total comprehensive income for the period                     —          —               —         10,979                  —                  —          7,077         2,966,987     2,985,043                —              91,053              91,053       3,076,096
     Dividend recognised as distribution (note 7)                  —          —               —             —                   —                  —             —         (1,203,729)   (1,203,729)               —                  —                   —       (1,203,729)
     Dividends paid to non-control ing interests                   —          —               —             —                   —                  —             —                 —             —                 —             (26,003)            (26,003)         (26,003)
     Purchase of shares under share award scheme                   —    (254,348)             —             —                   —                  —             —                 —       (254,348)               —                  —                   —         (254,348)
     Recognition of employee share-based
       compensation expense                                        —          —           13,981             —                —               94,251              —                —        108,232             1,304                  —               1,304         109,536
     Repurchase of ordinary shares                                 —          —                —             —                —                   —               —         (200,358)      (200,358)               —                   —                  —         (200,358)
     Vesting of shares under share award scheme                    —       3,388           (5,605)           —                —                   —               —             2,217             —                —                   —                  —               —
     Acquisition of additional interests in a subsidiary           —          —                —             —                —                   —               —           (19,582)       (19,582)              —              (99,727)           (99,727)       (119,309)
     Capital contribution from non-control ing interests           —          —                —             —                —                   —               —          206,688        206,688                —             281,439            281,439          488,127
     Transfer to statutory reserves                                —          —                —             —            25,611                  —               —           (25,611)            —                —                   —                  —               —

     At 30 June 2023                                       10,899,412   (334,670)         17,851     (4,026,839)       2,081,268            290,825          29,124       22,862,509     31,819,480             8,916          1,683,491          1,692,407       33,511,887

     At 1 January 2024                                     10,899,412   (316,214)         28,346     (4,048,069)       2,209,844            390,526           4,503       24,034,860     33,203,208             6,722          1,808,082          1,814,804       35,018,012
     Profit for the period                                          –          –               –              –                –                  –               –        3,020,374      3,020,374                 –             31,092             31,092        3,051,466
     Other comprehensive income for the period,
       net of income tax                                            –          –                –      931,249                   –                  –         (9,449)               –      921,800                  –                   –                     –     921,800

     Total comprehensive income for the period                      –          –                –      931,249                   –                  –         (9,449)      3,020,374      3,942,174                 –             31,092              31,092       3,973,266
     Dividend recognised as distribution (note 7)                   –          –                –            –                   –                  –              –      (1,531,855)    (1,531,855)                –                  –                   –      (1,531,855)
     Dividends paid to non-control ing interests                    –          –                –            –                   –                  –              –               –              –                 –            (98,496)            (98,496)        (98,496)
     Purchase of shares under share award scheme                    –   (299,711)               –     (222,742)                  –                  –              –               –       (522,453)                –                  –                   –        (522,453)
     Recognition of employee share-based
        compensation expense                                        –          –          19,902              –                –              98,618               –               –        118,520              (283)                 –                (283)        118,237
     Repurchase of ordinary shares                                  –          –               –              –                –                   –               –        (353,166)      (353,166)                –                  –                   –        (353,166)
     Vesting of shares under share award scheme                     –      3,884          (5,518)             –                –                   –               –           1,634              –                 –                  –                   –               –
     Acquisition of additional interests in a subsidiary            –          –               –              –                –                   –               –         (70,258)       (70,258)                –           (169,338)           (169,338)       (239,596)
     Dilution of interest in subsidiaries                           –          –               –              –                –                   –               –         (41,636)       (41,636)                –             41,636              41,636               –
     Capital contribution from non-control ing interests            –          –               –              –                –                   –               –               –              –                 –              1,959               1,959           1,959
     Transfer to statutory reserves                                 –          –               –              –           25,588                   –               –         (25,588)             –                 –                  –                   –               –
     Proceeds from issuance of shares upon exercise of
        share options                                        106,430           –                –             –                  –                  –              –                –      106,430                  –                   –                     –     106,430

     At 30 June 2024                                       11,005,842   (612,041)         42,730     (3,339,562)       2,235,432            489,144           (4,946)     25,034,365     34,850,964             6,439          1,614,935          1,621,374       36,472,338


     Notes:

     (i)            The balance in other reserves mainly included an amount of RMB4,030,633,000 which represents the difference between the fair
                    value of the deemed consideration under the reverse acquisition of RMB2,631,198,000 and the fair value of the consideration paid by
                    the Company of RMB6,661,831,000 in the reverse acquisition on 29 October 2012, the accumulated changes in fair value of financial
                    assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”) and the treasury shares repurchased by CSPC
                    Innovation Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.

     (ii)           The statutory reserves were appropriated from the profit after tax of the Company’s subsidiaries in the People’s Republic of China (the
                    “PRC”) under the laws and regulations of the PRC.

     (iii)          The balance in capital contribution reserve mainly included the deemed contribution by CSPC Holdings Company Limited (“CHL”),
                    which comprise (1) the difference between the carrying amount of the net assets of entities comprising Robust Sun Holdings Limited
                    (“Robust Sun”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Robust Sun Group”) and the consideration paid to CHL and its
                    subsidiaries during group reorganisation under Robust Sun Group in 2012; (2) the imputed interest arising on a non-interest bearing
                    loan from CHL in 2012, (3) deemed capital contribution arising from the acquisition of CSPC Shengxue Glucose Co. Ltd. from CHL in
                    2016; and (4) deemed capital contribution arising from the grant of share awards to employees of the Group in 2022 by a
                    shareholder.



26   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the six months ended 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



                                                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                               2024             2023
                                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000

Net cash from operating activities                                                         1,425,425       1,320,437

Net cash (used in)/from investing activities:
  Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                 (649,199)       (785,012)
  Purchase of right-of-use assets                                                             (2,300)          (2,747)
  Refund of deposits paid for right-of-use assets                                              2,200                –
  Purchase of intangible assets                                                              (95,018)       (236,360)
  Purchase of other financial assets                                                         (22,619)       (512,649)
  Capital injection to an associate                                                          (47,500)          (9,000)
  Capital injection to a joint venture                                                       (93,000)               –
  Placement of structured bank deposits                                                   (1,697,000)       (790,000)
  Withdrawal of restricted and pledged bank balances                                         10,864           41,709
  Placement of bank deposits                                                                (500,000)     (1,740,000)
  Placement of pledged deposits                                                              (11,914)               –
  Withdrawal of structured bank deposits                                                    354,507        2,797,849
  Withdrawal of bank deposits                                                               376,130        2,120,000
  Dividend received from a joint venture                                                     20,000                 –
  Dividend received from an associate                                                          5,070                –
  Proceeds from distribution of other financial assets                                       17,610           26,554
  Interest received                                                                         124,782          124,805
  Receipt of government grants related to acquisition of property, plant and equipment       24,079           54,896
  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                    49,900           15,044

                                                                                          (2,133,408)      1,105,089




                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2024    27
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



                                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                      2024           2023
                                                                         Note     RMB’000        RMB’000

     Net cash used in financing activities:
       Interest on lease liabilities                                                 (4,551)        (7,682)
       Payments of lease liabilities                                                (71,196)       (70,819)
       Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                  (98,496)       (26,003)
       Dividends paid                                                            (1,531,855)    (1,203,729)
       Interest on bank borrowings                                                        –         (2,180)
       Advances drawn on bill receivables discounted with recourse                 232,265          39,718
       Repurchase of ordinary shares                                               (353,166)      (200,358)
       Acquisition of additional interest in a subsidiary                           (38,865)      (119,309)
       Proceeds from issuance of shares upon exercise of share options             106,430                 –
       Capital contribution from non-controlling interests                            1,959       488,127
       Proceeds from issuance of preference shares of a subsidiary                        –         59,187
       Purchase of shares under share award scheme                                 (522,453)      (254,348)
       Repayment of bank borrowings                                                  (8,766)        (5,100)

                                                                                 (2,288,694)    (1,302,496)

     Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                        (2,996,677)     1,123,030
     Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                      10,490,845      8,000,852
     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                          1,223          5,937

     Cash and cash equivalents at 30 June,
       represented by bank balances and cash                             16       7,495,391      9,129,819




28   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



1.   Basis of Preparation
     CSPC Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”) is a public limited company incorporated in Hong Kong and its
     shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).


     The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting
     Standard 34 (“HKAS 34”) Interim Financial Reporting issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
     (the “HKICPA”) as well as with the applicable disclosure requirements of Appendix 16 to the Rules Governing the
     Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.


     The financial information relating to the year ended 31 December 2023 that is included in these condensed
     consolidated financial statements as comparative information does not constitute the Company’s statutory annual
     consolidated financial statements for that year but is derived from those financial statements. Further information
     relating to these statutory financial statements is as follows:


     The Company has delivered the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 to the Registrar of
     Companies as required by section 662(3) of, and Part 3 of Schedule 6 to, the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


     The Company’s auditor has reported on those financial statements. The auditor’s report was unqualified; did not
     include a reference to any matters to which the auditor drew attention by way of emphasis without qualifying its report;
     and did not contain a statement under sections 406(2), 407(2) or (3) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


2.   Principal Accounting Policies
     The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for certain
     financial instruments, which are measured at fair values, as appropriate.


     Other than additional accounting policies resulting from application of amendments to Hong Kong Financial Reporting
     Standards (“HKFRSs”), the accounting policies and methods of computation used in the condensed consolidated
     financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2024 are the same as those presented in the Group’s annual
     financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023.


     Application of amendments to HKFRSs
     In the period, the Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA, for the first time,
     which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January 2024 for the preparation of the
     Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements:


     Amendments to HKAS 16                         Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
     Amendments to HKAS 1                          Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and
                                                      related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)
     Amendments to HKAS 1                          Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
     Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7              Supplier Finance Arrangements

     The application of the amendments to HKFRSs in the current interim period has had no material impact on the Group’s
     financial positions and performance for the current and prior periods and/or on the disclosures set out in these
     condensed consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2024   29
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



     3.   Revenue and Segment Information
          (i)   Disaggregation of revenue
                Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers


                                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                             2024               2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000

                Sale of goods                                                                         16,284,282         16,045,712
                Licence fee income                                                                               –            34,700

                                                                                                      16,284,282         16,080,412


                Sale of goods
                Revenue is recognised at a point in time upon control of the goods has been transferred, being when the goods
                have been delivered to the customer’s specific location. Following delivery, the customer bears the risks of
                obsolescence and loss in relation to the goods.


                Licence fee income
                The Group provides licence of its patented intellectual property (“IP”) or commercialisation licence to customers
                and revenue is recognised when the customers obtain rights to access or use the underlying IP or licence.
                Licence fee income is recognised at a point in time upon the customer obtains control of IP or if control is
                transferred over time, e.g. commercialisation licence to customers for a term of period, revenue is recognised
                over time by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation.


                The consideration for licence comprises a fixed element (the upfront payment) and variable elements (including
                but not limited to development milestones and royalties). For licence associated with customers’ right to use,
                upfront fee received is recorded under contract liabilities and recognised as revenue only when customers have
                ability to use the licence and variable consideration is recognised only to the extent that it is highly probable that
                such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the future.


                Geographical information
                The revenue from the external customers by geographical market (irrespective of the origin of the goods) based
                on the location of the customers are presented below:


                                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                             2024               2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000

                Mainland China                                                                        14,256,973         13,841,284
                Other Asian regions                                                                       643,601            823,567
                Europe                                                                                    692,788            691,814
                North America                                                                             398,320            489,542
                Others                                                                                    292,600            234,205

                                                                                                      16,284,282         16,080,412




30   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



3.   Revenue and Segment Information (continued)
     (ii)   Segment information
            Information reported to executive directors, being the chief operating decision maker, for the purpose of
            resources allocation and assessment of segment performance focuses on types of goods delivered. The
            reportable segments of the Group are as follows:


            (a)     Finished drugs — research and development, manufacture and sale of pharmaceutical products and
                    licence fee income;


            (b)     Bulk products — manufacture and sale of vitamin C and antibiotic products in bulk powder form; and


            (c)     Functional food and others — manufacture and sale of functional food products (including caffeine food
                    additives, anhydrous glucose, acarbose and vitamin C buccal tablets), provision of healthcare services and
                    others.


            The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by operating and reportable segments:


            Six months ended 30 June 2024


                                                                                        Functional
                                                                  Bulk products
                                                  Finished                               food and     Segment
                                                     drugs    Vitamin C   Antibiotics      others        total Eliminations Consolidated
                                                  RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000

            SEGMENT REVENUE
            Sale of goods                        13,549,079    983,900       870,894      880,409    16,284,282           –    16,284,282
            Inter-segment sales                           –     16,427        99,803       71,526       187,756    (187,756)            –

            TOTAL REVENUE                        13,549,079   1,000,327      970,697      951,935    16,472,038    (187,756)   16,284,282

            SEGMENT PROFIT                        3,488,515      67,623      186,195      174,924                               3,917,257

            Unallocated income                                                                                                    147,550
            Unallocated expenses                                                                                                 (190,033)
            Share of results of associates                                                                                        (27,239)
            Share of results of joint ventures                                                                                    (24,430)
            Finance costs                                                                                                         (21,975)

            Profit before tax                                                                                                   3,801,130




                                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2024        31
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



     3.   Revenue and Segment Information (continued)
          (ii)   Segment information (continued)
                 Six months ended 30 June 2023


                                                                                                Functional
                                                                       Bulk products
                                                        Finished                                 food and     Segment
                                                           drugs   Vitamin C     Antibiotics        others       total    Eliminations   Consolidated
                                                       RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000

                 SEGMENT REVENUE
                 Sale of goods                        12,899,014   1,039,715       930,102      1,176,881    16,045,712           —       16,045,712
                 Inter-segment sales                          —        3,574       138,097        112,200       253,871     (253,871)             —
                 Licence fee income                       34,700          —             —              —         34,700           —           34,700

                 TOTAL REVENUE                        12,933,714   1,043,289     1,068,199      1,289,081    16,334,283     (253,871)     16,080,412

                 SEGMENT PROFIT                        3,192,433     67,582            71,421    331,005                                   3,662,441

                 Unallocated income                                                                                                          183,397
                 Unallocated expenses                                                                                                       (135,059)
                 Share of results of associates                                                                                               (16,248)
                 Share of results of joint ventures                                                                                             (2,255)
                 Finance costs                                                                                                                (10,722)

                 Profit before tax                                                                                                         3,681,554


                 Segment profit represents the profit earned by each segment without allocation of interest income, fair value
                 changes on structured bank deposits, fair value changes on financial assets measured at FVTPL, central
                 administrative expenses, share of results of associates and joint ventures, and finance costs. This is the measure
                 reported to the executive directors for the purposes of resources allocation and performance assessment.


                 Inter-segment sales are charged at prevailing market rates.


                 The executive directors make decisions according to operating results of each segment. No analysis of segment
                 asset and segment liability is presented as the executive directors do not regularly review such information for the
                 purposes of resources allocation and performance assessment. Therefore, only segment revenue and segment
                 results are presented.




32   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



4.   Profit Before Tax

                                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000

     Profit before tax has been arrived at after charging/(crediting):


     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                      494,710             415,596
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                  81,568             84,240
     Depreciation of investment property                                                                   1,653              1,652
     Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                    53,600             30,412

     Total depreciation and amortisation                                                                631,531             531,900

     Employee share-based compensation benefits (note a)                                                118,237             109,536
     Government grant income (included in other income)                                                  (49,243)           (60,180)
     Agency income (included in other income)                                                            (41,789)             (6,391)
     Fair value loss on financial assets measured at FVTPL
           (included in other gains or losses)                                                            84,071             90,824
     Fair value gain on structured bank deposits
           (included in other gains or losses)                                                           (22,768)           (58,415)
     Impairment losses recognised under expected credit loss model
           (included in other gains or losses)                                                            11,701              8,593
     Interest income on bank deposits and balances
           (included in other income)                                                                   (124,782)          (124,805)
     Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment
           (included in other gains or losses)                                                            13,539             23,659
     Net foreign exchange loss/(gain) (included in other gains or losses)                                 14,371            (84,704)

     Notes:

     (a)      The amount mainly included employee share-based compensation expense of RMB19,902,000 (six months ended 30 June
              2023: RMB13,981,000) in respect of share options and share awards granted by the Company and RMB98,618,000 (six
              months ended 30 June 2023: RMB94,251,000) in respect of share awards granted by a shareholder of the Company involving
              existing shares of the Company held by the shareholder.

     (b)      For the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023, cost of inventories recognised as an expense approximated cost of sales
              as shown in the condensed consolidated income statement.




                                                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2024      33
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



     5.   Income Tax Expense

                                                                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                     2024      2023
                                                                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000

          Current taxation
            — PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                                       726,935       601,557
            — PRC withholding tax on dividends distributed by subsidiaries                                    213,500       103,126
            — Overseas Taxation                                                                                  6,680        8,007

                                                                                                              947,115       712,690
          Deferred taxation                                                                                   (197,451)      (89,176)

                                                                                                              749,664       623,514


          No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made as the Group did not have assessable profits for both periods.


          The standard tax rate of the Company’s PRC subsidiaries is 25% under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax
          (the “EIT Law”) and implementation regulations of the EIT Law. Certain subsidiaries of the Company are qualified as
          High and New Technology Enterprises, and they are subject to a preferential tax rate of 15% up to 2026.


          Under the EIT Law, dividends distributed by a company established in the PRC to foreign investor with respect to
          profits earned from 1 January 2008 onwards are subject to a withholding tax of 10%. The tax rate will be reduced to
          5% if such foreign investors meet certain conditions specified in the relevant tax regulations. Deferred taxation has not
          been provided for in respect of temporary differences attributable to accumulated profits of the PRC subsidiaries
          amounting to approximately RMB29,204,000,000 (31 December 2023: RMB25,308,000,000) as the Group is able to
          control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not
          reverse in the foreseeable future.


          Taxation arising in other jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing in relevant jurisdictions.


          The Group is operating in one of the jurisdictions where the Pillar Two Rules is effective. As the Group’s estimated
          effective tax rates of such in-effect jurisdiction in which the Group operates is higher than 15%, after taking into
          account the adjustments under the Global Anti-base Erosion Rules based on management’s best estimate, the
          management of the Group considered the Group is not liable to top-up tax under the Pillar Two Rules.




34   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



6.   Earnings Per Share
     The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the owners of the Company is based on the
     following data:


                                                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                        2024             2023

     Profit attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)                                       3,020,374         2,966,987

     Weighted average number of ordinary shares
       for the purpose of basic earnings per share (in ’000)                                     11,838,461        11,892,763
     Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
       Share options and share awards (in ’000)                                                          233              504

     Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
       diluted earnings per share (in ’000)                                                      11,838,694        11,893,267


     The weighted average number of ordinary shares for the calculation of basic earnings per share for both periods have
     been adjusted for the shares held by the trustee pursuant to the share award scheme of the Company.


7.   Dividends
     (a)   Interim dividend
           The board of directors has declared the payment of an interim dividend of HK16 cents per share for 2024 (2023:
           HK14 cents (approximately RMB12.8 cents) amounting to approximately RMB1,529,135,000) after the end of
           the interim period, which has not been recognised as a liability at the end of the interim period.


     (b)   Final dividend approved and paid during the interim period


                                                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                        2024             2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000

           Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year, approved and paid
             during the period of HK14.0 cents (approximately to RMB13.0 cents)
             (2023: HK11.0 cents (approximately to RMB10.1 cents)) per share                      1,540,544         1,207,225
           Less: Dividend for shares held by share award scheme                                       (8,689)           (3,496)

                                                                                                  1,531,855         1,203,729




                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2024    35
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



     8.   Property, Plant and Equipment

                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                                              2024           2023
                                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000

          At beginning of the period:
            Cost                                                         15,828,820     14,201,375
            Accumulated depreciation                                     (5,412,221)    (4,619,315)

            Net carrying amount                                          10,416,599      9,582,060

          At beginning of the period, net of accumulated depreciation    10,416,599      9,582,060
          Additions                                                        629,408        907,675
          Disposals                                                         (63,439)       (38,703)
          Depreciation provided during the period                          (494,710)      (415,596)
          Exchange adjustments                                                 190           1,791

          At end of the period, net of accumulated depreciation          10,488,048     10,037,227

          At end of the period:
            Cost                                                         16,263,967     15,009,055
            Accumulated depreciation                                     (5,775,919)    (4,971,828)

            Net carrying amount                                          10,488,048     10,037,227


     9.   Right-of-Use Assets

                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                                              2024           2023
                                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000

          Net carrying amount at beginning of the period                  1,226,293      1,394,859
          Additions                                                           2,548          7,148
          Depreciation provided during the period                           (81,568)       (84,240)
          Exchange adjustments                                                 533           3,589

          Net carrying amount at end of the period                        1,147,806      1,321,356




36   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



10. Intangible Assets

                                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                              2024                 2023
                                                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000

     At beginning of the period:
       Cost                                                                                              2,745,489           2,329,515
       Accumulated amortisation and impairment loss                                                       (546,940)           (421,403)

       Net carrying amount                                                                               2,198,549           1,908,112

     At beginning of the period, net of accumulated amortisation and impairment loss                     2,198,549           1,908,112
     Additions                                                                                              95,018             386,360
     Amortisation provided during the period                                                               (53,600)             (30,412)
     Exchange adjustments                                                                                        51                 462

     At end of the period, net of accumulated amortisation and impairment loss                           2,240,018           2,264,522

     At end of the period:
       Cost                                                                                              2,840,710           2,717,070
       Accumulated amortisation and impairment loss                                                       (600,692)           (452,548)

       Net carrying amount                                                                               2,240,018           2,264,522


11. Other Financial Assets

                                                                                                          30 June        31 December
                                                                                                              2024                 2023
                                                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000

     Unlisted investments in partnerships and funds                                                      1,534,831           1,593,287
     Listed equity securities                                                                            1,467,395               88,236
     Unlisted equity securities                                                                            401,476             705,636

                                                                                                         3,403,702           2,387,159

     Analysed as:
       Financial assets measured at FVTPL                                                                1,582,727           1,661,791
       Financial assets measured at FVTOCI (note)                                                        1,820,975             725,368

                                                                                                         3,403,702           2,387,159

     Note: The above investments are mainly focused on the healthcare industry. The Directors have elected to designate these
           investments to be measured at FVTOCI as they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations in these investments’ fair value
           in profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding these investments for long-term purposes and
           realising their performance potential in the long run.


     The Directors consider that the Group does not have any control nor significant influence to affect the variable returns
     through its investment in those enterprises or similar activities.


     In the current interim period, the Group received RMB17,610,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB26,554,000)
     upon distribution by the partnerships and funds, which was also the fair value as at the date of distribution.


                                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2024       37
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



     12. Trade Receivables

                                                                                                     30 June      31 December
                                                                                                        2024              2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000

          Trade receivables                                                                        6,397,014         5,911,360
          Less: allowance for expected credit loss                                                    (53,838)          (42,137)

                                                                                                   6,343,176         5,869,223


          The Group allows a general credit period of 90 days to its trade customers. The following is an aged analysis of trade
          receivables (net of allowance for expected credit loss) at the end of the reporting period presented based on invoice
          dates which approximated the respective revenue recognition dates:


                                                                                                     30 June      31 December
                                                                                                        2024              2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000

          0 to 90 days                                                                             4,629,442         5,272,089
          91 to 180 days                                                                           1,290,490           564,976
          181 to 365 days                                                                            419,554            29,364
          More than 365 days                                                                           3,690              2,794

                                                                                                   6,343,176         5,869,223


     13. Deposits, Prepayments and Other Receivables

                                                                                                     30 June      31 December
                                                                                                        2024              2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000

          Prepayments for raw materials and research and development expenses                        188,071           175,305
          Deposits paid for acquisition of property,
            plant and equipment and right-of-use assets                                              598,877           619,077
          Other taxes recoverable                                                                    277,757           210,162
          Others                                                                                     285,371           287,188

                                                                                                   1,350,076         1,291,732

          Analysed as:
            Current                                                                                  751,199           672,655
            Non-current                                                                              598,877           619,077

                                                                                                   1,350,076         1,291,732




38   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



14. Bills Receivables
     The bills receivables of the Group are with a maturity period of less than 365 days (31 December 2023: less than 365
     days) and not yet due at the end of the reporting period. The management considers the default rate is low based on
     historical information, experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.


15. Structured bank deposits
     The structured bank deposits carry guaranteed return of up to 2.3% (31 December 2023: 1.8%) per annum and have
     a total expected return of up to 3.0% (31 December 2023: 3.0%) per annum, depending on the market prices of the
     underlying commodities quoted in the market as specified in the terms of relevant deposits.


     The structured bank deposits are designated at FVTPL on initial recognition as they contain non-closely related
     embedded derivatives.


16. Bank deposits, Balances and Cash

                                                                                                    30 June      31 December
                                                                                                       2024                 2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000

     Time deposits with maturities over 3 months                                                  2,363,870          2,240,000
     Pledged and restricted bank deposits                                                            25,428                24,378
     Bank balances and cash                                                                       7,495,391        10,490,845

                                                                                                  9,884,689        12,755,223

     Analysed as:
       Current                                                                                    8,374,689        12,015,223
       Non-current                                                                                1,510,000               740,000

                                                                                                  9,884,689        12,755,223


     The bank deposits and balances carry interest at market interest rates ranging from 0.2% to 5.6% (31 December
     2023: 0.2% to 5.6%) per annum.


     The pledged and restricted bank deposits represent deposits required to be placed in banks for securing short-term
     bank facilities and are classified as current assets.




                                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2024       39
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



     17. Trade Payables
          The following is an aged analysis of trade payables at the end of the reporting period presented based on the invoice
          dates:


                                                                                                    30 June      31 December
                                                                                                       2024              2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000

          0 to 90 days                                                                            1,990,637         1,994,671
          91 to 180 days                                                                            139,047           203,696
          More than 180 days                                                                        413,708           227,748

                                                                                                  2,543,392         2,426,115


          The general credit period on purchases of goods is up to 90 days (31 December 2023: 90 days).


     18. Other Payables

                                                                                                    30 June      31 December
                                                                                                       2024              2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000

          Other tax payable                                                                          66,682           181,502
          Payables arising from construction cost and acquisition of property,
            plant and equipment                                                                     989,575         1,027,366
          Deferred government grants                                                                547,725           509,226
          Salaries, wages and staff welfare payable                                                 565,487           660,299
          Selling expense payable                                                                 3,265,723         3,293,158
          Research and development expense payable                                                  425,348           264,913
          Consideration payable for the acquisition of additional interest in a subsidiary          200,731                 —
          Others                                                                                    674,940           441,533

                                                                                                  6,736,211         6,377,997

          Analysed as:
            Current                                                                               6,385,631         5,978,313
            Non-current                                                                             350,580           399,684

                                                                                                  6,736,211         6,377,997


     19. Bills Payables
          All bills payables of the Group are aged within 365 days (31 December 2023: within 365 days) and not yet due at the
          end of the reporting period.




40   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



20. Bank Borrowings

                                                                                                            30 June     31 December
                                                                                                               2024            2023
                                                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000

     Discount of bills receivables (note a)                                                                 202,560          441,266
     Variable-rate unsecured RMB bank loans (note b)                                                              –            8,950

                                                                                                            202,560          450,216


     The carrying amounts of the above borrowings are repayable within one year and classified as current liabilities.

     Notes:

     a.       The amount represents borrowings secured by the bill receivables discounted to banks with recourse and the amount is
              repayable within one year.

     b.       The bank loans carry effective interest rate of 5.3% (31 December 2023: 5.3%) per annum.


21. Share Capital

                                                                                                         Number of            Share
                                                                                                            shares           capital
                                                                                                                            RMB’000

     Issued and fully paid
     At 1 January 2023                                                                             11,933,219,732         10,899,412
     Shares repurchased and cancelled                                                                  (30,000,000)                –

     At 30 June 2023, 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                                          11,903,219,732         10,899,412
     Shares repurchased and cancelled                                                                 (26,628,000)                 –
     Exercise of share options                                                                         19,500,000            106,430

     At 30 June 2024                                                                               11,896,091,732         11,005,842


     The Company repurchased its own ordinary shares through the Stock Exchange as follows:

                                                                     Highest           Lowest
                                             Number                 purchase         purchase
                                            of shares               price per        price per           Aggregate consideration
     Date                                repurchased                    share            share              (before expenses)
                                                                         HK$              HK$              HK$’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                                         (equivalent)

     March 2023 (note i)                    24,560,000                   7.80               7.41            187,202          163,877
     April 2023 (note i)                     5,440,000                   7.75               7.61             41,673           36,481
     April 2024 (note ii)                   26,628,000                   5.99               5.66            155,616          141,147
     June 2024 (note iii)                   36,350,000                   6.58               6.21            231,848          211,185

     Notes:

     (i)      The shares repurchased were cancelled in April 2023.

     (ii)     The shares repurchased were cancelled in May 2024.

     (iii)    The shares repurchased were cancelled in July 2024.


                                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2024   41
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



     22. Long Term Incentive Program
          (i)   Share option scheme
                The share option scheme of the Company (the “Share Option Scheme”) is for the purpose of providing the
                Company with a flexible means of giving incentive to eligible participants. Participants include any director,
                employee, business consultant, professional and other adviser of the Group. The Share Option Scheme was
                adopted on 9 December 2015 and will expire on 8 December 2025.


                The maximum number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all share options to be granted under the
                Share Option Scheme shall not in aggregate exceed 591,101,840 shares, being 10% of the shares of the
                Company in issue at the adoption date of the Share Option Scheme. The maximum entitlement for any one
                participant is that the total number of shares issued or to be issued upon exercise of the share options granted
                to each participant in any twelve-month period shall not exceed 1% of the total number of shares in issue.


                Share options granted have to be taken up within an acceptable period from the date of offer to such date as the
                Board may determine and specify in the letter of offer (both dates inclusive) upon payment of HK$1. The
                subscription price for option granted is determined by the Board and shall be at least the highest of (i) the closing
                price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheet on the offer date which must be a
                business day; (ii) the average closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets
                for the five business days immediately preceding the offer date; and (iii) the nominal value of a share. Share
                options granted are exercisable for a period to be notified by the Board to each grantee and such period shall
                expire not later than 10 years from the date of grant.


                As at 30 June 2024, the number of share options available for being further granted was 541,101,840 (1 January
                2024: 541,101,840).


                The following table discloses movements of share options during the period:


                                                                                                               Number of share options

                                                                                                                                    Cancelled/
                                                                                                As at     Granted     Exercised          lapsed        As at
                                                     Exercise                                  1 Jan       during        during          during      30 Jun
                Grantees               Date of grant price      Exercise period                 2024    the period    the period    the period         2024

                Directors              4 Sep 2023    HK$5.98    4 Sep 2023 to 3 Sep 2033   44,000,000           –    (19,200,000)             –   24,800,000
                Employees              4 Sep 2023    HK$5.98    4 Sep 2023 to 3 Sep 2033
                  (former directors)                                                        6,000,000           –       (300,000)             –    5,700,000

                Total                                                                      50,000,000           –    (19,500,000)             –   30,500,000

                Notes:

                (a)      50% of the share options granted have been vested on 1 April 2024. The remaining 50% will be vested on 1 April 2025
                         subject to the fulfilment of certain performance target relating to the financial results of the Group in 2024.

                (b)      The weighted average closing price of the Company’s share immediately before the date on which the options were
                         exercised was HK$5.94.

                (c)      The Group recognised a total expense of RMB19,956,000 for the period ended 30 June 2024 (six months ended 30
                         June 2023: nil) in relation to share options granted by the Company.




42   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



22. Long Term Incentive Program (continued)
     (ii)   Share award scheme
            The share award scheme of the Company (the “Share Award Scheme”) is for the purpose of providing the
            selected participants with an opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company; encouraging and
            retaining such individuals to work with the Company; and providing additional incentives to them to achieve
            performance goals, with a view to achieving the objectives of increasing the value of the Company and aligning
            the interests of the selected participants directly to the shareholders through ownership of shares of the
            Company. Participants include any director, employee, officer, agent or consultant of the Group. The Share
            Award Scheme was adopted on 20 August 2018 and will expire on 19 August 2028.


            The terms of the Share Award Scheme were amended on 21 May 2024 to the effect that the Board may only
            instruct the trustee to purchase existing shares of the Company on-market to satisfy share awards granted under
            the Share Award Scheme, such that the Share Award Scheme has become a share scheme that is funded only
            by the existing shares of the Company.


            The maximum number of shares which may be purchased from the market or issued under the Share Award
            Scheme shall not in aggregate exceed 124,860,368 shares, being 2% of the shares of the Company in issue as
            at the adoption date of the Share Award Scheme. The maximum number of shares which may be awarded to a
            selected participant at any one time or in aggregate under the Share Award Scheme must not exceed
            31,215,092 shares, being 0.5% of the shares of the Company in issue as at the adoption date of the Share
            Award Scheme.


            The awarded shares held by the trustee of the Share Award Scheme shall be vested in the selected participants
            in accordance with the vesting conditions or vesting schedules as set out in the grant notice. Awarded shares
            which do not vest will be forfeited and may be re-granted to other participants selected by the Board.


            Details of movement of awarded shares during the period are as follows:


                                                                                      Number of awarded shares

                                                                                                            Cancelled/
                                                                          As at     Granted       Vested       lapsed       As at
                                                                         1 Jan       during       during        during    30 Jun
            Grantees     Date of grant    Vesting period                  2024    the period   the period   the period      2024

            Employees    15 Jan 2019      15 Jan 2019 to 14 Jan 2024   329,000            –     (316,000)      (13,000)         –
                         16 Dec 2021      16 Dec 2021 to 14 Jan 2024   329,000            –     (316,000)      (13,000)         –
                         22 Apr 2024      22 Apr 2024 to 21 Apr 2027         –      300,000            –             –    300,000

            Total                                                      658,000      300,000     (632,000)      (26,000)   300,000




                                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2024    43
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



     22. Long Term Incentive Program (continued)
          (ii)   Share award scheme (continued)
                 Details of movement of awarded shares during the prior period are as follows:


                                                                                                    Number of awarded shares

                                                                                                                         Cancelled/
                                                                                       As at     Granted       Vested       lapsed           As at
                                                                                       1 Jan       during      during          during       30 Jun
                 Grantees         Date of grant     Vesting period                     2023    the period   the period   the period          2023

                 Employees        15 Jan 2019       15 Jan 2019 to 14 Jan 2023       329,000           –     (325,000)         (4,000)          –
                                  15 Jan 2019       15 Jan 2019 to 14 Jan 2024       329,000           –            –               –     329,000
                                  16 Dec 2021       16 Dec 2021 to 14 Jan 2023       329,000           –     (325,000)         (4,000)          –
                                  16 Dec 2021       16 Dec 2021 to 14 Jan 2024       329,000           –            –               –     329,000
                                  30 May 2023       30 May 2023 to 9 Jul 2023              –   3,000,000            –               –    3,000,000

                 Total                                                            1,316,000    3,000,000     (650,000)         (8,000)   3,658,000

                 Notes:

                 (a)      The weighted average closing price of the Company’s shares immediately before the date on which the awarded shares
                          were vested during the period was HK$6.54 (six months ended 30 June 2023: HK$9.17) per share.

                 (b)      The closing price of the Company’s shares immediately before the date on which the share awards were granted was
                          HK$6.00 (six months ended 30 June 2023: HK$6.91) per share. The fair value of the share awards at the date of grant
                          was HK$6.00 (six months ended 30 June 2023: HK$6.55) per share, which was measured based on the closing price of
                          the Company’s share at the date of grant and adjusted by the fair value of dividends during the vesting period as the
                          grantee are not entitled to dividends before vesting.

                 (c)      The shares were awarded and vested for no consideration.


                 As at 30 June 2024, the number of share awards available for being further granted under the Share Award
                 Scheme was 117,038,368 (1 January 2024: 117,312,368).


                 As at 30 June 2024, there were 100,000,000 shares of the Company held by the trustee of the Share Award
                 Scheme (31 December 2023: 51,460,000 shares).


                 Total amount of RMB54,000 was credited to share-based compensation expense for the period ended 30 June
                 2024 (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB13,981,000 was charged) in relation to share awards granted by
                 the Company.




44   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



22. Long Term Incentive Program (continued)
     (iii)   Share awards granted by a shareholder
             Key Honesty Limited (“Key Honesty”), a shareholder of the Company indirectly and wholly owned by Mr. Cai
             Dongchen, Chairman of the Company, has granted share awards involving existing shares of the Company held
             by Key Honesty to selected employees of the Group in 2022. The awarded shares will be vested and transferred
             in batches from the third to fifth year after the grant at a transfer price of HK$2.95 per share subject to the
             fulfilment of certain conditions. During the six-month period ended 30 June 2024, the Group recognised a total
             expense of RMB98,618,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB94,251,000) in relation to share awards
             granted by Key Honesty.


             Details of movement of share awards granted by a shareholder during the period are as follows:


                                                                                           Number of awarded shares

                                                                                                                    Cancelled/
                                                                             As at     Granted          Vested             lapsed          As at
                                                                            1 Jan       during          during             during        30 Jun
             Grantees     Date of grant   Vesting period                     2024    the period      the period     the period             2024

             Employees    1 Apr 2022      1 Apr 2022 to 1 Apr 2025      57,585,000            –               –     (2,910,000)       54,675,000
                          1 Apr 2022      1 Apr 2022 to 1 Apr 2026      57,585,000            –               –     (2,910,000)       54,675,000
                          1 Apr 2022      1 Apr 2022 to 1 Apr 2027      76,780,000            –               –     (3,880,000)       72,900,000
                          14 Sep 2022     14 Sep 2022 to 14 Sep 2025     1,770,000            –               –                 –      1,770,000
                          14 Sep 2022     14 Sep 2022 to 14 Sep 2026     1,770,000            –               –                 –      1,770,000
                          14 Sep 2022     14 Sep 2022 to 14 Sep 2027     2,360,000            –               –                 –      2,360,000

             Total                                                     197,850,000            –               –     (9,700,000)      188,150,000


             Details of movement of shares awards granted by a shareholder during the prior period are as follows:


                                                                                             Number of awarded shares

                                                                                                                        Cancelled/
                                                                             As at     Granted           Vested            lapsed          As at
                                                                             1 Jan       during          during             during        30 Jun
             Grantees    Date of grant    Vesting period                     2023     the period      the period        the period         2023

             Employees   1 Apr 2022       1 Apr 2022 to 1 Apr 2025      60,045,000            –               –                 –     60,045,000
                         1 Apr 2022       1 Apr 2022 to 1 Apr 2026      60,045,000            –               –                 –     60,045,000
                         1 Apr 2022       1 Apr 2022 to 1 Apr 2027      80,060,000            –               –                 –     80,060,000
                         14 Sep 2022      14 Sep 2022 to 14 Sep 2025     1,770,000            –               –                 –      1,770,000
                         14 Sep 2022      14 Sep 2022 to 14 Sep 2026     1,770,000            –               –                 –      1,770,000
                         14 Sep 2022      14 Sep 2022 to 14 Sep 2027     2,360,000            –               –                 –      2,360,000

             Total                                                     206,050,000            –               –                 –    206,050,000




                                                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2024            45
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



     23. Related Party Disclosures
          During the period, the Group had entered into the following significant transactions with related parties and the
          balances with them at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

          (I)   Related companies

                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                Relationships                 Nature of transactions/balances                      2024             2023
                                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000

                Related companies (note a)    Sales of pharmaceutical products                   764,246          503,915
                                              Purchase of pharmaceutical and
                                                other products                                     4,616            10,648
                                              Payment of lease liabilities                        63,966            66,996

                                                                                                 30 June     31 December
                                                                                                    2024            2023
                                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000

                                              Balance due from/(to) the related companies
                                                — trade receivables (note b)
                                                    aged 0–90 days                               319,916          121,823
                                                    aged 91–180 days                             225,981           27,034
                                                    aged 181–365 days                              1,734                –
                                                    aged over 365 days                             1,609            1,609

                                                                                                 549,240          150,466

                                                 — other receivables (note c)                     10,543             6,847
                                                 — trade payables (note b)
                                                     aged 0–90 days                               (16,814)         (18,770)
                                                     aged 91–180 days                                (556)                (2)
                                                     aged 181–365 days                               (273)            (273)
                                                     aged over 365 days                               (16)              (16)

                                                                                                  (17,659)         (19,061)

                                                 — other payables (note c)                         (2,388)           (2,375)
                                                 — lease liabilities                              (99,267)        (160,558)




46   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



23. Related Party Disclosures (continued)
     (II)   Joint ventures


                                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
            Relationships                         Nature of transactions/balances                               2024               2023
                                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000

            Joint ventures                        Sales of pharmaceutical products                            72,653                   –
                                                  Purchase of raw materials                                  104,696              79,678
                                                  Research and development expenses                           11,722              25,284

                                                                                                            30 June          31 December
                                                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000

                                                  Balance due from/(to) joint ventures
                                                     — trade receivables (note b)
                                                          aged 0–90 days                                      34,324               3,038
                                                          aged 91–180 days                                        825              3,693

                                                                                                              35,149               6,731

                                                     — other receivables (note c)                            144,658             122,800
                                                     — trade payables (note b)
                                                          aged 0–90 days                                     (23,567)            (27,179)
                                                          aged 91–180 days                                     (4,801)              (589)
                                                          aged 181–365 days                                    (1,049)              (186)
                                                          aged over 365 days                                     (265)               (79)

                                                                                                             (29,682)            (28,033)

                                                     — other payables (note c)                                 (8,305)            (7,554)

            Notes:

            (a)      Mr. Cai Dongchen, executive director and the Chairman of the Company, has significant influence over the Company
                     and exercises control over CSPC Holdings Company Limited (“CHL”) through a series of controlled corporations.
                     Accordingly, CHL and its subsidiaries and associates are related parties of the Group.

            (b)      The general credit period for trade receivables and payables are 90 days (31 December 2023: 90 days).

            (c)      The amounts are unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable on demand.




                                                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2024     47
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



     24. Capital and Other Commitments
          At the end of the reporting period, the Group had the following capital commitments:


                                                                                                               30 June        31 December
                                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000

          Capital expenditure in respect of acquisition of property,
            plant and equipment contracted for but not provided in the
            condensed consolidated financial statements                                                       1,303,982           1,088,060
          Commitments arising from unlisted equity
            investments in partnerships                                                                         525,447             531,485


     25. Fair Value Measurement of Financial Instruments
          Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
          period. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets and financial liabilities
          are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy
          into which the fair value measurements are categorised (Levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the
          fair value measurements are observable.


          •     Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for identical
                assets or liabilities;


          •     Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1
                that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and


          •     Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the asset or
                liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).




48   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



25. Fair Value Measurement of Financial Instruments (continued)

                                                                                                                            Significant                Relationship of
     Financial assets/                                           Fair value   Valuation techniques and                      unobservable               unobservable
     financial liability           Fair value as at              hierarchy    key input(s)                                  input(s)                   inputs to fair value
                                 30 June          31 December
                                    2024                  2023
                                RMB’000               RMB’000

     Equity securities listed   1,467,395               88,236 Level 1        Quoted bid prices in an active market         N/A                        N/A
       in Hong Kong


     Unquoted investments       1,936,307             2,298,923 Level 3       Discount cash flow — in this approach,        Estimated discount rate    The higher the estimated
                                                                                the discounted cash flow method was                                      discount rate, the lower the
                                                                                used to capture the present value of                                     fair value, vice versa
                                                                                future expected cash flows to be
                                                                                derived from the underlying assets


                                                                                                                            Long-term pre-tax          The higher of the long-term
                                                                                                                              operating margin           pre-tax operating margin,
                                                                                                                                                         the higher the fair value, vice
                                                                                                                                                         versa


     Bills receivables at       2,726,742             2,211,169 Level 2       Discounted cash flow at a discount rate       N/A                        N/A
       FVTOCI                                                                   that reflects the credit risk of issuers


     Structured bank            2,442,314             1,077,054 Level 2       Expected yields of underlying investments N/A                            N/A
       deposits                                                                 invested by bank at a discount rate
                                                                                that reflects the credit risk of the bank

     During the period, an equity investment at level 3 fair value measurement was transferred to level 1. The carrying value
     of the equity investment has increased by RMB1,100,000,000 to RMB1,400,000,000 (31 December 2023:
     RMB300,000,000) upon its listing on the Stock Exchange.


     Unrealised fair value gain of RMB931,249,000 included in other comprehensive income for the period ended 30 June
     2024 is related to other financial assets measured at FVTOCI held at the end of current reporting period (six months
     ended 30 June 2023: RMB10,979,000) and are reported as changes of ‘other reserves’.




                                                                                                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2024                  49
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024 – Unaudited



     25. Fair Value Measurement of Financial Instruments (continued)
          Fair value measurements and valuation processes
          In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is available.
          Where Level 1 and 2 inputs are not available, the Group has taken into account the assessment by qualified valuers to
          determine the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs to the model. The management reports to the Directors
          every quarter to explain the cause of fluctuations in the fair value of the assets and liabilities.


          Information about the valuation techniques and inputs used in determining the fair value of various assets and liability
          are disclosed above.


          The Directors consider that the carrying amounts of other financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at amortised
          cost in the condensed consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.




50   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Other Information


Directors’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures
The interests and short positions of the directors of the Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the
Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Future Ordinance (the “SFO”)
as at 30 June 2024 as recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to
the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) under the Model Code for Securities
Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”), are set out below.


Long Positions


                                                                                                              Total interests Approximate %
                                                                                        Number of                 in shares/     of the issued
                                                                    Number of           underlying               underlying           shares of
Name of director             Capacity                             shares held          shares held                   shares     the Company
CAI Dongchen                 Beneficial owner                     234,386,960             9,000,000     (2)
                                                                                                              2,844,255,670             23.91%
                             Interest of controlled             2,600,868,710 (1)                   –
                               corporation
ZHANG Cuilong                Beneficial owner                        4,000,000            4,000,000 (2)           8,000,000               0.07%
PAN Weidong                  Beneficial owner                        1,500,000            1,500,000     (2)
                                                                                                                  3,000,000               0.03%
WANG Zhenguo                 Beneficial owner                        1,500,000            1,500,000 (2)           3,000,000               0.03%
WANG Huaiyu                  Beneficial owner                        1,500,000            1,500,000     (2)
                                                                                                                  3,000,000               0.03%
LI Chunlei                   Beneficial owner                        1,500,000            4,500,000 (2)           6,000,000               0.05%
JIANG Hao                    Beneficial owner                          200,000            2,800,000     (2)
                                                                                                                  3,000,000               0.03%
YAO Bing                     Beneficial owner                                   –         1,500,000 (3)           1,500,000               0.01%

Notes:

(1)      Mr. Cai Dongchen is deemed to be interested in 2,600,868,710 shares, comprising (i) 406,904,640 shares directly held by Key
         Honesty Limited, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of True Ally Holdings Limited (“True Ally”); (ii) 1,218,834,470 shares directly held by
         Massive Giant Group Limited, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of True Ally; (iii) 948,249,600 shares directly held by True Ally, which is
         directly wholly-owned by Mr. Cai Dongchen and (iv) 26,880,000 shares directly held by Harmonic Choice Limited by virtue of his
         interests in a chain of corporations holding Harmonic Choice Limited, namely Massive Top Limited, of which March Rise Limited,
         Beijing Zhongyihe Hezhong Investment Management Centre (Limited Partnership) (北京中宜和合眾投資管理中心(有限合夥))
         (“Zhongyihe”) and True Ally own 75%, 15% and 10%, respectively. March Rise Limited in turn is owned as to 40% by True Ally and
         60% by Zhongyihe, the general partner of which is Mr. Cai Dongchen.

(2)      The interests represent share options granted under the Share Option Scheme of the Company. Details of which are set out in note
         22 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.

(3)      The interests represent 1,500,000 unvested share awards granted by Key Honesty Limited, a shareholder of the Company. Details of
         which are set out in note 22 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.


Save as disclosed above, none of the directors of the Company or their associates had any interests or short positions in the
shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations as at 30 June 2024 as
recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the
Stock Exchange under the Model Code.




                                                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2024        51
     Other Information



     Arrangements to Purchase Shares or Debentures
     Other than the long-term incentive programs disclosed below, at no time during the six months ended 30 June 2024 was
     the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the directors of the Company to acquire
     benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.


     Substantial Shareholders’ Interests
     Other persons’ interests and short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company (within the meaning of Part
     XV of the SFO) as at 30 June 2024 as recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO are set out
     below.


     Long Positions


                                                                                                          Total
                                                                                                      interests Approximate %
     Name of                                                                   Number of             in shares/      of the issued
     substantial                                            Number of           underlying          underlying          shares of
     shareholder               Capacity                    shares held         shares held              shares    the Company
     Cai Dongchen              Beneficial owner            234,386,960          9,000,000   (2)
                                                                                                  2,844,255,670           23.91%
                               Interest in controlled    2,600,868,710 (1)                –
                                 corporation
     True Ally Holdings        Beneficial owner            948,249,600                    –       2,600,868,710           21.86%
       Limited                 Interest in controlled    1,652,619,110   (1)
                                                                                          –
                                 corporation
     Massive Giant Group       Beneficial owner          1,218,834,470                    –       1,218,834,470           10.25%
       Limited
     Common Success            Beneficial owner            728,796,313                    –        728,796,313             6.13%
       International Limited
     UBS Group AG              Interest in controlled      798,492,485                    –        798,492,485             6.71%
                                 corporation
     Citigroup Inc.            Interest in controlled       24,456,181                    –        713,775,474             6.00%
                                 corporation
                               Approved lending agent      689,319,293
     BlackRock, Inc.           Interest in controlled      609,099,137                    –        609,099,137             5.12%
                                 corporation




52   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Other Information



Substantial Shareholders’ Interests (continued)
Short Positions


                                                                                                                             Approximate %
                                                                                                                                of the issued
Name of substantial                                                                                      Number of                   shares of
shareholder                                    Capacity                                                shares held             the Company
UBS Group AG                                   Interest in controlled corporation                      136,744,400                       1.15%
Citigroup Inc.                                 Interest in controlled corporation                        16,454,630                      0.14%
BlackRock, Inc.                                Interest in controlled corporation                            800,000                     0.01%

Note:

(1)     Mr. Cai Dongchen is deemed to be interested in 2,600,868,710 shares, comprising (i) 406,904,640 shares directly held by Key
        Honesty Limited, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of True Ally; (ii) 1,218,834,470 shares directly held by Massive Giant Group Limited,
        a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of True Ally; (iii) 948,249,600 shares directly held by True Ally, which is directly wholly-owned by Mr.
        Cai Dongchen and (iv) 26,880,000 shares directly held by Harmonic Choice Limited by virtue of his interests in a chain of corporations
        holding Harmonic Choice Limited, namely Massive Top Limited, of which March Rise Limited, Zhongyihe and True Ally own 75%,
        15% and 10%, respectively. March Rise Limited in turn is owned as to 40% by True Ally and 60% by Zhongyihe, the general partner
        of which is Mr. Cai Dongchen.

(2)     The interests represent share options granted under the Share Option Scheme of the Company. Details of which are set out in note
        22 to the Condensed Consolidated financial statements.


Save as disclosed above, no other persons had any interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the
Company as at 30 June 2024 as recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO, or as otherwise
notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.




                                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2024        53
     Other Information



     Long-Term Incentive Programs
     (i)   Share Option Scheme
           The Company has adopted a share option scheme on 9 December 2015 (the “Share Option Scheme”), details of
           which are set out in note 22 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.


           On 4 September 2023 (the “Grant Date”), the Company conditionally granted share options (the “Share Options”) to
           the directors of the Company set out in the table below (the “Management Grantees”) to subscribe for an aggregate of
           50,000,000 shares of the Company (the “Share Option Shares”) under the Share Option Scheme.


           The exercise of the Share Options by the Management Grantees in full (the “Exercise of the Share Options”) will cause
           the aggregate shareholding interests in the total number of issued shares held by the Management Grantees and
           parties acting in concert with any of them (collectively, the “Management Group”) to increase from approximately
           29.90% of the total number of issued shares of the Company as at the Grant Date to approximately 30.19% of the
           total number of issued shares of the Company as enlarged by the issuance of the Share Option Shares in full.
           Accordingly, the Management Grantees would be obliged to make a mandatory general offer pursuant to Rule 26.1 of
           the Takeovers Code to the shareholders of the Company for all the issued shares not already owned or agreed to be
           acquired by the Management Group as a result of the allotment and issuance of the Share Option Shares to the
           Management Grantees, unless a whitewash waiver is granted by the Securities and Futures Commission (“SFC”). The
           Management Grantees applied to the SFC for, and the SFC granted, a waiver pursuant to Note 1 of the Notes on
           dispensations from Rule 26 of the Takeovers Code from the obligations of the Management Grantees to make a
           mandatory general offer for all of the shares and other securities (as defined in Note 4 to Rule 22 of the Takeovers
           Code) of the Company (if any) not already owned or agreed to be acquired by the Management Group which would
           otherwise arise as a result of the completion of the Exercise of the Share Options (the “Whitewash Waiver”).


           The resolutions approving the Whitewash Waiver and the conditional grant of the Share Options and the Exercise of
           the Share Options and the transactions contemplated thereunder were duly passed at the extraordinary general
           meeting held by the Company on 29 November 2023.


           On 11 April 2024, a total number of 19,500,000 Share Options have been exercised by some of the Management
           Grantees at the exercise price of HK$5.98 per share. Accordingly, a total of 19,500,000 new shares were allotted and
           issued to some of the Management Grantees on 15 April 2024 (the “Issuance”). Pursuant to Note 15 to Rule 26.1 of
           the Takeovers Code, the Management Group shall be deemed to have a lowest percentage holding equal to its
           percentage holding immediately after the Issuance, i.e. 30.01% as at 15 April 2024 (the “New Lowest Percentage
           Holding”). Any acquisition of additional voting rights by the Management Group subsequent to the Issuance shall be
           subject to the 2% creeper under Rule 26.1 of the Takeovers Code by reference to the New Lowest Percentage
           Holding in the 12-month period ending on the date of the Issuance, unless any subsequent disposition of voting rights
           by the Management Group causes the lowest percentage holding of the Management Group to fall below the New
           Lowest Percentage Holding. Details of the above exercise of Share Options are set out in the announcement of the
           Company dated 15 April 2024.




54   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Other Information



       The table below shows details of movements of the Share Options during the period:


                                                                                                  Number of share options
                                                                                                                         Cancelled/
                                                                         Outstanding        Granted       Exercised          lapsed    Outstanding
       Name of            Date of      Exercise    Vesting    Exercise    as of 1 Jan         during      during the     during the    as of 30 Jun
       grantees           grant          period     period       price          2024          period         period          period           2024
       Directors:
       Cai Dongchen       4 Sep 2023         (1)        (2)   HK$5.98      18,000,000              –      (9,000,000)             –      9,000,000
       Zhang Cuilong      4 Sep 2023         (1)        (2)   HK$5.98       8,000,000              –      (4,000,000)             –      4,000,000
       Wang Zhenguo       4 Sep 2023         (1)        (2)   HK$5.98       3,000,000              –      (1,500,000)             –      1,500,000
       Pan Weidong        4 Sep 2023         (1)        (2)   HK$5.98       3,000,000              –      (1,500,000)             –      1,500,000
       Wang Huaiyu        4 Sep 2023         (1)        (2)   HK$5.98       3,000,000              –      (1,500,000)             –      1,500,000
       Li Chunlei         4 Sep 2023         (1)        (2)   HK$5.98       6,000,000              –      (1,500,000)             –      4,500,000
       Wang Qingxi  (3)
                          4 Sep 2023         (1)        (2)   HK$5.98       3,000,000              –               –              –      3,000,000
       Chak Kin Man(3)    4 Sep 2023         (1)        (2)   HK$5.98       3,000,000              –        (300,000)             –      2,700,000
       Jiang Hao          4 Sep 2023         (1)        (2)   HK$5.98       3,000,000              –        (200,000)             –      2,800,000
                                                                           50,000,000              –     (19,500,000)             –     30,500,000

       1.      Subject to the fulfillment of the conditions for the grant and exercise of the share options, the vesting conditions and the vesting
               period, the exercise period of the share options is 10 years from the date of grant (i.e. 4 September 2023 to 3 September
               2033, both days inclusive).

       2.      Conditional upon the Group having achieved a single-digit percentage growth on the amount of the underlying profit attributable
               to shareholders (i.e. the profit attributable to shareholders after excluding certain non-operating items as determined by the
               Board) for the year ended 31 December 2023 as compared to that for the year ended 31 December 2022, 50% of the share
               options shall be vested on 1 April 2024, and such condition had already been satisfied. The remaining 50% of the share
               options shall be vested on 1 April 2025 conditional upon the Group having achieved a double-digit percentage growth on the
               amount of the underlying profit attributable to shareholders (i.e. the profit attributable to shareholders after excluding certain
               non-operating items as determined by the Board) for the year ended 31 December 2024 as compared to that for the year
               ended 31 December 2023.

       3.      Mr. Wang Qingxi and Mr. Chak Kin Man retired as Executive Directors of the Company with effect from 28 May 2024.

       4.      The weighted average closing price of the Company’s shares immediately before the date on which the options were exercised
               was HK$5.94 per share.


(ii)   Share Award Scheme
       The Company has adopted a share award scheme on 20 August 2018. In addition, a shareholder of the Company has
       granted share awards to selected employees of the Group. Details of the Company’s share awards scheme and the
       share awards granted by the shareholder are set out in note 22 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2024       55
     Other Information



     Corporate Governance
     The Company has complied with all the code provisions in the Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix C1 of the
     Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) throughout the
     six months ended 30 June 2024.


     Directors’ Securities Transactions
     The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules. In response to specific enquiry
     mode, all directors confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code throughout the
     six months ended 30 June 2024.


     Review of Interim Results and Interim Report
     The interim results for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and this Report have been reviewed by the audit committee of
     the Company.


     Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
     During the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Company repurchased its own shares through the Stock Exchange as
     follows:


                                                                    Highest             Lowest
                                                 Number           purchase           purchase
                                               of shares           price per          price per        Aggregate consideration
     Date                                  repurchased                 share              share            (before expenses)
                                                                         HK$                HK$                HK$               RMB
                                                                                                                           (equivalent)
     April 2024                               26,628,000                5.99                5.66      155,616,000        141,147,000
     June 2024                                36,350,000                6.58                6.21      231,848,000        211,185,000
                                              62,978,000                                              387,464,000        352,332,000


     The shares repurchased in April 2024 and June 2024 were cancelled in May 2024 and July 2024, respectively. The Board
     considered that the repurchases were made for the benefit of the shareholders with a view to enhancing the earnings per
     share as well as maximizing shareholders’ return.


     Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the listed
     securities of the Company during the six months ended 30 June 2024.


     Closure of register of members
     The register of members of the Company will be closed from Monday, 4 November 2024 to Wednesday, 6 November 2024,
     both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares will be effected. In order to qualify for the interim dividend, all
     share transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s share
     registrar, Tricor Secretaries Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong for registration not later
     than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 1 November 2024.




56   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
