                             2023




                     I O N                                 I O N
   N O           VAT                   N O             VAT
IN
2023
       年度
            報告                      IN
                                    2023
                                           ANN U A L REPORT
Contents




2     Corporate Information

3     Financial Highlights

4     Chairman’s Statement

7     Management Discussion and Analysis

31    Corporate Governance Report

41    Directors’ Report

58    Independent Auditor’s Report

63    Consolidated Statement of Income Statement

64    Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

65    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

67    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

69    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

71    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

156   Financial Summary




                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023   1
    Corporate Information

    Board of Directors                      Company Secretary
    Executive Directors                     LO Tai On
    CAI Dongchen (Chairman)
    ZHANG Cuilong (Vice-Chairman and CEO)   Registered Office
    WANG Zhenguo                            Suite 3206
    PAN Weidong                             32nd Floor
    WANG Huaiyu                             Central Plaza
    LI Chunlei                              18 Harbour Road
    WANG Qingxi                             Wan Chai
    CHAK Kin Man                            Hong Kong
    JIANG Hao
                                            Share Registrar
    Independent Non-executive Directors     Tricor Secretaries Limited
    WANG Bo                                 17/F, Far East Finance Centre
    CHEN Chuan                              16 Harcourt Road
    WANG Hongguang                          Hong Kong
    AU Chun Kwok Alan
    LAW Cheuk Kin Stephen                   Auditor
    LI Quan                                 Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                            Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
    Audit Committee
    AU Chun Kwok Alan (Chairman)            Stock Exchange
    WANG Bo                                 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
    CHEN Chuan
                                            Stock Code
    Nomination Committee                    1093
    CAI Dongchen (Chairman)
    WANG Bo                                 Website
    CHEN Chuan                              www.cspc.com.hk


    Remuneration Committee
    AU Chun Kwok Alan (Chairman)
    WANG Bo
    CHEN Chuan




2   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Financial Highlights


                                                                             2023                   2022                 Change

(in RMB’000, unless otherwise stated)

Revenue by business units:
  Finished drugs                                                      25,637,134             24,520,067                    +4.6%
  Bulk products                                                        3,641,328              4,031,947                    -9.7%
  Functional food and others                                           2,171,647              2,384,890                    -8.9%

Total revenue                                                         31,450,109             30,936,904                    +1.7%

Profit attributable to shareholders
  Underlying profit (Note)                                             6,275,253              6,105,725                    +2.8%
  As reported                                                          5,873,325              6,091,390                    -3.6%

Earnings per share (RMB cents)
  Based on underlying profit attributable to
    shareholders
    – Basic                                                                 52.86                  51.23                   +3.2%
    – Diluted                                                               52.85                  51.23                   +3.2%


  Based on profit attributable to shareholders
    – Basic                                                                 49.47                  51.11                   -3.2%
    – Diluted                                                               49.47                  51.11                   -3.2%

Final dividend per share (HK cents)                                         14.00                  11.00                 +27.3%

Full-year dividend per share (HK cents)                                     28.00                  21.00                 +33.3%


Note:   Underlying profit attributable to shareholders, a non-HKFRS measure, represents profit before taking into account fair value
        changes on financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss, employee share-based compensation expense
        and gains on deemed disposal of partial interests in an associate and a joint venture. Reconciliation between the reported
        and underlying profit is provided on page 29 of this report.




                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023       3
    Chairman’s
    Statement

    Results
    For the year ended 31 December 2023, the revenue of the Group amounted to RMB31,450 million, an increase of
    1.7% as compared to 2022.


    The underlying profit attributable to shareholders, excluding fair value changes on financial assets measured at fair
    value through profit or loss, employee share-based compensation expense, and gains on deemed disposal of partial
    interests in an associate and a joint venture, amounted to RMB6,275 million, an increase of 2.8% as compared to
    2022.


    The profit attributable to shareholders amounted to RMB5,873 million, a decrease of 3.6% as compared to 2022.


    Dividend
    The Board recommended a final dividend of HK14 cents per share for 2023. Subject to the approval of shareholders
    at the forthcoming annual general meeting, the proposed final dividend will be paid on 26 June 2024 to shareholders
    whose names appear on the register of members on 5 June 2024. Together with an interim dividend of HK14 cents
    per share, the full-year dividend for 2023 amounted to HK28 cents per share, an increase of 33.3% as compared to
    2022.




4   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Chairman’s Statement



Industry Review
In 2023, the pharmaceutical industry has gradually resumed to normal amid the ease of the pandemic. In March, the
Center for Drug Evaluation of the NMPA issued the “Center for Drug Evaluation Guidelines for Expediting the Review
of Innovative Drug’s Marketing Approval Applications (Trial)”. This not only guides enterprises to explore higher clinical
values and foster innovation by setting higher requirements for the clinical development and approval of innovative
drugs, but also improves the review and approval mechanism to expedite the launch of innovative drugs.


The 2023 National Reimbursement Drug List (NRDL) was released in December, of which 126 new drugs were added
and 1 drug was removed. The overall price decrease was relatively moderate, with an average reduction of 61.7%
for negotiated drugs. With the optimisation and improvement in medical insurance policies, the certainty of growth of
domestic innovative drugs has increased significantly.


Driven by national policies and increased corporate investments in research and development (R&D) in recent years,
the number of innovative drugs approved for launch in this year has significantly increased compared to last year.
The scale of out-licensing cooperation by Chinese pharmaceutical companies has reached new heights, and at the
same time, a number of innovative drugs have also been successfully approved to launch in the European and the
U.S. markets. This indicates a gradual improvement in R&D capabilities for domestic innovative drugs and further
alignment of the Chinese pharmaceutical companies with international standards.


Business Review
In 2023, the Group adhered to the operation strategy of “strong innovation, strong team, strong management and
stable growth. In the pursuit of continuous improvement of competitiveness, the Group has also achieved stable
growth in its performance.


In 2023, the finished drug business maintained steady growth. Several new products of recent years such as
Mingfule (明復樂® ) (recombinant human TNK tissue-type plasminogen activator for injection), Yiluoda (伊絡達® )
(nintedanib capsules) and Anfulike (安複利克®) (amphotericin B cholesteryl sulfate complex for injection) achieved
rapid sales ramp-up during the year. In addition, several new drugs with market potential have been approved for
launch, including Jinlitai (津立泰 ®) (narlumosbart injection), Duoenyi (多恩益 ®) (irinotecan hydrochloride liposome
injection) and Ouyuexin (歐悅欣®) (desvenlafaxine succinate extended-release tablets). Mingfule, a third-generation
thrombolytic drug, also obtained marketing approval for treatment of acute ischemic stroke in February 2024.
Duoenda (多恩達 ®) (mitoxantrone hydrochloride liposome injection), Copiktra (克必妥 ®) (duvelisib capsules), Haiyitan
(海益坦 ®) (glumetinib tablets) and Ouyuexin were successfully included into the NRDL through negotiation.


In addition to continuing to increase R&D investments, the Group was also committed to improving R&D efficiency
during the year. The R&D and clinical development of innovative drugs were progressing as planned. Currently, more
than 60 key product candidates are in the clinical stage, many of which are with global patents and high market
value. The approval and continuous ramp-up in sales of new products have laid a solid foundation for the growth of
the Group’s sales, and have also led to a more balanced product portfolio across various therapeutic areas.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023      5
    Chairman’s Statement



    During the year, the Group accelerated our pace of internationalisation by establishing an international headquarters
    in Singapore and an overseas market division for formulation drugs, striving to expedite the expansion for high-end
    complex formulation drugs (i.e. liposomes) as well as biological preparations (including monoclonal and bispecific
    antibodies) in markets including Europe, the US, Japan and South Korea; carrying out product registration and
    customer development for various types of formulation drugs across Asia, Africa and Latin America; and setting
    up companies along the “Belt and Road” countries such as Singapore, Thailand, Malaysia and Vietnam to promote
    product registration and sales, with the goal of increasing the contribution of overseas business.


    In terms of business expansion, the Group has completed three major product licensing projects during the year,
    among them the exclusive licence agreement signed with Corbus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in the U.S. for SYS6002
    (Nectin-4 ADC) marks the global recognition of the Group’s innovation capabilities. This is an important milestone for
    the Group’s self-developed innovative products expanding into overseas market.


    CSPC attaches great importance to our ESG standard and is committed to creating a green, harmonious and
    sustainable development path, improving corporate governance and actively giving back to society. The MSCI ESG
    rating of the Company has remained at A for three consecutive years.


    Outlook
    Looking forward, the Group will continue to focus on in-house pipelines through our existing eight innovative
    R&D platforms, adhere to a clinical demand-oriented approach and endeavor to expand into new therapeutic
    targets. Besides, the Group will also expand into emerging fields such as gene therapy and cell therapy. In terms
    of internationalisation, the Group aims to enhance the contribution of its overseas business through models such
    as proactive selection of advantageous projects for simultaneous development overseas, optimisation of clinical
    development pathway, acceleration of the application and launch of innovative drugs in overseas markets, as well
    as cooperation with overseas commercial enterprises. In terms of business development, the Group will continue
    to pursue extensive and in-depth cooperation with innovative biotech companies and scientific research institutions
    through the win-win model of “Pharma+Biotech”. Furthermore, the Group will endeavor to seize opportunities arising
    from policies and adhere to the “dual-driver” of innovation and internationalisation. The Group is also committed to
    the philosophy of “All for Better Medicine, All for a Healthier World”, striving to become an innovative pharmaceutical
    company with international influence.


    Appreciation
    I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to all staff for their dedication and diligence, and to all
    our shareholders, business partners and customers for their continued support.




    CAI Dongchen
    Chairman


    20 March 2024




6   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
                                                                  Management
                                                                Discussion and
                                                                      Analysis
Overview
The Group is an innovation-driven pharmaceutical enterprise with integrated research and development (R&D),
manufacture and sales capabilities. With the corporate mission of “All for Better Medicine, All for a Healthier World”,
the Group is committed to developing innovative products to address unmet clinical needs and provide innovative
therapies for patients.


The Group has built an internationalised R&D team with more than 2,000 professionals and key R&D centres located
in Shijiazhuang, Shanghai, Beijing and the US respectively, focusing on the key therapeutic areas such as oncology,
psychiatry and neurology, cardiovascular, immunology and respiratory, digestion and metabolism, and anti-infectives.
Eight innovative technology R&D platforms have been established, encompassing nano-formulation, messenger RNA
(mRNA), small interfering RNA (siRNA), monoclonal antibody, bispecific antibody and antibody–drug conjugates (ADC),
which provide strong support for the R&D in innovative drugs. The Group currently has approximately 130 innovative
drug projects under development, including over 40 large molecule projects, over 40 small molecule projects and
over 30 new-formulation projects. It is expected that approximately 50 innovative drugs will be filed for marketing
approval in the next 5 years, which will provide continuous momentum for the Group’s development.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023     7
    Management Discussion and Analysis



    The Group has strong commercialisation capabilities. It currently has established a professional sales team of over
    10,000 individuals, with extensive coverage in medical institutions across the country. We are now actively stepping
    up our efforts in lower-tier market penetration and developing the county-level markets to provide quality drugs to
    the grass roots. Through patient-centric and clinical-data driven academic promotion, the Group’s sales team has
    successfully nurtured a number of market-leading core products. The Group’s strong sales team and successful
    commercialisation experience will safeguard the sales performance of its innovative drugs on the market.


    Business Review
    Finished Drug Business
    In 2023, the finished drug business maintained stable growth. The Group continued to adopt the strategies of
    hospital channel development, lower-tier market penetration, retail channel expansion, expansion of the drugs’
    clinical applications and professional academic promotion to drive the growth of finished drug products. During the
    year, market development activities of the newly launched drugs were initiated smoothly, and a number of drugs were
    selected at national volume-based procurement (VBP) or included in the National Reimbursement Drug List (NRDL),
    which boosted sales and led to a more balanced product portfolio.


    The finished drug business recorded a revenue of RMB25,637 million (including licence fee income of RMB34.70
    million) for the year, an increase of 4.6% compared to the previous year. Sales by major therapeutic areas are as
    follows:

    Therapeutic Area                                                             Sales in 2023                 Change
                                                                                  (RMB’ million)


    Nervous system                                                                        9,089                 +12.1%
    Oncology                                                                              6,139                 -16.4%
    Anti-infectives                                                                       4,236                 +19.7%
    Cardiovascular                                                                        2,440                 -15.5%
    Respiratory system                                                                    1,560                +124.0%
    Digestion and metabolism                                                                889                 +17.8%
    Others                                                                                1,249                 +24.1%

    Nervous System
    Major products include NBP (恩必普®) (butylphthalide soft capsules and butylphthalide and sodium chloride injection),
    Shuanling (舒安靈 ®) (pentoxifylline extended-release tablets and pentoxifylline injection), Enliwei (恩理維 ®) (lacosamide
    injection and lacosamide tablets), Enxi (恩悉®) (pramipexole dihydrochloride tablets), Oulaining (歐來寧®) (oxiracetam
    capsules and oxiracetam for injection) and Oushuan (歐舒安®) (paliperidone extended-release tablets).




8   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



During the year, NBP maintained stable growth, while Shuanling, Enliwei and Enxi saw rapid sales ramp-ups leading
to a significant increase in revenue.


•      NBP is a Class 1 new chemical drug and a patent-protected exclusive product indicated for the treatment of
       acute ischemic stroke. The product is recommended by many professional organisations and guidelines and is
       one of the major drugs for this indication. In 2023, the new NRDL price of NBP was implemented, which has
       further improved the accessibility of the product. Its expansion into new indications is also actively underway
       to provide further room for growth.


•      Shuanling is a non-selective phosphodiesterase inhibitor that can comprehensively improve microcirculation
       through multiple mechanisms of action. While seeking expansion in the fields of neurology and endocrine,
       Shuanling further developed the nephrology field, with sales continuing to achieve rapid growth.


•      Enliwei is an anti-epileptic drug. The injectable was included into the 2022 NRDL through price bidding,
       while the tablets was selected in the seventh batch of national VBP. Sales achieved rapid growth through the
       strategy of “low prices in exchange for volume”.


•      Enxi is used for the treatment of the signs and symptoms of adult idiopathic Parkinson’s disease, and is a
       product selected in VBP. During the year, its market coverage was further expanded by penetrating into lower-
       tier markets and developing retail channels.


•      Oushuan, a drug used for the treatment of schizophrenia, has the lowest daily treatment cost among
       paliperidone products currently available. The product was launched during the year with marketing activities
       smoothly initiated.


Oncology
Major products include Jinyouli (津優力 ®) (PEG-rhG-CSF injection), Duomeisu (多美素 ®) (doxorubicin hydrochloride
liposome injection), Keaili (克艾力 ®) (paclitaxel for injection (albumin-bound)), as well as new products launched
in recent years including Duoenda (多恩達 ®) (mitoxantrone hydrochloride liposome injection), Duoenyi (多恩益 ®)
(irinotecan hydrochloride liposome injection), Jinlitai (津立泰 ®) (narlumosbart injection), Copiktra (克必妥 ®) (duvelisib
capsules) and Geruite (戈瑞特®) (lenvatinib mesilate capsules).


During the year, Jinyouli maintained steady growth and Duomeisu remained stable, but sales of Keaili decreased
significantly due to the price cut at VBP. The new product Duoenyi saw a sales ramp-up after obtaining marketing
approval during the year.


•      Jinyouli is the first long-acting white blood cell booster drug developed in China. It is a Class 1 therapeutic
       biological drug used to prevent and treat incidence of infection and pyrexia due to low neutrophil count
       in patients receiving chemotherapy. The product is unanimously recommended by domestic and foreign
       guidelines and has won multiple national awards. With the implementation of the results of Guangdong
       Alliance VBP during the year, sales volume of the product achieved rapid growth in the implemented
       provinces. Marketing efforts currently focus on promoting the long-acting formulation, expanding the coverage
       in core hospitals in prefecture-level cities, lower-tier market penetration and driving sales ramp-up in VBP
       regions in order to maintain sustainable growth of the product.

                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023     9
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     •     Duomeisu is a drug developed by the National Key Laboratory for New Pharmaceutical Preparations
           and Excipients of the Group and supported by the Major New Drug Development project in China. It is
           recommended by the US National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN) Guidelines and the Chinese
           Society of Clinical Oncology (CSCO) for the first-line treatment of lymphoma, ovarian cancer, relapsed or
           metastatic breast cancer, soft tissue sarcoma and AIDS-related Kaposi’s sarcoma. Duomeisu is a leading
           brand of liposomal doxorubicin in China. The Group will continue to carry out professional academic
           promotion, enhance lower-tier market penetration and leverage on government policies (such as the VBP by
           the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei “3+N” Alliance) to increase market coverage.


     •     Keaili is a new-generation paclitaxel chemotherapy drug with recommendation in domestic and foreign
           guidelines and expert consensus for therapeutic areas such as breast cancer, lung cancer, ovarian cancer,
           gastric cancer, pancreatic cancer and esophageal cancer. During the year, the renewed VBP price of the
           product was implemented successively in each province, which resulted in a significant decline in sales.
           Leveraging on the low-price advantage, the Group will promote usage of Keaili in more therapeutic areas
           and continue to promote the replacement of conventional paclitaxel drugs and enhance lower-tier market
           penetration to expand the market potential.


     •     Duoenda, a Class 2 new chemical drug developed by the Group for the treatment of relapsed/refractory
           peripheral T-cell lymphoma, is the world’s first mitoxantrone nanodrug on the market with patents in several
           countries. The product was launched in January 2022, and was included into the CSCO Guidelines for
           Lymphoma in April 2022 which recommends its usage for the treatment of relapsed/refractory peripheral T-cell
           lymphoma (stage 2A) and NKT cell lymphoma (stage 2B). Through professional academic promotion and
           continuous provision of supplemental medical evidence, the product has received positive market response
           since its launch. Currently, it is being used by more than 670 hospitals. In December 2023, Duoenda was
           successfully included in the NRDL through negotiation, which will have a positive impact on its sales in the
           future. The product is also actively exploring and studying in the field of hematological tumors including T-cell
           lymphoma, diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, acute myeloid leukemia and multiple myeloma, and solid tumors
           including nasopharyngeal cancer.


     •     Duoenyi is the first generic irinotecan hydrochloride liposome injection in China. It was approved in September
           2023 for being used in combination with 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) and leucovorin (LV) for the treatment of patients
           with metastatic pancreatic cancer that has progressed after receiving gemcitabine treatment. The product
           is recommended by the CSCO, China Anti-Cancer Association (CACA) and National Comprehensive Cancer
           Network (NCCN) guidelines. The CSCO Guidelines recommends (Class I recommendation) the combination
           regimen for the second-line and above treatment of metastatic pancreatic cancer. The Group has established
           a dedicated sales team for Duoenyi, and the product has experienced rapid sales growth since its launch. The
           marketing efforts currently focus on gastrointestinal stromal tumors, including pancreatic cancer, biliary tract
           tumors, colorectal cancer, and will expand into solid tumors such as small cell lung cancer in the future.




10   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



•     Jinlitai is a Class 1 new drug with marketing approval obtained in September 2023. It is the world’s first
      IgG4 RANKL inhibitor independently developed by the Group, used for giant cell tumor of bone, tumor bone
      metastasis and the improvement of osteoporosis. Compared with denosumab, it has a faster onset of action
      (median time to tumor response of 0.95 month for narlumosbart compared to 3.1 months for denosumab) and
      good safety profile (incidence of skeletal-related events is only 3.1% and incidence of grade ≥3 hypocalcemia
      is lower). Currently, the Group is actively carrying out marketing activities for the product and striving for
      expanding market coverage rapidly.


•     Copiktra is the first approved dual PI3K δ/γ dual-target inhibitor in China. It achieves a balance between
      efficacy and safety by specifically acting on the δ and γ dual targets of PI3K signaling pathway. The product
      is the only PI3K inhibitor jointly recommended by the CSCO and NCCN guidelines for the treatment of
      relapsed and refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma. In December 2023, Copiktra was successfully included
      into the NRDL through negotiation, which will have a positive impact on its sales in the future.


•     Geruite can be indicated for patients with unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma who have not received
      systemic therapy, and patients with progressive, locally advanced or metastatic radioactive iodine-refractory
      differentiated thyroid cancer. It is recognised by the CSCO, CACA and NCCN guidelines. Geruite currently
      focuses on liver cancer, and will expand into endometrial cancer, kidney cancer, thyroid cancer, biliary tract
      tumors and other tumor types in the future. The product saw a rapid growth in sales after being selected in
      the seventh batch of national VBP in 2022.


Anti-infective
Major products include Anfulike (安複利克®) (amphotericin B cholesteryl sulfate complex for injection), Shuluoke (舒
羅克®) (meropenem for injection), Nuomoling (諾莫靈®) (amoxicillin capsules), Xianqu (先曲®) (ceftriaxone sodium for
injection), Xianwu (先伍®) (cefazolin sodium for injection), Zhongnuo Lixin (中諾立新®) (cefuroxime sodium for injection)
and Weihong (維宏 ®) (azithromycin tablets/capsules/enteric tablets, azithromycin for injection).


During the year, sales of antibiotic products soared due to the strong market demand and the selection of a
number of products in national VBP or provincial alliance VBP. Sales of Anfulike has doubled. Continuous academic
promotion has led to a better understanding of the clinical benefits of the product among doctors.


•     Anfulike is recommended jointly by the State Ministry of Industry and Health Care Commission as a “clinically
      urgent, market-deficient” drug. It was granted drug registration approval after passing a priority review in
      March 2021 for the treatment of patients with invasive fungal infections. With modification of the product’s
      lipid structure, the incidence of nephrotoxicity and hypokalaemia is reduced. It can be used by patients with
      renal impairment or drug toxicity which precludes the use of effective dose of amphotericin B, or patients
      who have failed in prior amphotericin B deoxycholate treatment. Anfulike has high accessibility as it has
      been included in the NRDL. The Group strives to enhance doctors’ understanding of the clinical advantage
      of the product, expand its market coverage and develop its clinical application in hematology, severe illness,
      respiratory and infection departments to achieve rapid sales growth.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023   11
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Cardiovascular
     Major products include Xuanning (玄寧 ®) (maleate levamlodipine tablets and dispersible tablets), Mingfule (明復樂 ®)
     (recombinant human TNK tissue-type plasminogen activator for injection), Encun (恩存 ® ) (clopidogrel bisulfate
     tablets), Daxinning (達新寧 ® ) (dronedarone hydrochloride tablets), Abikang (阿比康 ® ) (aspirin enteric tablets),
     Yishuning (意舒寧 ®) (nifedipine controlled-release tablets) and Meiluolin (美洛林®) (ticagrelor tablets).


     During the year, the sales of Xuanning and Encun declined due to the impact of VBP, while the sales of Mingfule,
     Yishuning, Daxinning and Meiluolin recorded satisfactory growth.


     •     Xuanning is mainly used for the treatment of hypertension, chronic stable angina and variant angina, and is
           a product in the NRDL and essential drug list. Following the inclusion of other levamlodipine products on the
           market in the eighth batch of national VBP in 2023, the sales of Xuanning in public hospital channel have been
           affected to a certain extent. Leveraging the leading brand name, the Group will adopt all-channel promotion
           strategy, deepen the expansion into lower-tier and private markets, and enhance promotion in retail markets
           and online sales channel to ensure the steady development of the product.


     •     Mingfule is a third-generation thrombolytic drug with proprietary intellectual property mainly used for the
           thrombolysis treatment in patients with acute myocardial infarction within 6 hours of onset. It is a preferred
           thrombolytic drug recommended by authoritative guidelines and consensuses, including the Guidelines for
           the Rational Medication for Thrombolytic Treatment of Acute ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction (2nd
           Edition), Chinese Expert Consensus on Microcirculation Protection Strategies for Emergency PCI in Patients
           with ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction, and Chinese Expert Consensus on Prehospital Thrombolytic
           Therapy for ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction. In February 2024, Mingfule obtained marketing
           approval as a thrombolytic therapy for the treatment of patients with acute ischemic stroke, and was included
           in the Chinese Cerebrovascular Disease Clinical Management Guidelines 2023 and Chinese Guideline of
           Endovascular Treatment for Acute Ischemic Stroke 2023, which has created a larger market potential.


     Respiratory
     Major products include Yiluoda (伊絡達®) (nintedanib capsules), Qixin (琦昕®) (oseltamivir phosphate capsules), Qixiao
     (琦效 ®) (arbidol hydrochloride tablets), Nuoyian (諾一安 ®) (montelukast sodium tablets/chewable tablets), Zhongnuo
     Like (中諾立克 ® ) (ambroxol hydrochloride oral solution) and Zhongnuoping (中諾平 ® ) (ambroxol hydrochloride
     extended-release tablets).




12   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



During the year, benefiting from effective promotion strategies and booming demand, the sales of Yiluoda, Qixin,
Qixiao and Nuoyian increased significantly as compared to the previous year.


•      Yiluoda is the first-to-market generic nintedanib drug in China, which is indicated for the treatment of systemic
       sclerosis-associated interstitial lung disease (SSc-ILD) and progressive fibrosing interstitial lung diseases (PF-
       ILD). The product has achieved continuous rapid sales growth since its launch in 2022. In January 2024, the
       indication of nintedanib esilate soft capsules for the treatment of progressive pulmonary fibrosis (PPF) was
       included into the NRDL. This is the third indication of the drug being included in the NRDL (after idiopathic
       pulmonary fibrosis and systemic sclerosis-related interstitial lung disease), further improving the product’s
       accessibility.


•      Qixin is the preferred drug for the prevention and treatment of influenza, and a product in the NRDL and
       essential drug list. The product achieved rapid sales growth after being selected in the seventh batch of
       national VBP in July 2022.


Digestion and metabolism
Major products include Linmeixin (林美欣 ® ) (glimepiride dispersible tablets), Shuanglexin (雙樂欣 ® ) (metformin
hydrochloride tablets/extended-release tablets), Xinweiping (欣維平 ® ) (acarbose tablets), Oubeituo (歐倍妥 ® )
(esomeprazole capsules) and Debixin (得必欣®) (omeprazole capsules/tablets/injection).


During the year, Oubeituo and Shuanglexin saw rapid sales growth, while the sales of Linmeixin and Xinweiping
declined due to the impact of VBP.


Other therapeutic areas
Major products include Oubida (歐必達 ® ) (apremilast tablets), Gujie (固杰 ® ) (tofacitinib citrate extended-release
tablets), Gubang (固邦 ® ) (alendronate sodium tablets/enteric tablets), Xianpai (先派 ® ) (omeprazole sodium for
injection) and Qimaite (奇邁特 ®) (tramadol hydrochloride tablets).


Bulk Product Business
Vitamin C
In 2023, sales amounted to RMB1,929 million. Despite sales volume remaining stable during the year, sales
decreased by 23.7% as compared to the previous year due to the impact of weakening product prices. The Group
will focus on product quality and expand into the high-end market in order to achieve competitive differentiation.
Meanwhile, the Group will also actively develop overseas sales networks and establish overseas offices to further
increase its market share.


Antibiotics
In 2023, sales amounted to RMB1,712 million, representing an increase of 13.9%, which was mainly driven by the
increase in the sales volume of azithromycin and other products. The Group will adopt a market-oriented approach,
continue to enhance its product chain and optimise its sales, production, quality and registration in order to enhance
its ability to expand into the high-end market.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023     13
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Functional Food and Other Businesses
     In 2023, sales amounted to RMB2,172 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 8.9%. During the year,
     despite moderate growth in volume, caffeine products recorded a decrease in sales as driven by a decline in selling
     price. The sales of Guoweikang (果維康®) (vitamin C health supplement product) also slightly declined. The Group will
     leverage the development and application of new technology and other measures, and optimise its product mix to
     continue to enhance its competitiveness.


     Research and Development
     The Group firmly believes that innovative R&D is the most important driver for future development and continues
     to increase its investment in R&D. In 2023, R&D expenses amounted to RMB4,830 million (charged to the income
     statement), representing a year-on-year increase of 21.2% and accounting for approximately 18.8% of the revenue
     from the finished drug business. Currently, more than 60 key drug candidates have entered clinical trial or registration
     stage, of which 7 candidates have filed marketing approval application and 18 candidates have entered pivotal
     clinical trial stage.


     Regulatory Updates
     Since the beginning of 2023, 4 innovative drugs (including new indication) and 1 special preparation have obtained
     marketing approval, 5 marketing applications for innovative drug/special preparation have been accepted, 17
     innovative drug candidates have obtained clinical trial approval for their first indication, 24 additional indications have
     obtained clinical trial approval, 8 generic drugs have obtained registration approvals and 1 Breakthrough Therapy
     Designation have been obtained in China. In North America, 2 marketing applications for innovative drugs/special
     preparations have been accepted, 5 innovative drug candidates have obtained clinical trial approval for their first
     indication and 1 Fast Track Designation has been obtained.


     China
     •       In March 2023, the SARS-CoV-2 mRNA vaccine (brand name: Duentai (度恩泰 ® )) containing BA.5 key
             mutations independently developed by the Group was included for emergency use in China for the prevention
             of COVID-19 caused by the infection of SARS-CoV-2, becoming the first mRNA vaccine launched in China.


     •       In September 2023, Class 1 new biological drug Narlumosbart for Injection (JMT103) (brand name: Jinlitai (津
             立泰 ®)) for the treatment of giant cell tumor of bone that is unresectable or where surgical resection is likely
             to result in severe morbidity obtained marketing approval. The product is the first IgG4 subtype fully human
             monoclonal antibody against RANKL obtaining marketing approval worldwide.


     •       In September 2023, Irinotecan Hydrochloride Liposome Injection (brand name: Duoenyi (多恩益®)), being used
             in combination with 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) and leucovorin (LV), for the treatment of patients with metastatic
             pancreatic cancer that has progressed after receiving gemcitabine treatment obtained marketing approval.


     •       In December 2023, the bivalent COVID-19 mRNA vaccine (XBB.1.5 +BQ.1) (SYS6006.32) independently
             developed by the Group was included for emergency use in China. It has broad-spectrum cross-immunity
             against current and possible future circulating variants.




14   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



•    In February 2024, Mingfule® (recombinant human TNK tissue-type plasminogen activator for injection) (rhTNK-
     tPA) obtained marketing approval for the thrombolytic treatment in patients with acute ischemic stroke. It is
     the first approval for this indication of this product type in China, and the second approved indication of the
     product.


•    In March 2023, the application for marketing approval for Enlonstobart for Injection (recombinant fully human
     anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody) (SG001) for the treatment of recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer patients
     with positive PD-L1 expression who have failed at least first-line platinum-based chemotherapy was accepted
     with eligibility for conditional approval pathway.


•    In March 2023, the application for marketing approval for Amphotericin B Liposome for Injection for the
     treatment of invasive fungal infection was accepted.


•    In April 2023, the application for marketing approval for Class 1 new chemical drug Prusogliptin Tablets
     (DBPR108) for the treatment of type 2 diabetes was accepted.


•    In June 2023, the application for marketing approval for Omalizumab for Injection for the treatment of chronic
     spontaneous urticaria was accepted.


•    In December 2023, the application for marketing approval for the indication of Meloxicam Nanocrystal
     Injection for the treatment of moderate-to-severe pain in adults (used alone or in combination with analgesics
     other than nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs) was accepted.


•    In November 2023, KN026 (recombinant humanized anti-HER2 bispecific antibody for injection) for the
     indication of combination chemotherapy for the treatment of HER-2 positive locally advanced, recurrent or
     metastatic gastric cancer (including gastroesophageal junction cancer) which has failed standard first-line
     treatment (trastuzumab combination chemotherapy) was granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023     15
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     •     17 innovative drug candidates have obtained clinical trial approval for their first indication and 24 additional
           indications have obtained clinical trial approval:


           First Indication
            Drug Candidate                                             Indication
            SYH2045 (PRMT5 inhibitor)                                  Advanced malignant tumors
            Meloxicam nanocrystal injection                            Moderate-to-severe pain in adults
            Clevidipine injectable emulsion                            Hypertension
            Octreotide long-acting injection                           Acromegaly
            NBL-020 (TNFR2 monoclonal antibody)                        Advanced solid tumors
            SYS6010 (ADC)                                              Advanced solid tumors
            SYH2051 (ATM inhibitor)                                    Solid tumors
            JMT203 (GFRAL monoclonal antibody)                         Tumor cachexia
            Semaglutide injection                                      Type 2 diabetes
            NBL-028 (CLDN6-CD137 bispecific antibody)                  Advanced tumors
            SYS6006.32 (bivalent COVID-19 mRNA vaccine)                Prevention of COVID-19
            Secukinumab injection (IL-17A)                             Moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis
            Dextromethorphan hydrobromide and quinidine sulphate Pseudobulbar palsy
            tablets
            SYH2038 (SOS1)                                             Advanced malignant tumors
            SYH2053 injection (PCSK9 siRNA)                            Primary hypercholesterolaemia or mixed
                                                                       dyslipidaemia in adults
            SYS6011 (CD73 inhibitor)                                   Advanced solid tumors
            Dexmedetomidine hydrochloride nasal spray                  Sedation before invasive procedures




16   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



     Additional Indication
     Drug Candidate                               Indication

     KN026 for injection                          In combination with docetaxel (albumin-bound) for
                                                  the treatment of first-line HER2-positive recurrent
                                                  and metastatic breast cancer
     Docetaxel for injection (albumin-bound)      In combination with SG001 (PD-1) for the
                                                  perioperative treatment of non-small cell lung
                                                  cancer
     Docetaxel for injection (albumin-bound)      In combination with SG001 (PD-1) and cisplatin
                                                  with concomitant radiotherapy for the treatment of
                                                  locally advanced esophageal cancer
     Docetaxel for injection (albumin-bound)      In combination with cisplatin with concomitant
                                                  radiotherapy and in sequential combination
                                                  with SGO01 (PD-1) for the treatment of locally
                                                  advanced non-small cell lung cancer
     Docetaxel for injection (albumin-bound)      In combination with cisplatin with concomitant
                                                  radiotherapy for the treatment of locally advanced
                                                  unresectable non-small cell lung cancer
     Docetaxel for injection (albumin-bound)      Neoadjuvant therapy for luminal breast cancer
     SYH2055 tablets                              Prevention of COVID-19
     Enlonstobart for injection (SG001)           In combination with chemotherapy for first-line
                                                  cervical cancer
     Paclitaxel cationic liposome for injection   Arterial perfusion therapy in patients with
                                                  advanced solid tumors who have failed standard
                                                  treatment
     Simmitinib tablets                           In combination with SG001 (PD-1) for the
                                                  treatment of solid tumors
     Simmitinib tablets                           In combination with irinotecan liposome for the
                                                  treatment of second-line and above esophageal
                                                  cancer
     JMT101 injection                             In combination with SG001 and irinotecan for
                                                  treatment of colorectal cancer
     ALMB-0166 injection                          Acute ischemic stroke
     Batoclimab                                   Proliferative lupus nephritis
     CM310 injection                              Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
     CM326 injection                              Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
     JMT601 for injection                         In combination with different regimens – CD20-
                                                  positive diffuse large B-cell lymphoma
     SYHX1901 tablets                             Vitiligo
     SYHX1901 tablets                             Alopecia areata
     Octreotide long-acting injection             Gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumors




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023    17
     Management Discussion and Analysis




            Drug Candidate                                             Indication

            Sirolimus for injection (albumin-bound)                    In combination with endocrine therapy for second-
                                                                       line and above HR-positive HER2-negative
                                                                       advanced breast cancer
            Cisplatin micelle injection                                In combination with paclitaxel for the treatment of
                                                                       advanced solid tumors
            JMT101 for injection                                       In combination with docetaxel (albumin-bound) for
                                                                       the treatment of second-line squamous cell non-
                                                                       small cell lung cancer
            SYSA1801 for injection                                     In combination with SG001 and CAPOX for
                                                                       the first-line treatment of CLDN18.2-positive,
                                                                       HER2-negative unresectable locally advanced or
                                                                       metastatic gastric or gastroesophageal junction
                                                                       adenocarcinoma

           •      Since the beginning of 2023, 8 generic drugs have obtained drug registration approvals, namely
                  Apremilast Tablets, Mirabegron Extended-release Tablets, Paliperidone Extended-release Tablets,
                  Tedizolid Phosphate for Injection, Rabeprazole Sodium Enteric-coated Tablets, Lenvatinib Mesilate
                  Capsules, Desvenlafaxine Succinate Extended-release Tablets and Sacubitril Valsartan Sodium Tablets.
                  Desvenlafaxine Succinate Extended-release Tablets, a first-to-market generic drug, has enriched the
                  Group’s product pipeline in psychiatry and neurology. It was successfully included into the NRDL in
                  December 2023 through negotiation.


     North America
     •     In January 2023, NBL-020 for injection (fully human monoclonal antibody targeting TNFR2) obtained clinical
           trial approval in the US.


     •     In March 2023, CPO301 for injection (ADC) obtained clinical trial approval in the US.


     •     In June 2023, CPO301 for injection (ADC) obtained clinical trial approval in Canada.


     •     In August 2023, NBL-028 for injection (Claudin-6/CD137 bispecific antibody) obtained clinical trial approval in
           the US.


     •     In August 2023, CPO301 for injection (ADC) obtained Fast Track Designation for the treatment of EFGR-
           mutated non-small cell lung cancer that is resistant to the third-generation TKI osimertinib in the US.




18   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



•     In November 2023, the Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA) for Amphotericin B Liposome for Injection
      was filed successfully with the US FDA.


•     In December 2023, the New Drug Application (NDA) for Irinotecan Liposome Injection was successfully filed
      with the US FDA.


•     In January 2024, JMT106 Injection (bispecific fusion protein targeting GPC3 and interferon receptors) obtained
      clinical trial approval in the US.


Major Clinical Trials Progress
Trastuzumab injection
•     In January 2023, the first patient was dosed in a phase III clinical study of the combination of trastuzumab and
      docetaxel for the neoadjuvant treatment of early or locally advanced HER2-positive breast cancer in China.
      The study is currently in the enrollment stage.


Docetaxel for injection (albumin-bound)
•     In February 2024, the first phase III clinical study comparing to Taxotere ® for the treatment of locally advanced
      or metastatic gastric adenocarcinoma or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma that has failed previous
      first-line treatments was initiated in China. The study is currently in the enrollment stage.


Duoenda (Mitoxantrone hydrochloride liposome injection)
•     In March 2023, the first patient was dosed in a phase III clinical study for the treatment of patients with
      recurrent metastatic nasopharyngeal carcinoma who have failed platinum-based therapy in China. The study
      is currently in the enrollment stage.


CM310 (IL-4Rα antibody)
•     In March 2023, a phase II/III clinical study for the treatment of moderate-to-severe asthma was initiated in
      China. The first patient was dosed in April 2023. The study is currently in the enrollment stage.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023   19
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     SYHX2011 (Paclitaxel for injection (albumin-bound) II)
     •     In April 2023, the first patient was dosed in a phase III clinical study of SYHX2011 comparing to paclitaxel for
           injection (albumin-bound) for the treatment of advanced breast cancer in China. Enrollment was completed in
           March 2024.


     Ustekinumab injection
     •     In April 2023, the first patient was dosed in a phase III clinical study of ustekinumab injection comparing to the
           originator drug for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis in China. Enrollment was completed
           in August 2023.


     TG103 injection (GLP-1 receptor agonists)
     •     In November 2023, the first patient was dosed in a phase III clinical study for weight loss in China. Enrollment
           was completed in January 2024.


     Semaglutide injection
     •     In February 2024, the first phase III clinical study for the treatment of type 2 diabetes was initiated in China.
           The study is currently in the enrollment stage.


     Clevidipine injectable emulsion
     •     In April 2023, the first patient was dosed in a phase III clinical study for the treatment of hypertensive
           emergencies in China. Enrollment was completed in March 2024.


     Enlonstobart for injection (recombinant fully human anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody) (SG001)
     •     In February 2023, the first patient was dosed in a phase III clinical study for the first-line treatment of PD-L1-
           positive advanced cervical cancer in China. The study is currently in the enrollment stage.


     DP303c (recombinant humanized anti-HER2 monoclonal antibody–MMAE conjugate for injection)
     •     In November 2023, a phase II clinical study for the treatment of third-line and above HER2-positive breast
           cancer in China met its predefined endpoint.


     JMT101 (recombinant humanized anti-epidermal growth factor receptor monoclonal antibody for
     injection)
     •     In January 2024, a phase II clinical study for the treatment of second-line and above EGFR exon 20 insertion
           mutations in non-small cell lung cancer in China met its predefined endpoint.




20   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Publication of Major Clinical Trial Results
Mingfule (recombinant human TNK tissue-type plasminogen activator for injection)
•     In February 2023, the results of a phase III clinical trial study (TRACE-2) for the treatment of acute ischemic
      stroke were published in The Lancet (IF: 202.731), an international medical journal, demonstrating that
      Mingfule is non-inferior to alteplase in efficacy and has a good safety profile. This is the first time that the
      registration trial of a Chinese neurological and cerebrovascular drug was published in a top international
      journal, marking a major breakthrough in the treatment of cerebral infarction in China.


•     In April 2023, the National Clinical Guideline for Stroke for the UK and Ireland (2023 Edition) cited the clinical
      study results of TRACE-2 as an important reference for updating thrombolytic treatment in the acute phase
      of ischemic stroke, which heralds the influence of clinical research independently designed in China on
      thrombolytic drugs locally developed in China on international diagnosis and treatment standards.


JMT101 (recombinant humanized anti-epidermal growth factor receptor monoclonal antibody for
injection)
•     In June 2023, the results of a phase Ib clinical study on EGFR resistance mutations in lung cancer were
      published in the international journal Nature Communications (IF: 17.69), demonstrating that JMT101 in
      combination with osimertinib has good efficacy and a good safety profile for the treatment of EGFR 20ins non-
      small cell lung cancer.


•     In March 2024, the results of a phase II clinical trial (BECOME) of JMT101 in combination with osimertinib for
      the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer carrying EGFR exon
      20 insertion mutations were orally presented at the European Lung Cancer Congress 2024 (2024 ELCC),
      demonstrating the high potential efficacy of JMT101 in combination with osimertinib in patients with non-small
      cell lung cancer with EGFR exon 20 insertion mutations, and that the overall safety is controllable.


Duentai (SARS-CoV-2 mRNA vaccine)
•     From November 2023 to February 2024, multiple clinical study results of the first-generation COVID-19
      mRNA vaccine were published in Human Vaccines & Immunotherapeutics and other international journals,
      demonstrating that the vaccine has good protective efficacy and immunogenicity as well as a good safety
      profile, and that it has a certain protective effect against XBB mutant strains.


•     In March 2024, the results of a phase I clinical study of the bivalent COVID-19 mRNA vaccine (XBB.1.5/BQ.1)
      (SYS6006.32) were published in the international journal Vaccine, demonstrating that the vaccine has a good
      safety profile and good immunogenicity, and can produce cross-immunity against multiple mutant strains.


Ouyuexin (desvenlafaxine succinate extended-release tablets)
•     In February 2023, the results of a phase III clinical study for the treatment of depression were published in the
      international journal Journal of Affective Disorders, demonstrating that Ouyuexin can comprehensively improve
      symptoms of depression, anxiety and pain, its efficacy is non-inferior to the active control drug Duloxetine
      Hydrochloride Enteric Capsules, and its overall safety profile is good.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023     21
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     TG103 injection (GLP-1 receptor agonists)
     •     In April 2023, the results of a phase Ia study initiated in healthy subjects in China were published in the
           international journal European Journal of Pharmaceutical Science, demonstrating the safety and tolerance of
           TG103.


     SYSA1801 (CLDN18.2 ADC)
     •     In June 2023, the results of a phase I clinical study for the treatment of advanced malignant solid tumors
           with CLDN18.2 expression were presented during a poster session at the 2023 American Society of Clinical
           Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting. Preliminary results indicate that SYSA1801 demonstrates promising anti-
           tumor efficacy in treating advanced malignant solid tumors with CLDN18.2 expression, especially in gastric
           cancer.


     ALMB-0168 (Cx43 hemichannel antibody agonist)
     •     In June 2023, the clinical data in a phase I dose-escalation trial for the treatment of osteosarcoma were
           presented during a poster session at the 2023 ASCO Annual Meeting. Preliminary results indicate that ALMB-
           0168 demonstrates encouraging efficacy and tolerable safety in patients with metastatic or unresectable
           osteosarcoma after receiving standard chemotherapy.


     SYS6002 (Anti-Nectin-4 monoclonal antibody–drug conjugate for injection)
     •     In January 2024, the results of a phase I clinical study for the treatment of advanced solid tumors were
           presented at the 2024 ASCO-GU Conference (No. B622). Preliminary results indicate that SYS6002
           demonstrates clear efficacy signals and good tolerability in advanced solid tumors such as cervical cancer
           and urothelial cancer.


     SYHA1813 (VEGFR/CSF1R inhibitor)
     •     In October 2023, the results of a phase I clinical study for treating patients with recurrent or advanced solid
           tumors were orally presented at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) Congress 2023 (No.
           506MO). The preliminary results indicate that SYHA1813 demonstrates an encouraging objective response
           and good tolerability in subjects with recurrent meningioma.


     Prusogliptin Tablets (DBPR108)
     •     In January 2024, the results of a phase III clinical study of the monotherapy for the treatment of diabetes
           were published in the international journal Diabetes, Obesity & Metabolism. The results demonstrate that the
           hypoglycemic efficacy of DBPR108 tablets is significantly better than that of the placebo group and non-
           inferior to the active group of sitagliptin phosphate tablets. In addition, the safety profile of DBPR108 tablets is
           similar to that of the placebo group and that of the active group of sitagliptin phosphate tablets.




22   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Clinical Pipeline Overview
Registration and Pivotal Trial Stage
Drug candidate                      Type               Target                   Indication              Status

Enlonstobart (SG001)                Biological drug    PD-1                     Cervical cancer         Submission
                                    (monoclonal                                                         of marketing
                                    antibody)                                                           application
Prusogliptin tablets (DBPR108)      Chemical drug      DPP-4 inhibitor          Type 2 diabetes         Submission
                                                                                                        of marketing
                                                                                                        application
Recombinant anti-IgE monoclonal     Biological drug    IgE                      Chronic spontaneous Submission
antibody for injection              (monoclonal                                 urticaria           of marketing
                                    antibody)                                                       application
Meloxicam nanocrystal injection     Nanodrug           COX-2                    Moderate-to-severe      Submission
                                                                                pain in adults          of marketing
                                                                                                        application
Amphotericin B liposome for         Nanodrug           Anti-infective,          Invasive fungal         Submission
injection                                              nonspecific drug         infection               of marketing
                                                                                                        application
Batoclimab (HBM9161)                Biological drug    FcRn                     Myasthenia gravis       Pivotal trial
                                    (monoclonal
                                    antibody)
Recombinant humanized anti-         Biological drugs   HER2 ADC                 Breast cancer           Pivotal trial
HER2 monoclonal antibody–MMAE       (ADC)
conjugate for injection (DP303c)
(SYSA1501 for injection)
Recombinant humanized anti-         Biological drug    EGFR                     Non-small cell lung     Pivotal trial
epidermal growth factor receptor    (monoclonal                                 cancer
monoclonal antibody for injection   antibody)
(JMT101)
KN026 for injection                 Biological drug    HER2 bispecific antibody Gastric cancer          Pivotal trial
                                    (bispecific
                                    antibody)
KN026 for injection                 Biological drug    HER2 bispecific antibody Breast cancer           Pivotal trial
                                    (bispecific
                                    antibody)
Pertuzumab for injection            Biological drug    HER2                     Breast cancer           Pivotal trial
                                    (monoclonal
                                    antibody)
TG103 injection                     Biological drug    GLP1-Fc                  Weight loss             Pivotal trial
                                    (monoclonal
                                    antibody)




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023   23
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     Drug candidate                      Type              Target                   Indication           Status

     TG103 injection                     Biological drug   GLP1-Fc                  Diabetes             Pivotal trial
                                         (monoclonal
                                         antibody)
     CM310 for injection                 Biological drug   IL-4Rα                   Asthma               Pivotal trial
                                         (monoclonal
                                         antibody)
     Ustekinumab injection (SYSA1902)    Biological drug   IL-12, IL-23             Psoriasis            Pivotal trial
                                         (monoclonal
                                         antibody)
     Clevidipine injectable emulsion     Nanodrug          Calcium channel blocker Hypertension          Pivotal trial
     SYHX2011                            Nanodrug          Microtubule inhibitor    Breast cancer        Pivotal trial
     Daunorubicin cytarabine liposome    Nanodrug          DNA polymerase inhibitor Leukemia             Pivotal trial
     for injection
     Docetaxel for injection             Nanodrug          Microtubule inhibitor    Gastric cancer       Pivotal trial
     (albumin-bound)
     Docetaxel for injection             Nanodrug          Microtubule inhibitor    Pancreatic cancer    Pivotal trial
     (albumin-bound)
     Semaglutide injection               Chemical drug     GLP-1 receptor agonist   Diabetes             Pivotal trial
     Mitoxantrone hydrochloride          Nanodrug          Cell-cycle nonspecific   Nasopharyngeal       Pivotal trial
     liposome injection                                    drug                     cancer
     Narlumosbart for injection          Biological drug   RANKL                    Bone metastasis      Pivotal trial
     (recombinant fully human anti-      (monoclonal                                of malignant solid
     RANKL monoclonal antibody for       antibody)                                  tumors
     injection) (JMT103)




24   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Other products in clinical stage
Drug candidate                                                        Type                           Therapeutic
                                                                                                     area
Ammuxetine hydrochloride enteric tablets                              Chemical drug                  Psychiatry
ALMB0166 for injection                                                Biological drug (monoclonal    Central nervous
                                                                      antibody)                      system
SYHA1402 tablets, SYHA1805 tablets, SYH2053 injection                 Chemical drug                  Metabolism
Octreotide long-acting injection                                      Chemical drug                  Endocrine
SYHX1901 tablets                                                      Chemical drug                  Immunity
CM326 for injection, NBL-012 for injection (China and US),            Biological drug (monoclonal    Immunity
Secukinumab injection                                                 antibody)
Prostaglandin liposome for injection                                  Nanodrug                       Cardiovascular
Simmitinib hydrochloride tablets, SYHA1801 capsules,                  Chemical drug                  Oncology
SYHA1803 capsules, SYHA1807 capsules, SYHA1811 tablets,
SYHA1813 oral liquid, SYHA1815 tablets, SYHX1903 tablets,
SYHX2001 tablets, SYHX2005 tablets, SYHX2009 tablets,
SYHX2043 tablets, SYHX2045 tablets, SYH2051 tablets
ALMB0168 for injection, NBL-015 for injection (China and US),         Biological drug (monoclonal    Oncology
NBL-020 for injection (China and US), JMT203, SYS6011 for             antibody)
injection, NBL-028 for injection (China and US)
JMT601 for injection (China and US)                                   Biological drug (bispecific    Oncology
                                                                      antibody)
SYS6002 for injection, SYSA1801 for injection, SYS6010 (ADC)          Biological drug (ADC)          Oncology
(China and US)
Paclitaxel cationic liposome for injection, sirolimus for injection   Nanodrug                       Oncology
(albumin-bound), SYHA1908 for injection, cisplatin micelle
injection




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023   25
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Awards and Patents
     •      In March 2023, the integration and reorganisation of the National Key Laboratory for New Pharmaceutical
            Preparations and Excipients of the Group was approved. It is one of the three national key laboratories in
            Hebei Province.


     •      In September 2023, the Group was rated number one in the pharmaceutical industry in the evaluation results
            of the 2022 National Enterprise Technology Center.


     •      In September 2023, the National Nano Intelligent Manufacturing Industry Innovation Center co-established by
            the Group obtained approval, becoming the only one in the nanofield and the tenth national-level industrial
            innovation center approved.


     •      In October 2023, the Group was rated by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology as a key
            company in the pharmaceutical industry chain responsible for the two key tasks of complex injectables and
            nucleic acid drugs.


     •      During the year, 27 international PCT applications and 238 patent applications (143 domestic and 95
            overseas) were filed, and 81 patents (38 domestic and 43 overseas) were granted.


     The Group is expected to file marketing approval application for more than 50 innovative and new-formulation
     drugs, and to launch over 60 generic drugs within the next five years. Leveraging the Group’s superior technology
     platforms, it has been actively engaging in product and indication planning. Our nanotechnology platform focuses
     on technologies such as liposomes, nanoemulsions, nanocrystals and albumin with more than 30 products under
     development, including daunorubicin cytarabine liposome for injection, docetaxel for injection (albumin-bound),
     meloxicannarine crystals, clevidipine injectable emulsion and paclitaxel cationic liposome for injection, covering
     therapeutic areas of anti-tumor, cardiovascular and analgesia. Our mRNA technology platform focuses on expansion
     in (i) the field of infectious diseases, with the ongoing development of new preventive mRNA vaccines against
     infectious pathogens; (ii) the field of anti-tumor, with the development of therapeutic tumor vaccines, including HPV
     and EBV vaccines; and (iii) the applications of cell therapy, such as CAR-T cell therapy based on LNP transfection.
     Our small nucleic acid platform has been deeply engaged in the field of metabolic chronic diseases, with PCSK9
     siRNA products already in clinical trials, as well as a number of preclinical small nucleic acid products under rapid
     development. Our R&D in small molecule drugs focuses on building PROTAC, LYTAC and AI-based screening
     platforms. In addition, several advanced technology platforms, including the monoclonal antibody platform, bispecific
     antibody platform and ADC platform, have rich product pipelines in many fields including anti-tumor, respiratory and
     autoimmune, and psychiatric and neurological, thus providing strong support to the Group’s high-quality growth in
     the future.




26   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Business Development
While continuing to enhance in-house innovation and R&D capabilities, the Group is also driving forward its business
development efforts. We will seek to further strengthen our product pipelines and create new growth drivers through
cooperation with biotech companies having high-quality drug candidates. In addition, we will actively promote
internationalisation of the business by out-licensing the Group’s innovative products.


In-Licensing
•      In March 2023, Haiyitan (glumetinib tablets), an oral, potent, highly-selective MET tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI)
       and Class 1 new chemical drug, received conditional approval for marketing in China. It was also successfully
       included in the NRDL through price negotiation in December of the same year. The Group has obtained the
       commercialisation rights to promote the product in Greater China (including Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan)
       through a licencing.


•      In June 2023, the Group and Pfizer signed a strategic partnership agreement to launch a local brand of the
       COVID-19 oral antiviral therapeutic treatment Nirmatrelvir/Ritonavir in China.


Out-Licensing
•      In January 2023, the Group entered into an exclusive licence agreement with Corbus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
       in the U.S. to out-license the development and commercialisation rights of the Group’s SYS6002 (Nectin-4
       ADC) in the US, EU countries, the UK, Canada, Australia, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway and Switzerland.
       The Group will receive upfront payments of US$7.5 million and is also entitled to receive up to US$130 million
       in potential development and regulatory milestone payments and up to US$555 million in potential sales
       milestone payments, as well as tiered sales royalties.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023      27
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Financial Review
     Financial Results
     Revenue and Gross Profit Margin
     Revenue for the year amounted to RMB31,450 million, an increase of 1.7% compared to RMB30,937 million in 2022.
     The increase was mainly due to the growth in the finished drug business. Gross profit margin for the year decreased
     by 1.4 percentage point to 70.5%, which was mainly attributable to the change in revenue mix and decline in selling
     prices of vitamin C products.


     Other Income
     Other income for the year amounted to RMB626 million (2022: RMB604 million), mainly consisting of interest income
     of RMB260 million (2022: RMB243 million) and government grant income of RMB216 million (2022: RMB195 million).


     Other gains or losses, net
     A net loss of RMB105 million was recorded for the year (2022: net gain of RMB291 million), mainly consisting of fair
     value loss on financial assets measured at FVTPL of RMB211 million (2022: gain of RMB101 million) and net foreign
     exchange gain of RMB103 million (2022: net gain of RMB118 million).


     Operating Expenses
     Selling and distribution expenses for the year amounted to RMB9,141 million, a decrease of 11.6% compared to
     RMB10,337 million in 2022. During the year, the Group continued to expand the market coverage of each product
     and to actively promote the newly launched products. With strengthened control over expenses and enhanced
     efficiency of marketing activities, a lower expense ratio was achieved.


     Administrative expenses for the year amounted to RMB1,190 million, an increase of 1.4% compared to RMB1,173
     million in 2022. The expense ratio remained stable.


     R&D expenses for the year amounted to RMB4,830 million, an increase of 21.2% compared to RMB3,987 million in
     2022. The increase was primarily attributable to the increased spending on ongoing and newly initiated clinical trials.


     Income tax expense
     Income tax expenses for the year amounted to RMB1,317 million (2022: RMB1,350 million), which represented
     provision of income tax expense based on the taxable income of each subsidiary and PRC withholding tax on
     dividend distributions by certain subsidiaries. The effective tax rate, being the ratio of tax expenses to pre-tax profit
     for the year, was 17.8%, which remained at the same level as that in 2022.




28   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Management Discussion and Analysis



Non-HKFRS Measure
For the purpose of assessing the performance of the Group, the Company has also presented the underlying
profit attributable to shareholders as an additional financial measure, which is not required by, or presented in
accordance with the Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”). The Group believes that this non-HKFRS
financial measure better reflects the underlying operational performance of the Group by eliminating certain non-
operating items which the Group does not consider indicative of the Group’s operational performance. However, the
presentation of this non-HKFRS financial measure is not intended to be a substitute for, or superior to, the financial
information prepared and presented in accordance with HKFRS.


Additional information is provided below to reconcile the profit attributable to shareholders as reported and the
underlying profit attributable to shareholders:


                                                                                            2023                     2022
                                                                                     (RMB’000)                 (RMB’000)



Profit attributable to shareholders                                                   5,873,325                6,091,390
Adjustment for:
– Fair value loss (gain) on financial assets measured at FVTPL (note a)                 210,712                 (100,905)
– Employee share-based compensation expense (note b)                                    235,092                  160,726
– Gains on deemed disposal of partial interests in an associate
   and a joint venture                                                                  (32,861)                  (48,065)
– Effect of corresponding income tax                                                    (11,015)                    2,579
Underlying profit attributable to shareholders                                        6,275,253                6,105,725


Notes:


(a)      Fair value changes on financial assets measured at FVTPL arises from the measurement of the Group’s investments in
         certain partnerships, funds and listed equity securities at fair value.


(b)      Out of the total employee share-based compensation expense recognised during the year, RMB193,952,000 (2022:
         RMB149,780,000) was in respect of share awards granted to selected employees of the Group by Key Honesty Limited (a
         shareholder of the Company).




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023      29
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Liquidity and Financial Position
     In 2023, the Group’s operating activities generated a cash inflow of RMB4,179 million (2022: RMB7,627 million).
     Turnover days of trade receivables (ratio of balance of trade receivables to sales, inclusive of value added tax
     for sales in China) were 63 days, higher than 44 days in 2022. This was mainly due to the slower settlement by
     customers during the year, but which was still within the normal credit period. The Group will strengthen its control
     and management in this aspect. Turnover days of inventories (ratio of balance of inventories to cost of sales) were
     124 days, higher than 107 days in 2022. Current ratio was 2.6 as of 31 December 2023, slightly lower than the ratio
     of 2.7 in the previous year. Capital expenditure for the year amounted to RMB1,863 million, which was mainly used
     to construct production facilities and improve production efficiency.


     The Group’s financial position remained solid. As of 31 December 2023, the Group had bank deposits, balances
     and cash of RMB12,755 million (2022: RMB10,498 million), structured bank deposits of RMB1,077 million (2022:
     RMB3,575 million) and bank borrowings of RMB450 million (2022: RMB182 million). As of 31 December 2023,
     gearing ratio (ratio of bank borrowings to total equity) was 1.3% (2022: 0.6%).


     The Group’s sales are primarily denominated in Renminbi for domestic sales in China and US dollars for export sales.
     The Group manages its foreign exchange risks by closely monitoring its foreign exchange exposures and mitigating
     the impact of foreign currency fluctuations by using appropriate hedging arrangements when considered necessary.


     Pledge of Assets
     As of 31 December 2023, properties with a carrying amount of RMB71 million and bank deposits of RMB17 million
     were pledged to secure banking facilities granted to the Group.


     Contingent Liabilities
     The Group did not have any material contingent liabilities as of 31 December 2023.


     Employees
     The Group employed a total of approximately 23,500 employees as of 31 December 2023, with a majority of them
     employed in mainland China. The Group continues to offer competitive remuneration packages, discretionary share
     options, share awards and bonuses to eligible staff, based on the performance of the Group and the individual
     employee.


     In order to retain and motivate employees for the Group’s continual operation and development, Key Honesty
     Limited, a shareholder of the Company which is wholly-owned by Mr. Cai Dongchen, Chairman of the Board, granted
     conditional share awards to selected employees of the Group during 2022 in respect of the existing issued shares of
     the Company held by Key Honesty Limited.




30   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report

Corporate Governance Practices
The Board believes that good corporate governance practices are essential to the sustainable development of the
Company and the enhancement of shareholders’ value. The Company is committed to achieving high standard of
corporate governance and will review its corporate governance practices from time to time to ensure they reflect the
latest development and meet the expectations of the investors.


The Company has complied with all the code provisions in the Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”) set out in
Appendix C1 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
“Listing Rules”) throughout the year ended 31 December 2023.


Board of Directors
As at the date of this report, the Board comprises nine executive directors and six independent non-executive
directors. Two of the independent non-executive directors have the appropriate professional accounting qualification
and experience. The biographical details of the directors are set out on pages 46 to 49 of this annual report. There is
no financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship between Board members.


The Company has complied with Rule 3.10 of the Listing Rules in relation to the requirement of independent non-
executive directors. All independent non-executive directors meet the guidelines for assessing independence set out
in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company has received annual confirmation of independence from each of the
independent non-executive directors and they are considered to be independent.


The Board is responsible for establishing strategic directions, setting objectives and business plans, and overseeing
financial and operational performance. The management of the Company’s subsidiaries are responsible for the day-
to-day management and operation of the respective individual business units.


Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
The Chairman of the Board, Mr. Cai Dongchen, is responsible for providing leadership and guidance to the Board
in formulating and executing business plans and objectives, and overseeing the functioning of the Board. The CEO,
Mr. Zhang Cuilong, assisted by other executive directors, is responsible for managing the businesses of the Group,
formulating and implementing the business plans and objectives. Their functions have been clearly divided to ensure
a balanced distribution of power and authority.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023     31
     Corporate Governance Report



     Board, Board Committee and General Meetings
     The Board meets regularly to review the financial and operating performance of the Group. Four regular Board
     meetings were held at approximately quarterly interval in 2023.


     Attendance record of directors in 2023 is as follows:


                                                                 Adjourned                   Audit Remuneration   Nomination
     Directors                                         AGM           EGM       Board    Committee    Committee    Committee



     Number of Meetings                                      1           2         4            4             2            1


     Executive Directors
     Cai Dongchen                                        1/1           0/2        4/4                                    1/1
     Zhang Cuilong                                       1/1           1/2        4/4
     Wang Zhenguo                                        1/1           0/2        4/4
     Pan Weidong                                         1/1           1/2        4/4
     Wang Huaiyu                                         1/1           1/2        4/4
     Li Chunlei                                          0/1           1/2        4/4
     Wang Qingxi                                         1/1           1/2        4/4
     Chak Kin Man                                        1/1           2/2        4/4
     Jiang Hao                                           1/1           0/2        3/4


     Independent Non-Executive Directors
     Wang Bo                                             1/1           1/2        4/4         4/4           2/2          1/1
     Chen Chuan                                          1/1           1/2        4/4         4/4           2/2          1/1
     Wang Hongguang                                      1/1           1/2        4/4
     Au Chun Kwok Alan                                   1/1           2/2        4/4         4/4           2/2
     Law Cheuk Kin Stephen                               0/1           0/2        3/4
     Li Quan                                             1/1           2/2        4/4


     Non-Executive Directors
     Each of the independent non-executive directors has entered into a service contract with the Company subject to
     the requirement that one-third of all the directors shall retire from office by rotation at each annual general meeting
     pursuant to the Articles of Association of the Company.


     Board Diversity Policy
     The Company has adopted a board diversity policy which sets out the approach to achieve and maintain diversity on
     the Board in order to enhance the effectiveness of the Board. Pursuant to the policy, the Company seeks to achieve
     Board diversity through the consideration of a number of factors, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural
     and education background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service.


     The Board consists of a diverse mix of members in terms of age, gender, skills, expertise and professional
     experience. Currently, the Board has 14 male members and 1 female member. The Company is committed to
     improving the diversity of the Board based on its needs and as and when suitable candidates are identified.

32   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report



As of 31 December 2023, the Group has 23,480 employees in total comprising 11,308 females and 12,172 males (a
female-to-male ratio of 0.93), reflecting a gender equality principle generally adhered by the Company.


During the year under review, the Nomination Committee has considered and reviewed the board diversity policy and
considered that the policy is suitable and effective.


Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee comprises three independent non-executive directors, namely Mr. Au Chun Kwok Alan
(Chairman), Mr. Wang Bo and Mr. Chen Chuan.


The responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee include, but not limited to, making recommendations to the
Board on (i) the policy and structure for the remuneration of directors and senior management; (ii) the establishment
of a formal and transparent procedure for developing remuneration policy; (iii) the remuneration packages of individual
executive directors and senior management having regard to the individual performance and responsibilities, the
Company’s operating results, return to shareholders and comparable market statistics; (iv) the remuneration of non-
executive directors; and (v) reviewing and/or approving matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the
Listing Rules. By providing remuneration at competitive market level, the Company seeks to attract, motivate and
retain key executives essential to its future development and growth.


The Remuneration Committee held two meetings in 2023 to consider and make recommendations to the Board
on the existing policy and structure for the remuneration of directors and senior management, the remuneration
packages of existing directors and the granting of share options to directors.


During the year, the remuneration committee has approved the conditional grant of a total of 50,000,000 share
options to the executive directors of the Company. The committee is of the view that the vesting conditions and
vesting period are appropriate in the circumstances taking into account that the conditional grant of share options is
for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to the executive directors for their continuous contributions to
the growth and development of the Group.


The Group’s business is under the direct responsibility of the executive directors who are the senior management of
the Company. Details of the amount of directors’ emoluments for the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in
note 9 to the consolidated financial statements.


Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee comprises a majority of independent non-executive directors. Its current members
include Mr. Cai Dongchen (Chairman), Mr. Wang Bo and Mr. Chen Chuan.


The responsibilities of the Nomination Committee include, but not limited to, (i) reviewing the structure, size,
and composition (including the skills, knowledge, experience and diversity profile) of the Board and making
recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategy; (ii)
identifying suitable director candidates and selecting or making recommendation to the Board on the selection of
individuals nominated for directorships; (iii) assessing the independence of independent non-executive directors; and
(iv) reviewing the nomination policy and board diversity policy of the Company periodically and make recommendation
on any proposed revisions to the Board.


                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023     33
     Corporate Governance Report



     The Nomination Committee held one meeting in 2023 to review the structure, size and composition of the Board,
     assess the independence of independent non-executive directors and make recommendation to the Board on the re-
     appointment of directors in accordance with the nomination policy. The Company has adopted a nomination policy
     which sets out the selection criteria (including but not limited to work experience, cultural and education background,
     reputation, professional experience, length of service, gender and age of the candidate) and nomination process of
     directors.


     Audit Committee
     The Audit Committee comprises three independent non-executive directors, namely Mr. Au Chun Kwok Alan
     (Chairman), Mr. Wang Bo and Mr. Chen Chuan.


     The responsibilities of the Audit Committee include, but not limited to, (i) assisting the Board in providing an
     independent review of the effectiveness of the financial reporting process, risk management and internal control
     systems of the Group; (ii) overseeing the audit process; (iii) reviewing the completeness, accuracy, clarity and
     fairness of the Company’s financial statements; (iv) reviewing and monitoring connected transactions; (v) making
     recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external auditor; (vi)
     approving the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditor; and (vii) assessing the independence
     and objectivity of the external auditor.


     The Audit Committee held four meetings in 2023 and performed the duties summarised below:


     •      review and make recommendations to the Board for the approval of the quarterly, interim and annual financial
            statements of the Group;
     •      review the connected transactions of the Group;
     •      assess the performance of the external auditor and approve its remuneration;
     •      assess the independence and objectivity of the external auditor; and
     •      review the effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems of the Group.


     Directors’ Securities Transactions
     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
     Code”) set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules. In response to specific enquires made, all directors confirmed
     that they have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code throughout the year ended 31
     December 2023.


     Directors’ Continuous Professional Development
     All directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their
     knowledge and skills. All directors have been updated on the latest developments regarding the Listing Rules and
     other applicable regulatory requirements to ensure compliance and enhance their awareness of good corporate
     governance practices.




34   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report



Details of the participation in continuous professional development of the existing directors in 2023 are summarised
in the table below:


                                                                   Attending
                                                                training course/             Reading materials
                                                           seminar/forum relating to      relating to the Group’s
                                                          the Group’s businesses or            businesses or
                                                                directors’ duties             directors’ duties



Executive Directors
Cai Dongchen                                                            ✓                             ✓
Zhang Cuilong                                                           ✓                             ✓
Wang Zhenguo                                                            ✓                             ✓
Pan Weidong                                                             ✓                             ✓
Wang Huaiyu                                                             ✓                             ✓
Li Chunlei                                                              ✓                             ✓
Wang Qingxi                                                             ✓                             ✓
Chak Kin Man                                                            ✓                             ✓
Jiang Hao                                                               ✓                             ✓


Independent Non-Executive Directors
Wang Bo                                                                 ✓                             ✓
Chen Chuan                                                              ✓                             ✓
Wang Hongguang                                                          ✓                             ✓
Au Chun Kwok Alan                                                       ✓                             ✓
Law Cheuk Kin Stephen                                                   ✓                             ✓
Li Quan                                                                 ✓                             ✓


Mechanism on Independent Views to the Board
The Board has adopted effective mechanism to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board.
Subject to approval of the Chairman of the Board, directors may seek, at the Company’s expense, independent
legal, financial or other professional advice from advisors independent to those advising the Company as and when
necessary to enable them to discharge their responsibilities effectively. The Board will review the implementation and
effectiveness of such mechanism on an annual basis.


The Board has reviewed the validity of implementation of such mechanism during the year and considered that such
mechanism is effective.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023     35
     Corporate Governance Report



     Risk Management and Internal Controls
     The Board has overall responsibility for overseeing the Group’s risk management and internal control systems, and
     reviewing their effectiveness. Such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve
     business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or
     loss.


     Effective risk management is the key to sustainable business success. As a major pharmaceutical group based in
     mainland China, the Group faces a diverse range of risks and uncertainties that could have a materially adverse
     impact on the business or results of operations. The Group’s approach to risk management is therefore an ongoing
     process of identification, evaluation and management of the principal risks affecting the business.


     Risk Management Framework
     1.      Each business unit is responsible for identifying, assessing and managing risks within its business, ensuring
             that appropriate internal controls for effective risk management are implemented - principal risks are identified
             and assessed in the yearly business planning process with action plans to manage those risks;


     2.      The management is responsible for overseeing the risk management and internal control activities of the
             Group - regular meetings with each business unit to ensure principal risks are properly managed, and new or
             changing risks are identified;


     3.      The Board is responsible for reviewing and approving the effectiveness and adequacy of the Group’s risk
             management and internal control systems - review of the annual review report and consideration of the Audit
             Committee’s recommendation.


     The risk management framework, coupled with our internal controls, ensures that the risks associated with our
     different business units are effectively controlled in line with the Group’s risk appetite.


     Internal Control System
     The internal control system of the Group is designed to facilitate effective and efficient operations, ensure the
     maintenance of proper accounting records, ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, identify
     and manage potential risks and safeguard assets of the Group. The management is responsible for the design,
     implementation and maintenance of internal controls, while the Audit Committee and the Board review the
     effectiveness of the Group’s systems of internal controls and risk management through the assistance of the internal
     audit function.


     During 2023, the Group’s internal audit function (undertaken by the Internal Audit Department, and Supervision
     and Security Department) has conducted an annual review of the effectiveness of the risk management and
     internal control systems of the Group, covering all material financial, operational and compliance controls, and risk
     management. In addition, the review has considered the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience,
     training programs and budget of the accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions. The review report
     was submitted to the Audit Committee and the Board for their review.




36   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report



Apart from review of the annual review report submitted by the internal audit function, the Audit Committee also had
regular meetings with the external auditor and reviewed the reports provided by the external auditor of any control
issues or findings identified in the course of their work. The Audit Committee has also requested the management
to follow up the recommendations given by the external auditor to remedy the control issues identified or to further
improve the internal control systems.


The Board formed its own view on the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems based on
the review of the annual review report and the recommendation of the Audit Committee.


In respect of the year ended 31 December 2023, the Board considered the risk management and internal control
systems of the Group effective and adequate. No significant areas of concern that may affect the financial,
operational, compliance controls, and risk management of the Group have been identified. The Board also
considered the resources, qualification and experience, training programs and budget of the Group’s accounting,
internal audit and financial reporting functions adequate. Nevertheless, the Group would take further steps to
continually improve its risk management and internal control systems.


Anti-corruption Policy and Whistleblowing Policy
The Company has adopted an anti-corruption policy to govern acceptance of advantages by employees and a
whistleblowing policy to provide guidance to employees and external stakeholders to report concerns about any
suspected or actual improprieties relating to the Group.


Dissemination of Inside Information
The Company is committed to a consistent practice of timely, accurate and sufficiently detailed disclosure of material
information about the Group. The Company has adopted a Policy on Disclosure of Inside Information which sets out
the obligations, guidelines and procedures for handling and dissemination of inside information. With those guidelines
and procedures, the Group has management controls in place to ensure that potential inside information can be
promptly identified, assessed and escalated for the attention of the Board to decide about the need for disclosure.


Corporate Governance Functions
The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance duties as set out below:


•     develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance including shareholders’
      communication policy, board diversity policy and mechanism on independent views to the Board, and make
      recommendations;
•     review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of directors and senior
      management;
•     review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
      requirements;
•     develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and
      directors; and
•     review the Company’s compliance with the Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report under
      Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules.


The Board has performed the above duties during the year.

                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023     37
     Corporate Governance Report



     External Auditor
     The Company has engaged Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as its external auditor. The remuneration for audit and non-
     audit services provided by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu to the Group in 2023 are as follows:


     Nature of services                                                                                           RMB’000



     Audit and assurance services                                                                                     6,882
     Tax advisory and compliance                                                                                        611

     Total                                                                                                            7,493


     The remuneration of the external auditor for audit and non-audit services has been reviewed by the Audit Committee
     to ensure the independence of the external auditor. During the year, the Audit Committee has received confirmation
     from and discussed with Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu on its independence. Deloittee Touche Tohmatsu has adopted a
     seven-year rotation policy regarding engagement partner. As the current engagement partner has served on the audit
     of the Company since 2021, a new engagement partner will be assigned to the Company in 2028.


     Financial Reporting
     The Directors’ responsibilities for the financial statements and the responsibilities of the external auditor are set out
     on page 60 of this annual report.


     There are no material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the
     Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.


     Company Secretary
     Mr. Lo Tai On, the Company Secretary, is a member of The Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He
     is a director of Fair Wind Secretarial Services Limited, a company rendering secretarial services, and is not a full-time
     employee of the Company. He reports to the Board and the primary contact person of the Company with Mr. Lo is
     Mr. Chak Kin Man, an executive director of the Company. During 2023, Mr. Lo has confirmed that he has taken no
     less than 15 hours of relevant professional training.


     Communications with Shareholders
     The objective of communications with shareholders is to provide them with detailed information about the Company
     so that they can exercise their rights as shareholders in an informed manner. The Company uses a range of
     communication tools to ensure its shareholders and investors are kept well informed of key business imperatives.
     These include general meetings, interim and annual reports, announcements and circulars.


     The Company also actively attends different forms of investors’ communication activities, including meetings with
     investors, telephone conferences, activities organized by sell side institutions and non-deal roadshows, with the aim
     to enhance corporate transparency so that investors can have a better understanding of the business model and
     latest development strategy of the Group. During 2023, management of the Company has attended around 300 one-
     on-one and group meetings.




38   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Corporate Governance Report



In addition, the Company maintains a website at www.cspc.com.hk as a communication platform with shareholders
and investors, where the Group’s business developments and operations, financial information, corporate
governance practices and other key information are available for public access.


In order to enable shareholders and investors to exercise their rights in an informed manner and to allow them to
engage actively with the Company, a shareholders’ communication policy of the Company has been established.
Shareholders and investors may at any time send their enquiries and concerns to the Company via the Company’s
website. Shareholders may also make enquiries with the Board at the general meetings of the Company.


The Board has reviewed the validity of implementation of the shareholders’ communication policy during the year and
considered that it remained effective in enhancing timely, transparent, accurate and open communication between
the Company and the shareholders.


General Meeting on Requisition by Shareholders
Pursuant to Sections 566-568 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), shareholder(s)
representing at least 5% of the total voting rights of all shareholders having a right to vote at general meetings can
make a request to call a general meeting. The request, which may be sent in hard copy form or electronic form, must
state the general nature of the business to be dealt with at the meeting and must be authenticated by the person
or persons making it. The request may consist of several documents in like form and may include the text of a
resolution that may properly be moved and is intended to be moved at the meeting.


The directors must call a general meeting within 21 days after the date on which they become subject to the
requirement, and the meeting so called must be held on a date not more than 28 days after the date of the notice
convening the meeting. If the directors do not do so, the shareholders who requested the meeting, or any of them
representing more than one half of the total voting rights of all of them, may themselves call a general meeting,
but the meeting must be called for a date not more than 3 months after the date on which the directors become
subject to the requirement to call a meeting. The Company must reimburse any reasonable expenses incurred by the
shareholders requesting the meeting by reason of the failure of the directors duly to call the meeting.


Procedures for Putting Forward Proposal at Annual General Meeting (“AGM”)
Pursuant to Section 615 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), shareholders may
make a request to circulate a resolution at an AGM if they represent at least 2.5% of the total voting rights of all
shareholders having a right to vote on the resolution at the AGM to which the request relates; or are at least 50
shareholders having a right to vote on the resolution at the AGM to which the request relates.


The request, which may be sent in hard copy form or electronic form, must (i) identify the resolution of which notice
is to be given; (ii) be authenticated by the person or persons making it; and (iii) be received by the Company not later
than 6 weeks before the AGM to which the request relates or if later, the time at which notice is given of that AGM.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023     39
     Corporate Governance Report



     Procedures for Nominating a Person for Election as a Director
     The procedures for shareholders to nominate a person for election as a director have been published on the
     Company’s website.


     2023 General Meeting and Adjourned Extraordinary General Meetings
     At the annual general meeting and two adjourned extraordinary general meetings held in 2023, separate resolutions
     were proposed by the chairman in respect of each separate issue, including re-election of directors and granting of
     share options to directors. All the resolutions were voted by way of poll, and the results of the poll were announced
     in the manner prescribed under the Listing Rules. Mr. Cai Dognchen (chairman of the Board and Nomination
     Committee) has attended the annual general meeting, and Mr. Au Chun Kwok Alan (chairman of the Audit Committee
     and Remuneration Committee) has attended the annual general meeting and adjourned extraordinary general
     meetings to ensure effective communication with shareholders.


     Constitutional Documents
     There was no change in the Company’s constitutional documents during 2023.




40   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Directors’ Report

The board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) is pleased to present this annual report and the audited
consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) for the
year ended 31 December 2023.


Principal Activities
The Company acts as an investment holding company. The principal activities of its principal subsidiaries are set out
in note 44 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.


Business Review
Overview
A fair review of the business of the Group, a discussion and analysis of the Group’s performance, an indication of
likely future development in the Group’s business and particulars of important events affecting the Group that have
occurred since the end of the financial year are provided in the sections of this annual report headed Chairman’s
Statement, Management Discussion and Analysis, and in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


Principal risks and uncertainties
The Group faces certain risks and uncertainties which may affect its results and operations, some of which are
inherent to pharmaceutical sector and beyond its control. These risks and uncertainties include, but not limited to,
the followings:


(i)     Drug approval process
        The actual timing of market launch of our products under development could vary significantly from our
        estimates due to a number of factors including delays or failures in our pre-clinical studies or clinical trials,
        the lengthy approval process and the uncertainties of the outcome. Any delay or failure in the process could
        adversely affect the timing of market launch of our products. The Group is committed to investing in research
        and development of new drugs to ensure a rich product pipeline.


(ii)    Results of drug tenders and centralised procurements
        Our sales and profitability depend on our ability to win in drug tenders and centralised procurements for our
        products at a desirable price in China. We may fail to win due to various factors, including uncompetitive
        bidding price. If our products fail to win or the new prices are significantly cut, the market share, sales and
        profitability of the products concerned could be adversely impacted. We have a team of staff handling drug
        tenders and centralised procurements of our products. The Group is also committed to investing in research
        and development of new drugs to expand and diversify our product portfolio.


(iii)   Compliance with certain PRC environmental and safety regulations
        We are subject to the PRC laws, rules and regulations concerning environmental and safety protection. Any
        violation of these laws, rules or regulations may result in substantial fines, criminal sanctions, revocations
        of operating permits or shutdown of production facilities. We have established a designated department to
        inspect and monitor the environmental performance of the Group. The department will make recommendations
        to correct environmental issues identified and improve the environmental performance of the Group.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023     41
     Directors’ Report



     (iv)    Exclusion of products from drug reimbursement list
             Under the PRC medical insurance scheme, patients can obtain reimbursement of all or a portion of the cost of
             drugs listed in the National Reimbursement Drug List (the “NRDL”). The NRDL is reviewed and updated from
             time to time. There is no assurance that our products will be or continue to be listed in the NRDL. The removal
             of any of our products from the NRDL may have an adverse impact on the sales of the products concerned.
             In addition, product prices may have to be cut in order to be listed in the NRDL.


     (v)     Illegal practice of employees or third-party distributors
             The Group prohibits our employees and third-party distributors from engaging in corruption practices to
             influence the procurement decision of hospitals. However, we may not be able to effectively ensure that
             every employee or third-party distributor complies at all times with our policies. If such illegal practices or
             improper conduct occur, this may harm our reputation or expose us to regulatory investigations and potential
             punishment. The employee handbook and sales contracts entered into with third-party distributors contain
             specific rules to prohibit illegal practices in order to prevent misconduct from occurring.


     (vi)    Side effects of products
             Our products may cause severe side effects due to a number of factors, many of which are outside of our
             control. These factors include potential side effects not revealed in clinical studies, unusual but severe side
             effects in isolated cases, defective products not detected by our quality management system or misuse of
             our products by our customers. In addition, our products may be perceived to cause severe side effects if
             products of other companies containing the same or similar active pharmaceutical ingredients, raw materials
             or delivery technologies as our products cause or are perceived to have caused severe side effects. If our
             products cause or are perceived to cause severe side effects, our sales and profitability could be adversely
             affected. We have adopted a product recall procedure to ensure that our products could be quickly recalled in
             case of safety or quality concerns.


     (vii)   Product liability
             Claims for product liability and product recalls may arise if any of our products are deemed or proven to be
             unsafe, ineffective, defective or contaminated, or if we are alleged to have engaged in practices such as
             insufficient or improper labelling of products or providing inadequate warnings or insufficient or misleading
             disclosures of side effects. If we are not able to successfully defend such claims, we may be subject to civil
             liability for damages or criminal liability. Product liability claims may attract negative publicity which may
             adversely affect our reputation and business. We are committed to maintaining a high technical and quality
             standard to ensure that the products meet the requirements in all aspects.




42   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Directors’ Report



Key Relationships
(i)     Employees
        Human resources are one of the greatest assets of the Group and the Group regards the personal
        development of its employees as highly important. The Group wants to continue to be an attractive employer
        for committed employees.


        The Group strives to motivate its employees with a clear career path and opportunities for advancement and
        improvement of their skills. The Group provides on-the-job training and development opportunities to our staff
        members. In addition, the Group offers competitive remuneration packages to our employees. The Group has
        also adopted share option scheme and share award scheme to recognise and reward the contribution of the
        employees for the Group’s operations and future development.


(ii)    Suppliers
        We have developed long-standing relationships with a number of suppliers and take great care to ensure that
        they share our commitment to quality and ethics. We carefully select our suppliers and require them to satisfy
        certain assessment criteria including track record, experience, financial strength, reputation, ability to produce
        high-quality products and quality control effectiveness.


(iii)   Distributors
        We sell our finished drug products mainly to distributors which will sell the products to end-user customers.
        We work closely with the distributors to ensure that we share the view for upholding our brand value and
        customer services.


(iv)    Hospitals
        We are committed to offer a broad and diverse range of good-quality products to hospitals. We also stay
        connected and maintain a close relationship with the hospitals by maintaining a database and have ongoing
        communications with them through various channels such as visits, marketing materials and meetings.


Environmental policies
We are subject to certain PRC laws, rules and regulations concerning environmental protection, including those in
relation to the discharge of gaseous waste, liquid waste and solid waste and noise pollution during our manufacturing
processes. The Group attaches importance to compliance with the relevant environmental laws and regulations. We
have established designated departments to inspect and monitor the environmental performance of the Group. In
addition, the departments will make recommendations to remedy the environmental issues identified and improve the
environmental performance of the Group. Discussions on the Group’s environmental policies and performance are
set out in the ESG Report which will be published separately.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023     43
     Directors’ Report



     Compliance with laws and regulations
     The Group’s operations are mainly carried out by the Company’s subsidiaries established in the mainland China and
     the U.S. while the Company itself is incorporated in Hong Kong with its shares listed on The Stock Exchange of
     Hong Kong Limited. In addition, the shares of a subsidiary of the Company are listed on the ChiNext of Shenzhen
     Stock Exchange. Our establishment and operations accordingly shall comply with relevant laws and regulations in
     the mainland China, the U.S. and Hong Kong. During the year ended 31 December 2023 and up to the date of this
     report, we have complied with all the relevant laws and regulations in the mainland China, the U.S. and Hong Kong
     that have a significant impact on the Group.


     Results and Appropriations
     The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out on page 63 of this annual report.


     The Board recommends a final dividend of HK14 cents per share which, together with the interim dividend of HK14
     cents paid on 12 October 2023, makes a total of HK28 cents per share in respect of the year ended 31 December
     2023. Subject to the approval of the shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting, the proposed final
     dividend will be paid on 26 June 2024 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members on 5 June
     2024.


     Distributable Reserves of the Company
     The Company’s reserves available for distribution to shareholders as at 31 December 2023 amounted to
     RMB1,991,701,000.


     Major Customers and Suppliers
     The aggregate sales and purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest customers and suppliers were less than
     30% of the Group’s total revenue and purchases for the year, respectively.


     Donations
     During the year, the Group made donations for charitable purposes of RMB97,401,000.


     Fixed Assets
     During the year, the Group continued to expand its business and acquired buildings, plant and equipment of
     RMB1,863,280,000. Details of the movements in fixed assets of the Group during the year are set out in note 13 to
     the consolidated financial statements.


     Share Capital
     Details of the movements in the share capital of the Company are set out in note 35 to the consolidated financial
     statements.


     Five-Year Financial Summary
     A summary of the Group’s results, assets and liabilities for the last five financial years is set out on page 156 of this
     annual report.


     Equity-Linked Agreements
     Save for the long-term incentive program of the Group, no equity-linked agreement was entered into during the year
     or subsisted at the end of the year.

44   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Directors’ Report



Permitted Indemnity
The Articles of Association of the Company provides that every director shall be indemnified out of the assets of the
Company against any losses or liability (to the extent permitted by the Companies Ordinance) which he/she may
sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his/her office. The Directors and Officers Liability Insurance
undertaken by the Company provides such indemnities to all the directors of the Company and its subsidiaries.


Directors
The directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this report were:


Executive directors:
Cai Dongchen (Chairman)
Zhang Cuilong (Vice-Chairman and CEO)
Wang Zhenguo
Pan Weidong
Wang Huaiyu
Li Chunlei
Wang Qingxi
Chak Kin Man
Jiang Hao


Independent non-executive directors:
Wang Bo
Chen Chuan
Wang Hongguang
Au Chun Kwok Alan
Law Cheuk Kin Stephen
Li Quan


In accordance with Article 101 of the Company’s Articles of Association, Mr. Cai Dongchen, Dr. Li Chunlei, Dr. Wang
Qingxi, Mr. Chak Kin Man and Mr. Law Cheuk Kin Stephen shall retire by rotation at the forthcoming annual general
meeting. Dr. Wang Qingxi and Mr. Chak Kin Man will not be seeking re-election while all other retiring directors, being
eligible, will offer themselves for re-election.


None of the directors who are proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service
contract not terminable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory
compensation).


The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive directors an annual confirmation of
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, and considers all the independent non-executive directors
to be independent.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023      45
     Directors’ Report



     Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management
     CAI Dongchen
     Mr. Cai, aged 70, Chairman of the Company, has been an executive director of the Company since April 1997.
     Mr. Cai is also the chairman of the Nomination Committee and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.
     Mr. Cai holds an MBA degree from Nankai University and has extensive technical and management experience in the
     pharmaceutical industry.


     Mr. Cai is a substantial shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
     Ordinance (“SFO”). Mr. Cai is also a director of True Ally Holdings Limited and Massive Giant Group Limited, both are
     substantial shareholders of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.


     ZHANG Cuilong
     Mr. Zhang, aged 55, Vice-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, has been an executive director of
     the Company since July 2018. Mr. Zhang is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Zhang holds
     a Bachelor’s degree in Pharmacology from Hebei Medical College (now known as Hebei Medical University) and has
     extensive technical, marketing and management experience in the pharmaceutical industry.


     WANG Zhenguo
     Mr. Wang, aged 54, has been an executive director of the Company since January 2012. Mr. Wang is also a director
     of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Wang holds a Bachelor’s degree in Chemistry from Nankai University and
     has extensive technical, marketing and management experience in the pharmaceutical industry.


     PAN Weidong
     Mr. Pan, aged 54, has been an executive director of the Company since October 2006. Mr. Pan is also a director
     of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Pan holds an EMBA degree from Tsinghua University and has extensive
     finance, accounting and investment experience in the pharmaceutical industry.


     Mr. Pan is a director of Common Success International Limited, a substantial shareholder of the Company within the
     meaning of Part XV of the SFO.


     WANG Huaiyu
     Mr. Wang, aged 60, has been an executive director of the Company since October 2010. Mr. Wang is also a director
     of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Wang holds a Bachelor’s degree in Microbiology and Biochemistry from
     Hebei University and has extensive technical and management experience in the pharmaceutical industry.


     LI Chunlei
     Dr. Li, aged 47, has been an executive director of the Company since December 2017. Dr. Li is currently the Chief
     Scientist of the Group in charge of research and development. Dr. Li is also the general manager of a subsidiary of
     the Company, deputy director of the Novel Pharmaceutical Preparations and Excipients State Key Laboratory and
     director of the Hebei Pharmaceutical Engineering Technology Centre. Dr. Li holds a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering
     (Biological Pharmaceutics) from Jilin University and Shenyang Pharmaceutical University, a Master’s degree in
     Science (Microbial and Biochemical Pharmaceutics) from Jilin University and a Doctorate in Science (Pharmaceutical
     Science) from Shenyang Pharmaceutical University.



46   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Directors’ Report



WANG Qingxi
Dr. Wang, aged 58, has been an executive director of the Company since August 2018. Dr. Wang is also a director
of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Prior to joining the Group, Dr. Wang worked at Merck & Co., Inc. in the
U.S. for 20 years where he held senior positions including director of pharmaceutical R&D and director of business
development and operation. Dr. Wang holds a Bachelor’s degree in Science (Chemistry) and a Master’s degree in
Science (Chemistry) from Nankai University in China, a Master’s degree in Science (Polymer Science) and a Doctorate
in Chemistry from University of Connecticut in the U.S. and a MBA degree from Temple University in the U.S.


CHAK Kin Man
Mr. Chak, aged 58, has been an executive director of the Company since December 2005. Mr. Chak is also a
director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Chak is an associate member of the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants and a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants. Mr. Chak
holds a Bachelor of Social Sciences degree from The University of Hong Kong and has extensive experience in
finance, accounting and investor relations.


Mr. Chak is a director of Common Success International Limited, a substantial shareholder of the Company within
the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.


JIANG Hao
Dr. Jiang, aged 40, has been an executive director of the Company since November 2020. Prior to joining the Group
in August 2020, Dr. Jiang has worked at Fastenal Company as general manager (north and central China) in the
U.S., Tianjin Kesun Technology Company (marketing and sales centre of Baidu in Tianjin) as general manager and 3H
Health Investment Management Ltd. as assistant to chairman and chief operation officer. Dr. Jiang holds a Bachelor’s
degree in Management from Hebei University of Technology, a Master’s degree in Management, Economics and
Industrial Engineering from Politecnico di Milano and a Doctorate in Management (Technology Economics and
Management) from Hebei University of Technology.


WANG Bo
Mr. Wang, aged 63, has been as an independent non-executive director of the Company since December 2012. He
is also a member of the Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee of the Company.
Mr. Wang is currently the CEO of Beijing CHNMED Pharmaceutical Technology Development Co., Ltd and managing
director of Beijing CHNMED Pharmaceutical Consulting Co., Ltd. Mr. Wang graduated from Beijing Institute of Iron
and Steel and has extensive experience in pharmaceutical policy research and consulting. Mr. Wang is currently the
distinguished researcher of the Research Center of National Drug Policy & Ecosystem.


Mr. Wang is also an independent director of Youcare Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. (listed on Shanghai Stock
Exchange).




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023     47
     Directors’ Report



     CHEN Chuan
     Mr. Chen, aged 60, has been as an independent non-executive director of the Company since June 2016. He is also
     a member of the Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee of the Company. Mr. Chen
     holds a Bachelor’s degree in Medicine from Norman Bethune University of Medical Science and a Master’s degree in
     Science from Albert Einstein College of Medicine at Yeshiva University.


     Mr. Chen resigned as an independent director of Guangxi Liuzhou Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (listed on Shanghai
     Stock Exchange) and Shanghai Kehua Bio-Engineering Co., Ltd. (listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange) in 2023.


     WANG Hongguang
     Prof. Wang, aged 61, has been as an independent non-executive director of the Company since January 2021. Prof.
     Wang is a director and professor of International Center for Bioeconomy, Institute of Multidisciplinary Biomedical
     Research of Tsinghua University (National Institute of Biological Sciences, Beijing), executive director and adjunct
     professor of Peking University’s China Center for Strategic Studies, adjunct professor of Tianjin University and China
     Pharmaceutical University. Prof. Wang has previously served as a director of Center of Biotechnology Development of
     China of the Ministry of Science and Technology. Prof. Wang has long been engaged in the research on technology
     and economic strategy, and has conducted in-depth research on domestic and foreign biotechnology development
     and industry policies. Prof. Wang was the founder of “Disparity Economics” and has published 21 books including
     “Bio-economic of China” and more than 110 theses. Prof. Wang holds a Bachelor’s degree in Agriculture from
     Gansu Agricultural University, a Master’s degree in Agriculture and a Doctorate in Agriculture from China Agricultural
     University.


     Prof. Wang is also an independent director of Beijing Tiantan Biological Products Corporation Limited (listed on
     Shanghai Stock Exchange).


     AU Chun Kwok Alan
     Mr. Au, aged 51, has been an independent non-executive director of the Company since January 2021. He is
     also the chairman of the Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee of the Company. Mr. Au is the founder
     and managing director of GT Healthcare Group, a private equity platform focusing on cross border healthcare
     investments. Prior to that, Mr. Au served as the head of the Asia Healthcare Investment Banking of Deutsche Bank
     Group, advising healthcare IPO and M&A in the region, an executive director at JAFCO Asia Investment Group,
     responsible for healthcare investments in China, and an investment director of Morningside Group in charge of
     healthcare investments in Asia. Mr. Au received a Bachelor’s degree in Psychology from Chinese University of Hong
     Kong and a Master’s degree in Management from Columbia Business School in New York. Mr. Au is a certified public
     accountant (CPA) in the U.S. and a chartered financial analyst (CFA), and an associate member of the Hong Kong
     Institute of Financial Analysts and member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.


     Mr. Au is also an independent director of I-Mab Biopharma Co., Ltd. (listed on Nasdaq).




48   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Directors’ Report



Law Cheuk Kin Stephen, JP
Mr. Law, aged 61, has been an independent non-executive director of the Company since March 2021. Mr. Law
is currently the Managing Director of ANS Capital Limited. He previously served as the Finance Director and a
member of the Executive Directorate of MTR Corporation Limited, CFO of Guoco Group Limited, Hong Kong and
Managing Director of TPG Growth Capital (Asia) Limited, and held various senior positions in the Morningside Group
and Wheelock Group. He is also a member of the board of directors of SOW (Asia) Foundation, Vice-President of
the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, council member of Hong Kong Business Accountants
Association and member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. Mr. Law holds a Bachelor’s
degree in Science (Civil Engineering) from the University of Birmingham, the United Kingdom and a Master’s degree
in Business Administration from the University of Hull, the United Kingdom.


Mr. Law was appointed as a member of the 14th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative
Conference of the People’s Republic of China in January 2023. He has also been appointed by the Ministry of
Finance of the People’s Republic of China as an expert consultant to provide advice on finance and management
accounting.


Mr. Law is also an independent non-executive director of China Everbright Limited, Somerley Capital Holdings
Limited, China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd., and Keymed Biosciences Inc., all of which are listed on The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.


LI Quan
Ms. Li, aged 43, was has been an independent non-executive director of the Company since November 2022.
Ms. Li has over ten years of experience in investment management. She is currently the Operating Partner of CDH
Investments Management (Hong Kong) Limited. Ms. Li holds a Bachelor of Cell Biology & Genetics and Economics
double degree from Peking University, and a Master of Science degree from National University of Singapore School
of Computing.


Directors of Subsidiaries
The list of directors of the Company’s subsidiaries (other than those listed as directors of the Company) is kept at the
registered office of the Company and available for inspection by shareholders of the Company during office hours.


Directors’ Interests in Transactions, Arrangements or Contracts of Significance
Details of the continuing connected transactions of the Group during the year are set out in the section headed
Continuing Connected Transactions.


Other than as disclosed above, no transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which the Company or
any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a director of the Company or his connected entities had a material
interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023   49
     Directors’ Report



     Directors’ Interests in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures
     As at 31 December 2023, the interests and short positions of the directors and their associates in the shares,
     underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV
     of the SFO), as recorded in the register maintained by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise
     notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited pursuant to the Model Code for Securities
     Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers, were as follows:


     Long Positions
                                                                                                           Total
                                                                                                       interests   Approximate %
                                                                               Number of              in shares/     of the issued
                                                         Number of              underlying           underlying         shares of
     Name of director      Capacity                     shares held            shares held               shares     the Company


                                                                                             (3)
     Cai Dongchen          Beneficial owner             225,386,960            18,000,000          2,844,255,670          23.89%
                                                                         (1)
                           Interest of controlled     2,600,868,710                      –
                             corporation
                                                                                             (3)
     Zhang Cuilong         Beneficial owner                          –           8,000,000            8,000,000             0.07%
                                                                                             (3)
     Li Chunlei            Beneficial owner                          –           6,000,000            6,000,000             0.05%
                                                                                             (3)
     Wang Zhenguo          Beneficial owner                          –           3,000,000            3,000,000             0.03%
                                                                                             (3)
     Pan Weidong           Beneficial owner                          –           3,000,000            3,000,000             0.03%
                                                                                             (3)
     Wang Huaiyu           Beneficial owner                          –           3,000,000            3,000,000             0.03%
                                                                                             (2)
     Wang Qingxi           Beneficial owner                          –           6,000,000            6,000,000             0.05%
                                                                                             (3)
     Chak Kin Man          Beneficial owner               3,847,680              3,000,000            6,847,680             0.06%
                                                                                             (3)
     Jiang Hao             Beneficial owner                          –           3,000,000            3,000,000             0.03%




50   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Directors’ Report



Notes:


(1)       Mr. Cai Dongchen is deemed to be interested in 2,600,868,710 shares, comprising (i) 406,904,640 shares directly held by
          Key Honesty Limited, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of True Ally Holdings Limited (“True Ally”), (ii) 1,218,834,470 shares
          directly held by Massive Giant Group Limited, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of True Ally, (iii) 948,249,600 shares directly
          held by True Ally, which is directly wholly-owned by Mr. Cai Dongchen and (iv) 26,880,000 shares directly held by Harmonic
          Choice Limited by virtue of his interests in a chain of corporations holding Harmonic Choice Limited, namely Massive Top
          Limited, of which March Rise Limited, Beijing Zhongyihe Hezhong Investment Management Centre (Limited Partnership)
         （北京中宜和合眾投資管理中心（有限合夥））(“Zhongyihe”) and True Ally own 75%, 15% and 10%, respectively. March Rise
         Limited in turn is owned as to 40% by True Ally and 60% by Zhongyihe, the general partner of which is Mr. Cai Dongchen.


(2)       The interests comprise 3,000,000 unvested awarded shares granted by Key Honesty Limited, a shareholder of the
          Company; and 3,000,000 share options granted under the Share Option Scheme of the Company. Details of which are set
          out in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements.


(3)       The interests represent share options granted under the Share Option Scheme of the Company. Details of which are set out
          in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements.


Other than as disclosed above, none of the directors or their associates had any interests or short positions in the
shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations as at 31 December
2023.


Arrangements to Purchase Shares or Debentures
Other than the long-term incentive program of the Group, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries was a
party to any arrangements to enable the directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of
shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate at any time during the year.


Long-Term Incentive Program
(i)       Share Option Scheme
          The Company has adopted a share option scheme on 9 December 2015 (the “Share Option Scheme”), details
          of which are set out in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements.


          On 4 September 2023, the Company has conditionally granted share options (the “Share Options”) to
          the directors of the Company set out in the table below (the “Management Grantees”) to subscribe for
          an aggregate of 50,000,000 shares of the Company (the “Share Option Shares”) under the Share Option
          Scheme.




                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023        51
     Directors’ Report



           The exercise of the Share Options by the Management Grantees in full (the “Exercise of the Share Options”)
           will cause the aggregate shareholding interests in the total number of issued shares held by the Management
           Grantees and parties acting in concert with any of them (collectively, the “Management Group”) to increase
           from approximately 29.90% of the total number of issued shares of the Company as at the date of this annual
           report to approximately 30.19% of the total number of issued shares of the Company as enlarged by the
           issuance of the Share Option Shares. Accordingly, the Management Grantees would be obliged to make a
           mandatory general offer pursuant to Rule 26.1 of the Takeovers Code to the shareholders of the Company for
           all the issued shares not already owned or agreed to be acquired by the Management Group as a result of the
           allotment and issuance of the Share Option Shares to the Management Grantees, unless a whitewash waiver
           is granted by the Securities and Futures Commission (“SFC”). The Management Grantees have applied to the
           SFC for, and the SFC has granted, a waiver pursuant to Note 1 of the Notes on dispensations from Rule 26 of
           the Takeovers Code from the obligations of the Management Grantees to make a mandatory general offer for
           all of the shares and other securities (as defined in Note 4 to Rule 22 of the Takeovers Code) of the Company (if
           any) not already owned or agreed to be acquired by the Management Group which would otherwise arise as a
           result of the completion of the Exercise of the Share Options (the “Whitewash Waiver”).


           The resolutions approving the Whitewash Waiver and the conditional grant of the Share Options and the
           Exercise of the Share Options and the transactions contemplated thereunder were duly passed at the
           extraordinary general meeting held by the Company on 29 November 2023. Details of the Whitewash Waiver
           and the shareholding structure of the Company immediately after the issuance of the Share Option Shares
           upon Exercise of the Share Options (assuming that there will be no other change in the total number of issued
           shares and the number of issued shares held by the Management Group prior to completion of the Exercise of
           the Share Options) are set out in the circular of the Company dated 9 October 2023 and the announcement of
           the Company dated 29 November 2023.


           The table below shows details of movements of the Share Options during the year:


                                                                                                      Number of share options
                                                                                                                            Cancelled/
                                                                                                 Granted      Exercised         lapsed
                                              Exercise    Vesting    Exercise   Outstanding       during         during         during   Outstanding
           Name of grantees   Date of grant     period     period       price    as of 1 Jan        year       the year       the year   as of 31 Dec



           Directors:
           Cai Dongchen       4 Sep 2023            (1)        (2)   HK$5.98              —    18,000,000            —              —     18,000,000
           Zhang Cuilong      4 Sep 2023            (1)        (2)   HK$5.98              —     8,000,000            —              —      8,000,000
           Li Chunlei         4 Sep 2023            (1)        (2)   HK$5.98              —     6,000,000            —              —      6,000,000
           Wang Zhenguo       4 Sep 2023            (1)        (2)   HK$5.98              —     3,000,000            —              —      3,000,000
           Pan Weidong        4 Sep 2023            (1)        (2)   HK$5.98              —     3,000,000            —              —      3,000,000
           Wang Huaiyu        4 Sep 2023            (1)        (2)   HK$5.98              —     3,000,000            —              —      3,000,000
           Wang Qingxi        4 Sep 2023            (1)        (2)   HK$5.98              —     3,000,000            —              —      3,000,000
           Chak Kin Man       4 Sep 2023            (1)        (2)   HK$5.98              —     3,000,000            —              —      3,000,000
           Jiang Hao          4 Sep 2023            (1)        (2)   HK$5.98              —     3,000,000            —              —      3,000,000
                                                                                          —    50,000,000            —              —     50,000,000




52   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Directors’ Report



       Notes:


       1.       Subject to the fulfillment of the conditions for the grant and exercise of the share options, the vesting conditions
                and the vesting period, the exercise period of the share options is 10 years from the date of grant (i.e. 4 September
                2023 to 3 September 2033, both days inclusive).


       2.       Conditional upon the Group having achieved a single-digit percentage growth on the amount of the underlying profit
                attributable to shareholders (i.e. the profit attributable to shareholders after excluding certain non-operating items
                as determined by the Board) for the year ended 31 December 2023 as compared to that for the year ended 31
                December 2022, 50% of the share options shall be vested on 1 April 2024, and such condition has already been
                satisfied. The remaining 50% of the share options shall be vested on 1 April 2025 conditional upon the Group having
                achieved a double-digit percentage growth on the amount of the underlying profit attributable to shareholders (i.e.
                the profit attributable to shareholders after excluding certain non-operating items as determined by the Board) for
                the year ended 31 December 2024 as compared to that for the year ended 31 December 2023.


(2)    Share Award Scheme
       The Company has adopted a share award scheme on 20 August 2018. In addition, a shareholder of the
       Company has granted share awards to selected employees of the Group. Details of the Company’s share
       awards scheme and the share awards granted by the shareholder are set out in note 37 to the consolidated
       financial statements.


Substantial Shareholders’ Interests
As at 31 December 2023, the interests and short positions of the following persons in the shares and underlying
shares of the Company as recorded in the register maintained by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO were
as follows:




                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023        53
     Directors’ Report



     Long Positions
                                                                                                                Total
                                                                                                            interests    Approximate %
     Name of                                                                       Number of               in shares/      of the issued
     substantial                                               Number of           underlying             underlying          shares of
     shareholder               Capacity                       shares held         shares held                 shares       the Company


                                                                                                  (2)
     Cai Dongchen              Beneficial owner               225,386,960          18,000,000           2,844,255,670           23.89%
                                                                            (1)
                               Interest of controlled       2,600,868,710                     –
                                 corporation
     True Ally Holdings        Beneficial owner               948,249,600                     –         2,600,868,710           21.85%
                                                                            (1)
       Limited                 Interest of controlled       1,652,619,110                     –
                                 corporation
     Massive Giant Group       Beneficial owner             1,218,834,470                     –         1,218,834,470           10.24%
       Limited
     Common Success            Beneficial owner               728,796,313                     –          728,796,313              6.12%
       International Limited
     UBS Group AG              Interest in controlled         971,000,624                     –          971,000,624              8.16%
                                 corporation


     Short Positions
                                                                                                                        Approximate %
                                                                                                                          of the issued
     Name of substantial                                                                 Number of                           shares of
     shareholder                     Capacity                                           shares held                      the Company



     UBS Group AG                    Interest in controlled corporation                 212,310,028                              1.78%


     Note:


     (1)     Mr. Cai Dongchen is deemed to be interested in 2,600,868,710 shares, comprising (i) 406,904,640 shares directly held by
             Key Honesty Limited, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of True Ally, (ii) 1,218,834,470 shares directly held by Massive Giant
             Group Limited, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of True Ally, (iii) 948,249,600 shares directly held by True Ally, which is
             directly wholly-owned by Mr. Cai Dongchen and (iv) 26,880,000 shares directly held by Harmonic Choice Limited by virtue
             of his interests in a chain of corporations holding Harmonic Choice Limited, namely Massive Top Limited, of which March
             Rise Limited, Zhongyihe and True Ally own 75%, 15% and 10%, respectively. March Rise Limited in turn is owned as to
             40% by True Ally and 60% by Zhongyihe, the general partner of which is Mr. Cai Dongchen.


     (2)     The interests represent share options granted under the Share Option Scheme of the Company. Details of which are set out
             in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements.




54   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Directors’ Report



Other than as disclosed above, the Company has not been notified of any other interests or short positions in the
shares and underlying shares of the Company as at 31 December 2023.


Continuing Connected Transactions
During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group has entered into certain transactions which constituted
continuing connected transactions (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company and details of these transactions
are set out below:


Name of company                           Nature of transactions                                    Transaction amount
                                                                                                                RMB’000



CHL and its subsidiaries                  Sales of pharmaceutical products (note a)                               845,539
       (the “CHL Group”)                  Purchase of pharmaceutical products (note b)                             21,991


Notes:


(a)        On 22 November 2021, the Company entered into a master sales agreement with CHL for the sale of pharmaceutical
           products to the CHL Group for a terms of three years commencing on 1 November 2021.


(b)        On 22 December 2021, the Company entered into a master purchase agreement with CHL for the purchase of medicines,
           raw materials, equipment, low-cost consumables and other products from the CHL Group for a terms of three years
           commencing on 1 January 2022.


Mr. Cai Dongchen, an executive director and a substantial shareholder of the Company, is indirectly interested in
more than 30% of CHL through a series of corporations. Therefore, CHL is an associate of a substantial shareholder
of the Company, and thus a connected person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. In addition,
each of Mr. Zhang Cuilong, Mr. Wang Zhenguo, Mr. Pan Weidong, Mr. Wang Huaiyu, Dr. Li Chunlei and Dr. Jiang
Hao, all being executive directors of the Company, is also indirectly interested in CHL.


The Company has engaged its external auditor, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, to report on the continuing connected
transactions of the Group in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised)
“Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to
Practice Note 740 (Revised) “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing
Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Based on the work performed, the external
auditor has confirmed in its letter to the Board that nothing has come to its attention which causes it to believe that
the continuing connected transactions:


(i)        have not been approved by the Board;
(ii)       were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group for transactions
           involving the provision of goods or services by the Group;
(iii)      were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions;
           and
(iv)       have exceeded the annual cap for 2023 as disclosed in the announcements.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023     55
     Directors’ Report



     The independent non-executive directors have reviewed the continuing connected transactions and the auditor’s
     letter and have confirmed that the transactions have been entered into by the Group:


     (i)     in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;
     (ii)    on normal commercial terms or better; and
     (iii)   according to the respective agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the
             interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.


     Related Party Transactions
     Significant related party transactions which were undertaken in the normal course of business of the Group are set
     out in note 42 to the consolidated financial statements. Those related party transactions which constituted exempted
     connected transactions or continuing connected transactions under the Listing Rules are not disclosed in the section
     headed “Continuing Connected Transactions”.


     Directors’ Interests in Competing Business
     CHL holds certain equity interest in CSPC Jiangxi Jinfurong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd, a company principally engaged
     in the manufacture and sales of traditional Chinese medicines in the PRC and which may compete with the Group in
     certain aspects of its business. Each of Mr. Cai Dongchen, Mr. Zhang Cuilong, Mr. Wang Zhenguo, Mr. Pan Weidong,
     Mr. Wang Huaiyu, Dr. Li Chunlei and Dr. Jiang Hao, all being directors of the Company, has an indirect interest in
     CHL.


     Emolument Policy
     The emoluments of the directors of the Company are determined with reference to the expertise, experience,
     responsibilities and performance of the directors, financial and operational performance of the Group as well
     benchmarks from peer companies and prevailing market conditions.


     Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
     During the year, the Company repurchased its own shares on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited as follows:


                                                          Highest          Lowest
                                   Number of           purchase           purchase
                                      shares             price per        price per         Aggregate consideration
     Date                        repurchased                share            share              (before expenses)
                                                              HK$              HK$                 HK$                    RMB
                                                                                                                    (equivalent)



     March 2023                    24,560,000                7.80             7.41          187,202,000         163,877,000
     April 2023                     5,440,000                7.75             7.61           41,673,000             36,481,000
                                   30,000,000                                               228,875,000         200,358,000




56   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Directors’ Report



All the shares repurchased were cancelled upon delivery of the share certificates in April 2023. The Board considered
that the repurchases were made for the benefit of the shareholders with a view to enhancing the earnings per share
as well as maximizing shareholders’ return.


Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of
the listed securities of the Company during the year.


Sufficiency of Public Float
The Company has maintained a sufficient public float throughout the year ended 31 December 2023.


Auditor
A resolution will be submitted to the annual general meeting to re-appoint Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as
auditor of the Company.



On behalf of the Board
CAI Dongchen
Chairman


Hong Kong, 20 March 2024




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023     57
     Independent Auditor’s Report




     TO THE MEMBERS OF CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
     石藥集團有限公司
     (incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


     Opinion
     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of CSPC Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”) and
     its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 63 to 155, which comprise the consolidated
     statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023, the consolidated income statement, consolidated statement
     of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for
     the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of material accounting
     policy information and other explanatory information.


     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
     the Group as at 31 December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows
     for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the
     Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance
     with the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


     Basis for Opinion
     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
     Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of
     the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with
     the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
     responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
     appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


     Key Audit Matters
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
     of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
     separate opinion on these matters.




58   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Independent Auditor’s Report




 Key audit matter                                                             How our audit addressed the key audit matter


 Expected credit losses on trade receivables


 We identified impairment assessment of trade                                 Our procedures in relation to impairment assessment of
 receivables as a key audit matter due to the significance                    trade receivables included:
 of trade receivables to the Group’s consolidated
 financial position and the involvement of subjective                         •     Understanding key controls on how the
 judgement and management estimates in evaluating                                   management estimates the loss allowance for
 the expected credit losses (“ECL”) of the Group’s trade                            trade receivables;
 receivables at the end of the reporting period.
                                                                              •     Evaluating the competence, capabilities
 As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s net trade                                      and objectivity of the independent qualified
 receivables amounted to RMB5,869,223,000                                           professional valuer;
 representing approximately 13% of total assets of the
 Group, and RMB597,134,000 of which were past due.                            •     Involving our internal valuation specialists
                                                                                    to assess the appropriateness of valuation
 As disclosed in note 40 to the consolidated financial                              methodology and assumptions adopted;
 statements, the management of the Group estimated
 the amount of lifetime ECL of trade receivables, other                       •     Testing the integrity of information used by
 than major customers and credit-impaired balances,                                 management to develop the provision matrix,
 b a s e d o n p ro v i s i o n m a t r i x t h ro u g h g ro u p i n g o f         including trade receivables aging analysis as
 various debtors that have similar loss patterns, after                             at 31 December 2023, on a sample basis, by
 considering aging, repayment history and/or past due                               comparing individual items in the analysis with
 status of respective trade receivables. Estimated loss                             the relevant sales invoices and other supporting
 rates were based on historical observed default rates                              documents; and
 over the expected life of the debtors and were adjusted
 for forward-looking information. Trade receivables with                      •     Challenging management’s basis and judgement
 major customers and credit-impaired balances were                                  in determining credit loss allowance on trade
 assessed for ECL individually. The loss allowance of the                           receivables as at 31 December 2023, including
 credit-impaired trade receivables was measured as the                              their identification of major customers and
 difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the                             credit-impaired balances, the reasonableness
 present value of estimated future cash flows with the                              of management’s grouping of the remaining
 consideration of expected future credit losses.                                    debtors into different categories in the provision
                                                                                    matrix, and the basis of estimated loss rates
 As disclosed in note 40 to the consolidated financial                              applied for each individual trade debtor and each
 statements, the Group’s lifetime ECL recognised on                                 category in the provision matrix (with reference
 trade receivables as at 31 December 2023 amounted                                  to historical default rates and forward-looking
 to RMB42,137,000.                                                                  information).




                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023    59
     Independent Auditor’s Report



     Other Information
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
     information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our
     auditor’s report thereon.


     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
     any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
     information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
     financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
     based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
     we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


     Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
     true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and
     for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
     statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
     to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
     concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have
     no realistic alternative but to do so.


     Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


     Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
     are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
     opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 405 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for
     no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents
     of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted
     in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from
     fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
     influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




60   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Independent Auditor’s Report



As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
       to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
       that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
       misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
       forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
       appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
       Group’s internal control.


•      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
       and related disclosures made by the directors.


•      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
       on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
       may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
       material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures
       in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
       conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
       events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


•      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
       the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
       events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•      Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
       activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
       for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
       opinion.


We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
identify during our audit.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023     61
     Independent Auditor’s Report



     We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
     requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
     reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
     safeguards applied.


     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
     significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
     matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
     the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
     report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
     benefits of such communication.


     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Ms. Fung, Suet Ngan.




     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong
     20 March 2024




62   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Consolidated Income Statement
For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                2023            2022
                                                                    Note    RMB’000         RMB’000

Revenue                                                              5     31,450,109     30,936,904
Cost of sales                                                              (9,273,423)    (8,680,490)

Gross profit                                                               22,176,686     22,256,414
Other income                                                                 626,271         603,799
Other gains or losses, net                                                   (104,936)       291,383
Selling and distribution expenses                                          (9,140,652)   (10,337,423)
Administrative expenses                                                    (1,189,648)    (1,172,842)
Research and development expenses                                          (4,830,375)    (3,986,516)
Other expenses                                                               (100,743)       (80,333)
Share of results of associates                                      18        (41,065)       (42,509)
Share of results of joint ventures                                  19        (13,131)        27,114
Gains on deemed disposal of partial interests in an associate and
  a joint venture                                                             32,861          48,065
Finance costs                                                        6        (25,896)       (24,891)

Profit before tax                                                           7,389,372      7,582,261
Income tax expenses                                                  8     (1,316,679)    (1,350,211)


Profit for the year                                                  7      6,072,693      6,232,050

Profit for the year attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                     5,873,325      6,091,390
  Non-controlling interests                                                  199,368         140,660

                                                                            6,072,693      6,232,050

                                                                           RMB cents      RMB cents

Earnings per share                                                  11
  – Basic                                                                       49.47          51.11
  – Diluted                                                                     49.47          51.11




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023   63
     Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                           2023         2022
                                                                                       RMB’000      RMB’000

     Profit for the year                                                               6,072,693    6,232,050

     Other comprehensive (expense)/income:

     Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
     Fair value (loss)/gain on financial assets measured at fair value through other
       comprehensive income, net of income tax                                            (6,003)     13,013
     Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
     Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                           (17,544)     50,493

     Other comprehensive (expense)/income for the year, net of income tax                (23,547)     63,506

     Total comprehensive income for the year                                           6,049,146    6,295,556

     Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
       Owners of the Company                                                           5,849,778    6,154,896
       Non-controlling interests                                                        199,368      140,660

                                                                                       6,049,146    6,295,556




64   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
At 31 December 2023




                                                          2023            2022
                                              Note    RMB’000         RMB’000

Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                 13     10,416,599      9,582,060
Right-of-use assets                           14      1,226,293      1,394,859
Investment property                           15        59,432          62,737
Goodwill                                      16       234,904         234,904
Intangible assets                             17      2,198,549      1,908,112
Interests in associates                       18       786,085         685,290
Interests in joint ventures                   19       682,351         709,482
Other financial assets                        20      2,387,159      2,125,574
Deferred tax assets                           33       186,776         113,026
Deposits, prepayments and other receivables   23       619,077         796,570
Bank deposits                                 26       740,000         200,000

                                                     19,537,225     17,812,614

Current assets
Inventories                                   21      3,138,664      2,554,861
Trade receivables                             22      5,869,223      3,937,967
Deposits, prepayments and other receivables   23       672,655         693,224
Bills receivables                             24      3,685,282      2,602,551
Amounts due from related companies            42       157,313         195,643
Amounts due from joint ventures               42       129,531         100,048
Structured bank deposits                      25      1,077,054      3,574,859
Bank deposits, balances and cash              26     12,015,223     10,298,007

                                                     26,744,945     23,957,160




                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023   65
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     At 31 December 2023




                                                                                              2023             2022
                                                                              Note        RMB’000          RMB’000

     Current liabilities
     Trade payables                                                            27         2,426,115       1,507,986
     Other payables                                                            28         5,978,313       5,355,516
     Contract liabilities                                                      31          326,205          799,458
     Bills payables                                                            29          415,624          502,079
     Amounts due to related companies                                          42            21,436         104,938
     Amounts due to joint ventures                                             42            35,587         130,860
     Lease liabilities                                                         32          149,627          142,071
     Tax liabilities                                                                       379,450          261,608
     Bank borrowings                                                           30          450,216          153,484

                                                                                         10,182,573       8,958,000

     Net current assets                                                                  16,562,372      14,999,160

     Total assets less current liabilities                                               36,099,597      32,811,774

     Non-current liabilities
     Other payables                                                            28          399,684          270,917
     Lease liabilities                                                         32          107,058          258,039
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                  33          574,843          611,993
     Bank borrowings                                                           30                 –          28,950

                                                                                          1,081,585       1,169,899

     Net assets                                                                          35,018,012      31,641,875

     Capital and reserves
     Share capital                                                             35        10,899,412      10,899,412
     Reserves                                                                            22,303,796      19,298,122

     Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                        33,203,208      30,197,534
     Non-controlling interests                                                            1,814,804       1,444,341

     Total equity                                                                        35,018,012      31,641,875


     The consolidated financial statements on pages 63 to 155 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of
     Directors on 20 March 2024 and are signed on its behalf by:




                                 CAI Dongchen                              CHAK Kin Man
                                  DIRECTOR                                    DIRECTOR


66   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2023



                                                                                         Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                             Equity attributable to non-controlling interests
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Employee
                                                                                  Employee                                                                                                     share-based
                                                                   Treasury     share-based                                             Capital                                               compensation          Share of net
                                                         Share        share    compensation             Other       Statutory      contribution    Translation    Accumulated                    reserve of           assets of
                                                        capital     reserve          reserve         reserve         reserves          reserve        reserve          profits      Sub-total a subsidiary          subsidiaries         Sub-total       Total
                                                       RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                                                      (note a)         (note b)         (note c)

At 1 January 2022                                     10,899,412    (85,600)          17,671       (4,050,831)      1,917,652            46,794        (28,446)     17,270,020     25,986,672           3,570           837,989            841,559    26,828,231

Profit for the year                                            –          –                –                –                –                –              –       6,091,390      6,091,390                –          140,660            140,660     6,232,050
Other comprehensive income for the year, net
   of income tax                                               –          –                –          13,013                 –                –        50,493                 –        63,506                –                 –                 –        63,506

Total comprehensive income for the year                        –          –                –          13,013                 –                –        50,493        6,091,390      6,154,896                –          140,660            140,660     6,295,556

Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                    –          –                –                –                –                –              –                –              –               –           (20,475)          (20,475)      (20,475)
Capital contribution from non-controlling
    interests                                                  –          –                –                –               –                 –              –                –              –               –            51,868            51,868         51,868
Dividends recognised as distribution                           –          –                –                –               –                 –              –      (2,096,961)    (2,096,961)               –                 –                 –    (2,096,961)
Repurchase and cancellation of issued shares                   –          –                –                –               –                 –              –          (14,211)       (14,211)              –                 –                 –        (14,211)
Transfer to statutory reserves                                 –          –                –                –         138,005                 –              –        (138,005)              –               –                 –                 –              –
Recognition of employee share-based
    compensation expense                                       –          –            6,904                –                –          149,780              –                –      156,684             4,042                 –             4,042      160,726
Acquisition of a subsidiary and additional
    interests in subsidiaries                                  –          –                –                –                –                –              –          10,454         10,454                –          426,687            426,687      437,141
Vesting of shares under share award scheme                     –      1,890          (15,100)               –                –                –              –          13,210              –                –                –                  –            –

At 31 December 2022                                   10,899,412    (83,710)           9,475       (4,037,818)      2,055,657           196,574        22,047       21,135,897     30,197,534           7,612          1,436,729         1,444,341    31,641,875


At 1 January 2023                                     10,899,412    (83,710)           9,475      (4,037,818)       2,055,657           196,574        22,047       21,135,897     30,197,534           7,612          1,436,729         1,444,341    31,641,875

Profit for the year                                            –          –                –                –                –                –              –       5,873,325      5,873,325                –          199,368            199,368     6,072,693
Other comprehensive expense for the year, net
   of income tax                                               –          –                –           (6,003)               –                –       (17,544)                –       (23,547)               –                 –                 –       (23,547)

Total comprehensive (expense)/income for the
   year                                                        –          –                –           (6,003)               –                –       (17,544)       5,873,325      5,849,778                –          199,368            199,368     6,049,146

Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                    –          –                –                –                –                –              –                –              –               –           (26,003)          (26,003)      (26,003)
Capital contribution from non-controlling
    interests                                                  –          –                –                –               –                 –              –         206,688        206,688                –          317,304            317,304       523,992
Purchase of shares under share award scheme                    –   (254,348)               –           (4,248)              –                 –              –               –       (258,596)               –                –                  –      (258,596)
Dividends recognised as distribution                           –          –                –                –               –                 –              –      (2,726,253)    (2,726,253)               –                –                  –    (2,726,253)
Repurchase and cancellation of issued shares                   –          –                –                –               –                 –              –        (200,358)      (200,358)               –                –                  –      (200,358)
Transfer to statutory reserves                                 –          –                –                –         154,187                 –              –        (154,187)             –                –                –                  –             –
Recognition of employee share-based
    compensation expense                                       –          –           42,030                –                –          193,952              –               –        235,982             (890)                –              (890)      235,092
Acquisition of additional interests in subsidiaries            –          –                –                –                –                –              –        (101,567)      (101,567)               –          (119,316)         (119,316)     (220,883)
Vesting of shares under share award scheme                     –     21,844          (23,159)               –                –                –              –           1,315              –                –                 –                 –             –

At 31 December 2023                                   10,899,412   (316,214)          28,346      (4,048,069)       2,209,844           390,526         4,503       24,034,860     33,203,208           6,722          1,808,082         1,814,804    35,018,012




                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023                             67
     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
     For the year ended 31 December 2023



     Notes:


     (a)      The balance in other reserve mainly included an amount of RMB4,030,633,000 which represents the difference between
              the fair value of the deemed consideration under the reverse acquisition of RMB2,631,198,000 and the fair value of
              the consideration paid by the Company of RMB6,661,831,000 in a reverse acquisition on 29 October 2012, and the
              accumulated changes in fair value of financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income
              (“FVTOCI”).


     (b)      The statutory reserves are appropriated from profit after tax of the Company’s subsidiaries in the People’s Republic of China
              (the “PRC”) under the laws and regulations of the PRC.


     (c)      The balance in capital contribution reserve mainly included the deemed contribution by CSPC Holdings Company Limited
              (“CHL”), a related company as defined in note 42, which comprises (i) the difference between the carrying amount of the
              net assets of entities comprising Robust Sun Holdings Limited (“Robust Sun”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as
              the “Robust Sun Group”) and the consideration paid to CHL and its subsidiaries during group reorganisation under Robust
              Sun Group in 2012; (ii) the imputed interest on a non-interest bearing loan from CHL in 2012; and (iii) deemed capital
              contribution arising from the acquisition of CSPC Shengxue Glucose Co., Ltd. from CHL in 2016; and (iv) deemed capital
              contribution arising from the grant of share awards to employees of the Group in 2022 by a shareholder.




68   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                   2023            2022
                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000

Operating activities
Profit before tax                                                             7,389,372       7,582,261
Adjustments for:
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                 867,252         802,592
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                           164,077         152,869
  Depreciation of investment property                                             3,305           2,126
  Amortisation of intangible assets                                              82,856          90,352
  Gain on lease termination                                                        (188)              –
  Finance costs                                                                  25,896          24,891
  Government grant income                                                      (215,702)       (195,005)
  Fair value loss/(gain) on financial assets measured at fair value through
    profit or loss                                                              210,712        (100,905)
  Fair value gain on structured bank deposits                                   (87,228)       (117,435)
  Interest income                                                              (259,881)       (242,528)
  Imputed interest income on amount due from a joint venture                          –          (16,308)
  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                              22,226            7,361
  Impairment loss recognised on intangible assets                                42,315           72,105
  Impairment loss recognised/(reversed) under expected credit loss
    model                                                                        18,412         (25,734)
  Reversal of write-down of inventories                                             (57)          (1,170)
  Employee share-based compensation expenses                                    235,092         160,726
  Share of results of associates                                                 41,065          42,509
  Share of results of joint ventures                                             13,131         (27,114)
  Gains on deemed disposal of partial interests in an associate and a
    joint venture                                                                (32,861)       (48,065)

Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                       8,519,794      8,163,528
Increase in inventories                                                         (583,746)        (42,750)
Increase in trade receivables                                                 (1,973,267)      (566,548)
Decrease/(increase) in deposits, prepayments and other receivables                20,569         (62,648)
(Increase)/decrease in bills receivables                                      (1,327,959)       270,202
Decrease/(increase) in amounts due from related companies                         38,330         (95,508)
Increase in amounts due from joint ventures                                      (29,483)        (60,265)
Decrease in amount due from an associate                                               –              400
Increase in trade payables                                                       918,129          18,445
(Decrease)/increase in contract liabilities                                     (473,253)       371,014
(Decrease)/increase in bills payables                                            (86,455)       360,821
Increase in other payables                                                       445,900        466,580
Increase in deferred government grants                                           198,180          97,616
Decrease in amounts due to joint ventures                                        (95,273)          (5,267)
(Decrease)/increase in amounts due to related companies                          (83,502)         46,028

Cash generated from operations                                                 5,487,964      8,961,648
Income tax paid                                                               (1,309,149)    (1,334,584)

Net cash from operating activities                                            4,178,815       7,627,064



                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023     69
     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                     2023           2022
                                                                         Note    RMB’000       RMB’000

     Investing activities
     Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                  (1,623,688)   (2,220,218)
     Purchase of right-of-use assets                                                  (247)       (17,937)
     Refund of deposits paid for acquisition of right-of-use assets                      –         24,000
     Placement of deposits paid for acquisition of right-of-use assets              (3,700)             –
     Purchase of intangible assets                                                (265,432)     (484,537)
     Purchase of other financial assets                                           (532,818)     (103,165)
     Capital injection to an associate                                            (109,000)       (51,000)
     Capital injection to a joint venture                                           (6,000)     (159,891)
     Receipts of government grants                                                 114,788         41,803
     Placement of structured bank deposits                                      (1,890,000)   (5,210,000)
     Withdrawal of structured bank deposits                                      4,475,033     3,195,989
     Placement of pledged and restricted bank deposits                             (79,489)       (53,222)
     Withdrawal of pledged and restricted bank deposits                            132,266              –
     Placement of bank deposits                                                 (2,040,000)   (1,970,000)
     Withdrawal of bank deposits                                                 2,220,000       150,000
     Interest received                                                             259,881       242,528
     Dividend received from a joint venture                                         20,000         65,509
     Dividend received from an associate                                                 –          6,054
     Proceeds from distribution of other financial assets                           54,277         73,177
     Acquisition of subsidiaries                                         36              –      (341,907)
     Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                       139,992         16,833
     Purchase of shares under share award scheme                                  (258,596)             –

     Net cash from/(used in) investing activities                                 607,267     (6,795,984)

     Financing activities
     Dividends paid                                                             (2,726,253)   (2,096,961)
     Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                   (26,003)       (20,475)
     Repurchase and cancellation of issued shares                                 (200,358)       (14,211)
     Interest on lease liabilities                                                 (13,635)       (13,451)
     Interest on bank borrowings                                                    (2,356)         (8,087)
     Payment of lease liabilities                                                 (138,590)     (125,239)
     New bank borrowings raised                                                          –       485,712
     Repayment of bank borrowings                                                  (27,840)     (495,712)
     Advances drawn on bills discounted with recourse                              530,945       368,726
     Capital contribution from non-controlling interests                           523,992         51,868
     Acquisition of additional interests in subsidiaries                          (220,883)       (36,243)

     Net cash used in financing activities                                      (2,300,981)   (1,904,073)

     Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                        2,485,101    (1,072,993)
     Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                      8,000,852    9,059,709
     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                         4,892        14,136

     Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December,
       represented by bank balances and cash                             26     10,490,845    8,000,852


70   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



1.    General Information
      CSPC Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”) is a public limited company incorporated in Hong
      Kong and its shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). The
      address of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company is disclosed in the “Corporate
      Information” section of this annual report.


      The Company acts as an investment holding company and its subsidiaries (hereinafter together with the
      Company referred to as the “Group”) are principally engaged in the manufacture and sale of pharmaceutical
      products. Details of the subsidiaries are set out in note 45.


      The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional
      currency of the Company.


2.    Application of New and Amendments to HKFRSs
      New and amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
      In the current year, the Group has applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs issued by the Hong
      Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) for the first time, which are mandatorily effective
      for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January 2023 for the preparation of the consolidated financial
      statements:


      HKFRS 17 (including the October 2020          Insurance Contracts
         and February 2022 Amendments to
         HKFRS 17)
      Amendments to HKAS 8                          Definition of Accounting Estimates
      Amendments to HKAS 12                         Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single
                                                      Transaction
      Amendments to HKAS 12                         Income Taxes International Tax Reform-Pillar
                                                      Two Model Rules
      Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS                Disclosure of Accounting Policies
         Practice Statement 2

      Except as described below, the application of the new and other amendments to HKFRSs in the current year
      has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years
      and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023      71
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     2.    Application of New and Amendments to HKFRSs (continued)
           New and amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year (continued)
           Impacts on application of Amendments to HKAS 8 Definition of Accounting Estimates
           The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. The amendments define
           accounting estimates as “monetary amounts in financial statements that are subject to measurement
           uncertainty”. An accounting policy may require items in financial statements to be measured in a way that
           involves measurement uncertainty. In such a case, an entity develops an accounting estimate to achieve
           the objective set out by the accounting policy. The amendments to HKAS 8 clarify the distinction between
           changes in accounting estimates, and changes in accounting policies and the correction of errors.


           The application of the amendments in the current year had no material impact on the consolidated financial
           statements.


           Impacts and changes in accounting policies on application of Amendments to HKAS 12 Deferred
           Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction
           The amendments narrow the scope of the recognition exemption of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax
           assets in paragraphs 15 and 24 of HKAS 12 Income Taxes so that it no longer applies to transactions that, on
           initial recognition, give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.


           In accordance with the transition provision:


           (i)    the Group has applied the new accounting policy retrospectively to leasing transactions that occurred
                  on or after 1 January 2022;


           (ii)   the Group also, as at 1 January 2022, recognised a deferred tax asset (to the extent that it is probable
                  that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised)
                  and a deferred tax liability for all deductible and taxable temporary difference associated with lease
                  liabilities and right-of-use-assets.


           The application of the amendments has had no material impact on the Group’s financial position and
           performance, except that the Group disclose the related deferred tax assets of RMB23,511,000 and deferred
           tax liabilities of RMB23,511,000 on a gross basis as at 1 January 2022 in note 33 but it has no impact on the
           retained earnings at the earliest period presented.




72   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.    Application of New and Amendments to HKFRSs (continued)
      New and amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year (continued)
      Impacts on application of Amendments to HKAS 12 Income Taxes International Tax Reform Pillar
      Two model Rules
      HKAS 12 is amended to add the exception to recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax
      assets and liabilities that are related to tax law enacted or substantively enacted to implement the Pillar Two
      model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the “Pillar Two
      legislation”). The amendments require that entities apply the amendments immediately upon issuance and
      retrospectively. The amendments also require that entities to disclose separately its current tax expense
      related to Pillar Two income taxes in periods which the Pillar Two legislation is in effect, and the qualitative
      and quantitative information about its exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in periods in which the Pillar Two
      legislation is enacted or substantially enacted but not yet in effect in annual reporting periods beginning on or
      after 1 January 2023.


      The Group is within the scope of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development’s Pillar Two
      model rules. Pillar Two legislation was enacted and will come into effect from 1 January 2024 in one of the
      jurisdictions in which the Group operates (the “Enacted Jurisdiction”). Since the Pillar Two legislation was
      not effective at the reporting date, the Group has no related current tax exposure. The Group has applied
      the exception to recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to
      Pillar Two income taxes, as provided in the amendments to HKAS 12 issued in July 2023. The Group is in
      the process of assessing its exposure to the Pillar Two legislation for the Enacted Jurisdiction when it comes
      into effect, based on management’s preliminary assessment, the average effective tax rate (calculated in
      accordance with paragraph 86 of HKAS12) of the entity operating in the Enacted Jurisdiction exceeds 15%.


      Due to the complexities in applying the legislation and calculating Global Anti-Base Erosion income, the
      quantitative impact of the enacted or substantively enacted legislation is not yet reasonably estimable. Thus,
      even the entity with an accounting effective tax rate above 15%, there may still be Pillar Two tax implications.
      The Company is currently engaged with tax specialists to assist with applying the legislation.


      Impacts on application of Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2 Disclosure of
      Accounting Policies
      The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. HKAS 1 Presentation of Financial
      Statements is amended to replace all instances of the term “significant accounting policies” with “material
      accounting policy information”. Accounting policy information is material if, when considered together with
      other information included in an entity’s financial statements, it can reasonably be expected to influence
      decisions that the primary users of general-purpose financial statements make on the basis of those financial
      statements.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023     73
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     2.    Application of New and Amendments to HKFRSs (continued)
           New and amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year (continued)
           Impacts on application of Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2 Disclosure of
           Accounting Policies (continued)
           The amendments also clarify that accounting policy information may be material because of the nature of
           the related transactions, other events or conditions, even if the amounts are immaterial. However, not all
           accounting policy information relating to material transactions, other events or conditions is itself material. If
           an entity chooses to disclose immaterial accounting policy information, such information must not obscure
           material accounting policy information.


           HKFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements (the “Practice Statement”) is also amended to
           illustrate how an entity applies the “four-step materiality process” to accounting policy disclosures and to
           judge whether information about an accounting policy is material to its financial statements. Guidance and
           examples are added to the Practice Statement.


           The application of the amendments has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and
           performance but has affected the disclosure of the Group’s accounting policies set out in note 3 to the
           consolidated financial statements.


           Amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective
           The Group has not early applied the following amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet
           effective:


           Amendments to HKFRS 10                            Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor
               and HKAS 28                                     and its Associate or Joint Ventures1
           Amendments to HKAS 16                             Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback 2
           Amendments to HKAS 1                              Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and related
                                                               amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020) 2
           Amendments to HKAS 1                              Non-current Liabilities with Covenants 2
           Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7                  Supplier Finance Arrangements 2


           Amendments to HKAS 21                             Lack of Exchangeability 3

           1
                  Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
           2
                  Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024.
           3
                  Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025.


           The directors of the Company (the “Directors”) anticipate that the application of all amendments to HKFRSs
           will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.




74   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




3.    Material Accounting Policy Information
      Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
      The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA.
      For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material
      if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the
      consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing
      of Securities on the Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


      Basis of consolidation
      The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities
      controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:


      •      has power over the investee;
      •      is exposed, or has the rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
      •      has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.


      The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
      changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.


      Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the
      Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed
      of during the year are included in the consolidated income statement from the date when the Group gains
      control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.


      Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and
      to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of
      the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a
      deficit balance.


      Where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting
      policies into line with the Group’s accounting policies.


      All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between
      members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.


      Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which
      represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the
      relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023   75
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     3.    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
           Basis of consolidation (continued)
           Changes in the Group’s interests in existing subsidiaries
           Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the
           subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant
           components of equity and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative
           interests in the subsidiaries, including re-attribution of relevant reserves between the Group and the non-
           controlling interests according to the Group’s and the non-controlling interests’ proportionate interests.


           Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the fair value of
           the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.


           Business combinations or asset acquisitions
           Optional concentration test
           The Group can elect to apply an optional concentration test, on a transaction-by-transaction basis, that
           permits a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a business. The
           concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a
           single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. The gross assets under assessment exclude
           cash and cash equivalents, deferred tax assets, and goodwill resulting from the effects of deferred tax
           liabilities. If the concentration test is met, the set of activities and assets is determined not to be a business
           and no further assessment is needed.


           Business combinations
           A business is an integrated set of activities and assets which includes an input and a substantive process
           that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired processes are considered
           substantive if they are critical to the ability to continue producing outputs, including an organised workforce
           with the necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to perform the related processes or they significantly
           contribute to the ability to continue producing outputs and are considered unique or scarce or cannot be
           replaced without significant cost, effort, or delay in the ability to continue producing outputs.


           Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in
           a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair
           values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the
           acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-
           related costs are generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.


           The identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of an asset and a liability in
           the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting 2018 issued in June 2018 (the “Conceptual Framework”)
           except for transactions and events within the scope of HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC) — Int 21, in which the Group
           applies HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC) — Int 21 instead of the Conceptual Framework to identify the liabilities it has
           assumed in a business combination. Contingent assets are not recognised.




76   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




3.    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      Business combinations or asset acquisitions (continued)
      Business combinations (continued)
      At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair
      value, except that:


      •      deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are
             recognised and measured in accordance with HKAS 12 Income Taxes and HKAS 19 Employee Benefits
             respectively;
      •      liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or share-
             based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment arrangements
             of the acquiree are measured in accordance with HKFRS 2 at the acquisition date (see the accounting
             policy below);
      •      assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with HKFRS 5 Non-current
             Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that standard; and
      •      lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments
             (as defined in HKFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except for
             leases for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the underlying
             asset is of low value. Right-of-use assets are recognised and measured at the same amount as
             the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when
             compared with market terms.


      Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
      controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the
      acquiree (if any) over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as at
      acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
      assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in
      the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is
      recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.


      Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share
      of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially measured at the non-controlling
      interests’ proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets or at fair
      value. The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023     77
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     3.    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
           Business combinations or asset acquisitions (continued)
           Business combinations (continued)
           When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes a contingent
           consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition-date fair value and
           included as part of the consideration transferred in a business combination. Changes in the fair value of
           the contingent consideration that qualify as measurement period adjustments are adjusted retrospectively.
           Measurement period adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional information obtained during
           the “measurement period” (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition date) about facts and
           circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.


           The subsequent accounting for the contingent consideration that does not qualify as measurement period
           adjustment depends on how the contingent consideration is classified. Contingent consideration that is
           classified as equity is not remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent settlement is
           accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration that is classified as an asset or a liability is remeasured
           to fair value at subsequent reporting dates, with the corresponding gain or loss being recognised in profit or
           loss.


           Goodwill
           Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of
           the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any.


           For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units
           (“CGU”s) (or group of CGUs) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, which
           represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and not larger
           than an operating segment.


           A CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually or more
           frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in a
           reporting period, the CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment
           before the end of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the
           impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets
           on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of CGUs).


           On disposal of the relevant CGU or any of the CGU within the group of CGUs, the attributable amount of
           goodwill is included in the determination of the amount of profit or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes
           of an operation within the CGU (or a CGU within a group of CGUs), the amount of goodwill disposed of is
           measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the CGU) disposed of and the portion of the
           CGU (or the group of CGUs) retained.


           The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate and a joint venture is described
           below.




78   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




3.    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      Investments in associates and joint ventures
      An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to
      participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over
      those policies.


      A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have
      rights to the net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of
      an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of
      the parties sharing control.


      The results and assets and liabilities of associate and joint ventures are incorporated in these consolidated
      financial statements using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of associates and joint
      ventures used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies as those of the
      Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances. Under the equity method, an investment in
      an associate or a joint venture is initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost
      and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income
      of the associate or joint venture. Changes in net assets of the associate or joint venture other than profit or
      loss and other comprehensive income are not accounted for unless such changes resulted in changes in
      ownership interest held by the Group. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate or a joint venture
      exceeds the Group’s interest in that associate or joint venture (which includes any long-term interests that, in
      substance, form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate or joint venture), the Group discontinues
      recognising its share of further losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the extent that the Group has
      incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate or joint venture.


      An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method from the date on
      which the investee becomes an associate or a joint venture. On acquisition of the investment in an associate
      or a joint venture, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the
      identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying
      amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and
      liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the
      period in which the investment is acquired.


      The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate or a joint venture
      may be impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including
      goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with HKAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable
      amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment
      loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the
      investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with HKAS 36 to the extent that
      the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023      79
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     3.    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
           Investments in associates and joint ventures (continued)
           When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over a joint venture, it is
           accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in the investee with a resulting gain or loss being recognised
           in profit or loss. When the Group retains an interest in the former associate or joint venture and the retained
           interest is a financial asset within the scope of HKFRS 9, the Group measures the retained interest at fair value
           at that date and the fair value is regarded as its fair value on initial recognition. The difference between the
           carrying amount of the associate or joint venture and the fair value of any retained interest and any proceeds
           from disposing of the relevant interest in the associate or joint venture is included in the determination of the
           gain or loss on disposal of the associate or joint venture. In addition, the Group accounts for all amounts
           previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that associate or joint venture on the same
           basis as would be required if that associate or joint venture had directly disposed of the related assets or
           liabilities. Therefore, if a gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income by that associate
           or joint venture would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities, the
           Group reclassifies the gain or loss from equity to profit or loss (as a reclassification adjustment) upon disposal/
           partial disposal of the relevant associate or joint venture.


           When a group entity transacts with an associate or a joint venture of the Group, profits and losses resulting
           from the transactions with the associate or joint venture are recognised in the consolidated financial
           statements only to the extent of interest in the associate or joint venture that is not related to the Group.


           Changes in the Group’s interests in associates and joint ventures
           The Group continues to use the equity method when an investment in an associate becomes an investment
           in a joint venture or an investment in a joint venture becomes an investment in an associate. There is no
           remeasurement to fair value upon such changes in ownership interests.


           When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate or a joint venture but the Group continues
           to use the equity method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or loss that had
           previously been recognised in other comprehensive income relating to that reduction in ownership interest if
           that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities.


           Revenue from contracts with customers
           Information about the Group’s accounting policies relating to contracts with customers is provided in note 5.


           Leases
           Definition of a lease
           A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for
           a period of time in exchange for consideration.




80   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




3.    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      Leases (continued)
      The Group as a lessee
      Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
      For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components,
      the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative
      stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.


      The Group also applies practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease component,
      and instead accounts for the lease component and any associated non-lease components as a single lease
      component.


      Right-of-use assets
      The cost of right-of-use asset includes:


      •      the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
      •      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;
      •      any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and
      •      an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets,
             restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by
             the terms and conditions of the lease.


      Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and
      adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.


      Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of their estimated useful lives and
      the lease terms.


      The Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property as a separate
      line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.


      Lease liabilities
      At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the present
      value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the
      Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the
      lease is not readily determinable.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023     81
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     3.    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
           Leases (continued)
           The Group as a lessee (continued)
           Lease liabilities (continued)
           The lease payments include:


           •      fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;


           After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.


           The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.


           Lease modifications
           For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability
           based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised
           discount rate at the effective date of the modification.


           The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to the
           relevant right-of-use asset.


           Employment benefits
           Short-term employee benefits
           Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be
           paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an
           expense unless another HKFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.


           A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries and annual leave) after
           deducting any amount already paid.


           Share-based payments
           Equity-settled share-based payments transactions
           Share options granted to employees
           Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured at the
           fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.




82   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




3.    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      Share-based payments (continued)
      Equity-settled share-based payments transactions (continued)
      Share options granted to employees (continued)
      The fair value of the share options determined at the grant date without taking into consideration all non-
      market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s
      estimate of share options that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (employee share-
      based compensation reserve). At the end of the reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number
      of share options expected to vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The
      impact of the revision of the original estimate, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative
      expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based payment reserve.


      When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in employee share-based compensation
      reserve will be transferred to share capital. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date
      or are still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in employee share-based
      compensation reserve will be transferred to accumulated profits.


      Awarded shares granted to employees
      For grants of awarded shares that are conditional upon satisfying specified vesting conditions, the fair value
      of services received is determined by reference to the fair value of awarded shares at the grant date and is
      expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of awarded shares
      that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (employee share-based compensation
      reserve).


      At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of awarded shares that are
      expected to ultimately vest. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit
      or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to
      equity (employee share-based compensation reserve).


      When trustee of the share award scheme purchases the Company’s shares from the open market, the
      consideration paid, including any directly attributable incremental costs, is deducted from total equity and is
      presented as treasury share reserve. No gain or loss is recognised on the transactions of the Company’s own
      shares.


      When the trustee transfers the Company’s granted shares to grantees upon vesting, the related costs of the
      granted shares vested are reversed from the treasury share reserve and the related expense of the granted
      shares vested is reversed from employee share-based compensation reserve. The difference arising from such
      transfer is debited/credited to accumulated profits.


      Taxation
      Income tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred income tax expense.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023     83
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     3.    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
           Taxation (continued)
           The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit before tax
           because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable
           or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or
           substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.


           Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
           the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable
           profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets
           are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable
           profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred
           tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other
           than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit
           nor the accounting profit and at the time of the transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible
           temporary differences. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises
           from the initial recognition of goodwill.


           Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
           subsidiaries and interests in associates or joint ventures, except where the Group is able to control the
           reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the
           foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such
           investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient
           taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to
           reverse in the foreseeable future.


           The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to
           the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the
           asset to be recovered.


           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in
           which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted
           or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.


           The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from
           the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying
           amount of its assets and liabilities.


           For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the right-
           of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are
           attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.




84   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




3.    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      Taxation (continued)
      For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies
      HKAS 12 requirements to the lease liabilities and the related assets separately. The Group recognises a
      deferred tax assets related to lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available
      against which the deductible temporary differences can be utilised and a deferred tax liability for all taxable
      temporary differences.


      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets
      against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the
      same taxation authority.


      Current and deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except when it relates to items that are recognised
      in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also
      recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax
      arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for
      the business combination.


      Property, plant and equipment
      Property, plant and equipment including buildings and tangible assets that are held for use in the production
      or supply of goods or services, or for administrative purposes (other than construction in progress as
      described below) are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost, less subsequent
      accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.


      Buildings in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are carried at cost,
      less any recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the
      location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management,
      including costs of testing whether the related assets is functioning properly and, for qualifying assets,
      borrowing costs capitalised in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy. Depreciation of these assets,
      on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.


      When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which include both leasehold land
      and building elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the building
      elements in proportion to the relative fair values at initial recognition. To the extent the allocation of the
      relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in leasehold land is presented as “right-of-use assets” in the
      consolidated statement of financial position. When the consideration cannot be allocated reliably between
      non-lease building element and undivided interest in the underlying leasehold land, the entire properties are
      classified as property, plant and equipment.


      A property becomes an investment property because its use has changed as evidenced by end of owner-
      occupation.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023       85
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     3.    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
           Property, plant and equipment (continued)
           Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets less their residual values over their estimated
           useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation
           method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate
           accounted for on a prospective basis.


           An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic
           benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal
           or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales
           proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is included in profit or loss.


           Intangible assets
           Intangible assets acquired separately
           Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less accumulated
           amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets with finite useful
           lives is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful lives and
           amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in
           estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible assets not yet available for use that are
           acquired separately are not amortised but tested individually for impairment annually and carried at cost less
           any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.


           Internally-generated intangible assets — research and development expenditure
           Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.


           An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development phase of
           an internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:


           •      the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;
           •      the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;
           •      the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;
           •      how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;
           •      the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and
                  to use or sell the intangible asset; and
           •      the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its
                  development.




86   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




3.    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      Intangible assets (continued)
      Internally-generated intangible assets — research and development expenditure (continued)
      The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure incurred
      from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no internally-
      generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is recognised in profit or loss in the
      period in which it is incurred.


      Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible asset are reported at cost less accumulated
      amortisation and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible assets that are
      acquired separately.


      Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
      Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and are initially
      recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).


      Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite useful lives
      are reported at cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses, on the same
      basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately. Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
      not yet available for use or with indefinite useful lives are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated
      impairment losses.


      An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from
      use or disposal. Gain and loss arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the difference
      between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, is recognised in profit or loss when
      the asset is derecognised.


      Bank deposits, balances and cash
      Bank balances and cash include:


      (a)    cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits, and


      (b)    cash equivalents, which comprises of short-term (generally with original maturity of three months or
             less), highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and which are
             subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value and restricted deposits. Cash equivalents are held
             for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather than for investment or other purposes.


      For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of bank
      balance and cash as defined above.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023     87
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     3.    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
           Bank deposits, balances and cash (continued)
           Bank balances for which use by the Group is subject to third party contractual restrictions are included as part
           of cash unless the restrictions result in a bank balance no longer meeting the definition of cash. Contractual
           restrictions affecting use of bank balances are disclosed in note 26.


           Inventories
           Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are determined on
           a weighted average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less
           all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale
           include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must
           incur to make the sale.


           Provisions
           Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past
           event, and it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable estimate can be
           made of the amount of the obligation.


           The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present
           obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the
           obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation,
           its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is
           material).


           Financial instruments
           Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual
           provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and
           derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets
           that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market
           place.


           Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising
           from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with HKFRS 15. Transaction
           costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other
           than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)) are added to or
           deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.
           Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are
           recognised immediately in profit or loss.




88   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




3.    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      Financial instruments (continued)
      The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial
      liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest
      rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees
      and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and
      other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where
      appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.


      Financial assets
      Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
      Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:


      •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows;
             and
      •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
             and interest on the principal amount outstanding.


      Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at FVTOCI:


      •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and
             collecting contractual cash flows; and
      •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
             and interest on the principal amount outstanding.


      All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial recognition of a financial
      asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment
      in other comprehensive income (“OCI”) if that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent
      consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which HKFRS 3 Business Combinations
      applies.


      A financial asset is held for trading if:


      •      it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or
      •      on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
             together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
      •      it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.


      In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at the
      amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting
      mismatch.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023      89
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     3.    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
           Financial instruments (continued)
           Financial assets (continued)
           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)
           (i)     Amortised cost and interest income
                   Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured
                   subsequently at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate
                   to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently
                   become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-
                   impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost
                   of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial
                   instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is
                   recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset
                   from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-
                   impaired.


           (ii)    Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI
                   Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains and
                   losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in OCI and accumulated in other reserve; and are
                   not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or
                   loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to accumulated profits.


                   Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the
                   Group’s right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery
                   of part of the cost of the investment. Dividends are included in the “other income” line item in profit or
                   loss.


           (iii)   Financial assets at FVTPL
                   Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or
                   designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.


                   Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any
                   fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss
                   excludes any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the “other gains and
                   losses” line item.




90   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




3.    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      Financial instruments (continued)
      Financial assets (continued)
      Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9
      The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial assets
      (including trade receivables, other receivables, bills receivables, amounts due from related companies and
      joint ventures, structured bank deposits, bank deposits, pledged and restricted bank deposits and bank
      balances) which are subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at
      each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.


      Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the
      relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is
      expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessment
      is done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the
      debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date
      as well as the forecast of future conditions.


      The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables and trade receivables due from related
      companies.


      For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when there has
      been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognises lifetime
      ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the
      likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.


      (i)    Significant increase in credit risk
             In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
             compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the
             risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this
             assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and
             supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without
             undue cost or effort.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023      91
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     3.    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
           Financial instruments (continued)
           Financial assets (continued)
           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (continued)
           (i)    Significant increase in credit risk (continued)
                  In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
                  increased significantly:


                  •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available)
                         or internal credit rating;
                  •      significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in
                         the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;
                  •      existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
                         expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;
                  •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and
                  •      an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                         environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its
                         debt obligations.


                  Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has
                  increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past
                  due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.


                  The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a
                  significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable
                  of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.


           (ii)   Definition of default
                  For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information
                  developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its
                  creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).


                  Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more
                  than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate
                  that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.




92   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




3.    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      Financial instruments (continued)
      Financial assets (continued)
      Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (continued)
      (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets
              A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the
              estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is
              credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:


              (a)    significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;


              (b)    a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;


              (c)    the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
                     financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not
                     otherwise consider;


              (d)    it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;
                     or


              (e)    the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.


      (iv)    Write-off policy
              The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is
              in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the
              counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the
              case of trade receivables and trade receivables due from related companies, when the amounts are
              over two years past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written off may still be subject to
              enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where
              appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in
              profit or loss.


      (v)     Measurement and recognition of ECL
              The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude
              of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default
              and loss given default is based on historical data and forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL
              reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of
              default occurring as the weights. The Group uses a practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade
              receivables using a provision matrix taking into consideration historical credit loss experience, adjusted
              for forward looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023      93
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     3.    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
           Financial instruments (continued)
           Financial assets (continued)
           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (continued)
           (v)    Measurement and recognition of ECL (continued)
                  Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
                  accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the
                  effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.


                  Lifetime ECL for certain trade receivables are considered based on provision matrix taking into
                  consideration past due information and relevant credit information such as forward looking
                  macroeconomic information.


                  Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the
                  financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost
                  of the financial asset.


                  The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by
                  adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables and trade receivables due
                  from related companies, where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance
                  account.


           Derecognition of financial assets
           The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset
           expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the
           asset to another entity.


           On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying
           amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.


           On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition to
           measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the other reserve is not reclassified
           to profit or loss, but is transferred to accumulated profits.




94   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




3.    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      Financial instruments (continued)
      Financial liabilities and equity
      Classification as debt or equity
      Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the
      substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.


      Equity instruments
      An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting
      all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of
      direct issue costs.


      Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity. No gain
      or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity
      instruments.


      Financial liabilities
      All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method or at
      FVTPL.


      Financial liabilities at amortised cost
      Financial liabilities (including trade payables, other payables, bills payables, amounts due to related companies
      and joint ventures and bank borrowings) are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective
      interest method.


      Derecognition of financial liabilities
      The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
      cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised
      and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023      95
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     4.    Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty
           In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the Directors are required
           to make estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily
           apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are based on historical experience
           and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

           The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting
           estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period,
           or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

           The followings are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty
           at the end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the
           carrying amounts of assets within the next financial year.

           Provision of ECL for trade receivables
           Trade receivables with major customers and credit-impaired are assessed for ECL individually.

           In addition, the Group uses practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables which are not assessed
           individually using a provision matrix. The provision rates are based on debtors’ aging as groupings of various
           debtors taking into consideration the Group’s historical default rates and forward-looking information that is
           reasonable and supportable available without undue costs or effort. At every reporting date, the historical
           observed default rates are reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information are considered.

           As at 31 December 2023, the carrying amount of trade receivables amounting to RMB5,869,223,000 (2022:
           RMB3,937,967,000) were net of impairment allowance under ECL model. The provision of ECL is sensitive to
           changes in estimates. The information about the ECL is disclosed in note 40.

           Estimated impairment assessment of intangible assets not yet available for use
           For intangible assets not yet available for use, the Group would assess the assets individually for impairment
           annually. In determining whether an asset is impaired, the Group has to exercise judgment and make
           estimation, particularly in assessing: (1) whether an event has occurred or any indicators that may affect the
           asset value; (2) whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported by the recoverable amount, in the
           case of value in use, the net present value of future cash flows which are estimated based upon the continued
           use of the asset; and (3) the appropriate key assumptions to be applied in estimating the recoverable
           amounts including cash flow projections and an appropriate discount rate. When it is not possible to estimate
           the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU to
           which the assets belong, including allocation of corporate assets when a reasonable and consistent basis
           of allocation can be established, otherwise recoverable amount is determined at the smallest group of cash
           generating units, for which the relevant corporate assets have been allocated. Changing the assumptions and
           estimates, including the discount rates or the growth rate in the cash flow projections, could materially affect
           the recoverable amounts.

           As at 31 December 2023, the carrying amounts of intangible assets not yet available for use amounted
           to RMB1,406,354,000 (2022: RMB1,513,848,000). The information of the assessment of impairment of
           intangible assets not yet available for use is disclosed in note 17.




96   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




5.    Revenue and Segment Information
                                                                                             2023              2022
                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000
      Sale of goods                                                                    31,415,409        30,751,087
      Licence fee income                                                                   34,700          185,817

                                                                                       31,450,109        30,936,904


      Information reported to executive directors, being the chief operating decision maker, for the purposes of
      resource allocation and assessment of segment performance focuses on types of goods delivered.


      The Group’s reportable segments under HKFRS 8 Operating Segments are as follows:


      (a)    Finished drugs — research and development, manufacture and sale of pharmaceutical products and
             licence fee income;


      (b)    Bulk products — manufacture and sale of vitamin C, and antibiotic products in bulk powder form; and


      (c)    Functional food and others — manufacture and sale of functional food products (including caffeine food
             additives, anhydrous glucose, acarbose and vitamin C buccal tablets), provision of healthcare service
             and others.


      Bulk products of anhydrous glucose and acarbose were included in the segment of bulk products (antibiotics
      and others) segment in prior years. With the aim of strengthening synergy in business development, the
      Group’s operating segments have been reorganised. Bulk products of anhydrous glucose and acarbose are
      now being managed and reported in the segment of functional food and others. Comparative figures have
      been restated to conform with current year’s presentation.


      Sale of goods
      Revenue is recognised at a point in time upon control of the goods has transferred, being when the goods
      have been delivered to the customer’s specific location. Following delivery, the customer bears the risks of
      obsolescence and loss in relation to the goods. The normal credit term is 90 days upon delivery.


      The transaction price received by the Group is recognised as a contract liability until the goods have been
      delivered to the customer.


      As at 31 December 2023, all outstanding sales contracts are expected to be fulfilled within one year. As
      permitted under HKFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023    97
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     5.    Revenue and Segment Information (continued)
           Licence fee income
           The Group provides licence of its patented intellectual property (“IP”) or commercialisation licence to
           customers and revenue is recognised when the customers obtain rights to access or use the underlying IP or
           licence. Licence fee income is recognised at a point in time upon the customer obtains control of IP.


           The consideration for licence comprises a fixed element (the upfront payment) and variable elements (including
           but not limited to development milestones and royalties).


           For licence associated with customers’ right to use, upfront fee received is recorded under contract liabilities
           and recognised as revenue only when customers have ability to use the licence and variable consideration
           is recognised only to the extent that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant
           revenue reversal in the future.


           Segment revenues and results
           The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by operating and reportable segments.


           For the year ended 31 December 2023


                                                                                          Functional
                                                   Finished        Bulk products           food and     Segment
                                                      drugs    Vitamin C    Antibiotics      others         total   Eliminations   Consolidated
                                                   RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000

           SEGMENT REVENUE
           External sales                         25,602,434   1,929,406     1,711,922     2,171,647   31,415,409             —      31,415,409
           Inter-segment sales                            —       11,960       299,812      300,250      612,022       (612,022)             —
           Licence fee income                        34,700           —             —             —       34,700              —          34,700

           TOTAL REVENUE                          25,637,134   1,941,366     2,011,734     2,471,897   32,062,131      (612,022)     31,450,109

           SEGMENT PROFIT                          6,699,897       4,950       154,346      561,525     7,420,718                     7,420,718

           Unallocated income                                                                                                           414,636
           Unallocated expenses                                                                                                        (398,751)
           Share of results of associates                                                                                               (41,065)
           Share of results of joint ventures                                                                                           (13,131)
           Gains on deemed disposal of
              partial interests in an associate
              and a joint venture                                                                                                        32,861
           Finance costs                                                                                                                (25,896)

           Profit before tax                                                                                                          7,389,372




98   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




5.    Revenue and Segment Information (continued)
      Segment revenues and results (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2022 (restated)


                                                                                       Functional
                                               Finished        Bulk products            food and      Segment
                                                  drugs   Vitamin C      Antibiotics      others          total   Eliminations   Consolidated
                                              RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000

      SEGMENT REVENUE
      External sales                         24,334,250   2,529,126      1,502,821     2,384,890    30,751,087             —      30,751,087
      Inter-segment sales                            —       4,285         200,632      182,338       387,255       (387,255)              —
      Licence fee income                       185,817           —               —            —       185,817              —         185,817


      TOTAL REVENUE                          24,520,067   2,533,411      1,703,453     2,567,228    31,324,159      (387,255)     30,936,904



      SEGMENT PROFIT                          6,067,844    442,574         114,155      647,424      7,271,997                     7,271,997



      Unallocated income                                                                                                             535,440
      Unallocated expenses                                                                                                          (232,955)
      Share of results of associates                                                                                                  (42,509)
      Share of results of joint ventures                                                                                              27,114
      Gains on deemed disposal of
         partial interests in an associate
         and a joint venture                                                                                                          48,065
      Finance costs                                                                                                                   (24,891)
      Profit before tax                                                                                                            7,582,261


      Segment profit represents the profit earned by each segment without allocation of interest income, fair value
      changes on structured bank deposits, fair value changes on financial assets measured at FVTPL, central
      administrative expenses, share of results of associates and joint ventures, gains on deemed disposal of partial
      interests in an associate and a joint venture and finance costs. This is the measure reported to the executive
      directors for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment.


      Inter-segment sales are charged at prevailing market rates.


      The executive directors make decisions according to operating results of each segment. No analysis of segment
      asset and segment liability is presented as the executive directors do not regularly review such information
      for the purposes of resources allocation and performance assessment. Therefore, only segment revenue and
      segment results are presented.




                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023            99
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      5.    Revenue and Segment Information (continued)
            Other segment information
            For the year ended 31 December 2023


                                                                                      Functional
                                            Finished        Bulk products              food and     Segment
                                              drugs     Vitamin C     Antibiotics         others        total    Unallocated     Consolidated
                                            RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000

            Depreciation and amortisation    802,101     154,794             76,625       74,107    1,107,627           9,863       1,117,490


            For the year ended 31 December 2022 (restated)


                                                                                       Functional
                                             Finished        Bulk products              food and     Segment
                                               drugs    Vitamin C      Antibiotics        others         total    Unallocated     Consolidated
                                            RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000

            Depreciation and amortisation    751,084     123,182             99,933       64,033    1,038,232           9,707       1,047,939


            Geographical information
            Revenue from the external customers by geographical market (irrespective of the origin of the goods) based
            on the location of customers is presented below:


                                                                                                                 2023                  2022
                                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000

            Mainland China (place of domicile)                                                          27,183,715              26,139,499
            Other Asian regions                                                                          1,582,878               1,735,668
            North America                                                                                   881,801              1,176,218
            Europe                                                                                       1,276,883               1,268,015
            Others                                                                                          524,832                617,504

                                                                                                        31,450,109              30,936,904


            The Group’s operations are substantially based in Mainland China and substantially all non-current assets
            of the Group are located in Mainland China. Therefore, no further analysis of geographical information is
            presented.


            None of the Group’s customers contributed over 10% of the total revenue of the Group for both years.




100   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




6.    Finance Costs
                                                                                                2023               2022
                                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000
      Interest on discounted bills receivables                                                   9,905             3,353
      Interest on lease liabilities                                                             13,635            13,451
      Interest on bank borrowings                                                                2,356             8,087
                                                                                                25,896            24,891


7.    Profit for the Year
                                                                                                2023               2022
                                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000

      Profit for the year has been arrived at after charging/(crediting):
      Staff costs, including directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration
      — salaries, wages and other benefits                                                   4,230,760         4,307,962
      — contribution to retirement benefit schemes                                             241,560           254,686
      — employee share-based compensation expenses (note a)                                    235,092           160,726

      Total staff costs                                                                      4,707,412         4,723,374

      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                            867,252           802,592
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                      164,077           152,869
      Depreciation of investment property                                                        3,305             2,126
      Amortisation of intangible assets                                                         82,856            90,352

      Total depreciation and amortisation                                                    1,117,490         1,047,939

      Auditor’s remuneration                                                                     7,493             7,806
      Government grant income (included in other income) (note 34)                            (215,702)         (195,005)
      Impairment losses recognised/(reversed) under ECL
        model (included in other gains or losses)                                               18,412            (25,734)
      Impairment losses recognised on intangible assets
        (included in other gains or losses)                                                     42,315            72,105
      Interest income (included in other income)                                              (259,881)         (242,528)
      Fair value loss/(gain) on financial assets measured at FVTPL
        (included in other gains or losses)                                                    210,712          (100,905)
      Fair value gain on structured bank deposits
        (included in other gains or losses)                                                     (87,228)        (117,435)
      Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment
        (included in other gains or losses)                                                     22,226             7,361
      Net foreign exchange gains (included in other gains or losses)                          (102,531)         (118,127)


      Notes:


      (a)      The amount mainly included employee share-based compensation expenses of RMB42,030,000 (2022:
               RMB6,904,000) in respect of share options and share awards granted by the Company and RMB193,952,000 (2022:
               RMB149,780,000) in respect of share awards granted by a shareholder of the Company involving the existing
               shares of the Company held by the shareholder.


      (b)      Cost of inventories recognised as an expense approximated cost of sales as shown in the consolidated income
               statement for the both years.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023      101
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      8.    Income Tax Expense
                                                                                                           2023            2022
                                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000

            Current taxation:
               — PRC Corporate Income Tax (“PRC CIT”)                                                1,279,724         1,189,308
               — PRC withholding tax on dividends distributed by subsidiaries                           136,017         133,187
               — Overseas taxation                                                                       11,250          12,965

                                                                                                     1,426,991         1,335,460
            Deferred taxation (note 33)                                                                (110,312)         14,751

                                                                                                     1,316,679         1,350,211


            No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made as the Group did not have any assessable profits for
            both years.


            The standard tax rate of the Company’s PRC subsidiaries is 25% under the law of the PRC on Enterprise
            Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and implementation regulations of the EIT Law. Certain subsidiaries of the
            Company are qualified as High and New Technology Enterprises, and they are subject to a preferential tax rate
            of 15% for a period of 3 years up to 2026.


            Under the EIT Law, dividends distributed by a company established in the PRC to foreign investor with respect
            to profits earned from 1 January 2008 onwards are subject to a withholding tax of 10%. The tax rate will be
            reduced to 5% if such foreign investors meet certain conditions specified in the relevant tax regulations.


            Taxation arising in other jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing in relevant jurisdictions.




102   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




8.    Income Tax Expense (continued)
      The income tax expense for the year can be reconciled to the profit before tax per the consolidated income
      statement as follows:


                                                                                          2023             2022
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000

      Profit before tax                                                              7,389,372        7,582,261

      Tax at the PRC CIT rate of 25%                                                 1,847,343        1,895,565
      Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                            336,924          236,938
      Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                                 (12,652)         (48,207)
      Tax effect of share of results of associates                                      10,266           10,627
      Tax effect of share of results of joint ventures                                   3,283           (6,779)
      Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                                  (7,083)             —
      Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                          362,922          298,981
      Effect of tax relief and concessions granted to certain PRC subsidiaries      (1,358,863)      (1,220,045)
      PRC withholding tax on dividends of subsidiaries                                 134,539          183,131

      Income tax expense for the year                                                1,316,679        1,350,211


      Details of deferred taxation and unused tax losses are set out in note 33.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023    103
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      9.    Directors’ Emoluments
            The emoluments paid or payable to the Directors of the Company during the year are as follows:


                                                                     Employee                      Contributions
                                                        Salaries   share-based      Performance-   to retirement
                                                            and compensation             related         benefit
            2023                               Fees   allowances   expenses (iii)       bonuses        schemes        Total
                                            RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000

            Executive directors:
            Cai Dongchen                         57        4,539          8,161           13,503            419     26,679
            Zhang Cuilong                        57         693           3,627            9,002             93     13,472
            Wang Zhenguo                         57         693           1,360            2,701             93      4,904
            Pan Weidong                          57         695           1,360            2,701            108      4,921
            Wang Huaiyu                          57         693           1,360            3,601             26      5,737
            Li Chunlei                           57         704           2,720            5,851             88      9,420
            Wang Qingxi                          57        1,850          4,346            1,080            106      7,439
            Chak Kin Man                         57        2,128          1,360            2,521            196      6,262
            Jiang Hao                            57         720           1,360            1,800             85      4,022

            Independent non-
               executive directors:
            Wang Bo                             142           —               —               —               —        142
             Chen Chuan                         142           —               —               —               —        142
             Wang Hongguang                     142           —               —               —               —        142
             Au Chun Kwok Alan                  340           —               —               —               —        340
             Law Cheuk Kin Stephen              284           —               —               —               —        284
             Li Quan                            142           —               —               —               —        142

                                              1,705       12,715         25,654           42,760           1,214    84,048




104   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




9.    Directors’ Emoluments (continued)
                                                                     Employee                          Contributions
                                                     Salaries      share-based      Performance-       to retirement
                                                           and    compensation               related             benefit
      2022                                 Fees    allowances      expenses (iii)       bonuses            schemes               Total
                                      RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000

      Executive directors:
      Cai Dongchen (i)                       54           3,795                —         15,460                     350      19,659
      Zhang Cuilong (ii)                     54            693                 —              9,877                  60      10,684
      Wang Zhenguo                           54            693                 —              4,724                  60          5,531
      Pan Weidong                            54            686                 —              4,724                 100          5,564
      Wang Huaiyu                            54            693                 —              5,583                  60          6,390
      Li Chunlei                             54            693                 —              6,871                  60          7,678
      Wang Qingxi                            54           1,820             2,214             2,577                 109          6,774
      Chak Kin Man                           54           2,030                —              3,006                 187          5,277
      Jiang Hao                              54            644                 —              4,295                  77          5,070

      Independent non-executive
         directors:
      Wang Bo                               135              —                 —                 —                   —            135
       Chen Chuan                           135              —                 —                 —                   —            135
       Wang Hongguang                       135              —                 —                 —                   —            135
       Au Chun Kwok Alan                    325              —                 —                 —                   —            325
       Law Cheuk Kin Stephen                271              —                 —                 —                   —            271
       Li Quan (iv)                          20              —                 —                 —                   —             20
       Wu Guizhen (v)
                Wu Guizhen (v)         —
                                              —       —
                                                             —          —
                                                                               —         —
                                                                                                 —           —
                                                                                                                     —       —
                                                                                                                                    —

                                           1,507      11,747                2,214        57,117                   1,063      73,648




                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023      105
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      9.    Directors’ Emoluments (continued)
            Notes:


            (i)      Mr. Cai ceased to serve as the CEO on 27 May 2022.


            (ii)     Mr. Zhang was appointed as the CEO on 27 May 2022. Before this appointment, he was the Rotating CEO.


            (iii)    The amount represents the fair value of share options granted under the Company’s share option scheme and share
                     awards granted by a shareholder recognised in the consolidated income statement during the year (notes 37a and
                     37c).


            (iv)     Ms. Li was appointed as an independent non-executive director on 8 November 2022.


            (v)      Ms. Wu was appointed as an independent non-executive director on 27 May 2022 and resigned on 1 August 2022.


            Directors’ emoluments comprise payments to directors by the Company and its subsidiaries in connection
            with the management of the affairs of the Company and its subsidiaries.


            The performance-related incentive payment was determined by the remuneration committee having regard
            to the performance of the Group, performance and responsibilities of individuals as well as prevailing market
            practices. No remuneration was paid by the Group to the Directors as an inducement to join or upon joining
            the Group or as compensation for loss of office. In addition, no Director has waived any emoluments in both
            years.


      10.   Five Highest Paid Employees
            The five highest paid employees of the Group included five (2022: four) Directors, details of whose
            emoluments are set out in note 9 above. The remuneration of the remaining one highest paid employee in
            2022, which is within the band of HK$7,500,001 to HK$8,000,000, are as follows:


                                                                                                                              2022
                                                                                                                         RMB’000

            Salaries and allowances                                                                                            384
            Performance-related bonus                                                                                        3,865
            Contributions to retirement benefit schemes                                                                          61
            Employee share-based compensation benefits                                                                       2,214

                                                                                                                             6,524


            No emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the five highest paid employees as an inducement to join or
            upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office in both years.




106   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




11.   Earnings Per Share
      The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share is as follows:


                                                                                            2023             2022

      Profit attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)                           5,873,325        6,091,390

      Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of basic
         earnings per share (in ’000)                                                 11,872,021       11,917,204

      Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
         Share awards (in ’000)                                                             1,010            1,319

      Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of diluted
         earnings per share (in ’000)                                                 11,873,031       11,918,523


      The weighted average number of ordinary shares for the calculation of basic earnings per share for both years
      has been adjusted for the effects of the shares held by the trustee under the share award scheme of the
      Company.


12.   Dividends
                                                                                            2023             2022
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000

      Dividends recognised as distribution during the year:

      Interim dividend paid:
         2023: HK14 cents (approximately RMB12.8 cents)
           (2022: HK10 cents (approximately RMB9.0 cents)) per share                   1,529,135        1,079,240

      Final dividend paid:
         2022: HK11 cents (approximately RMB10.1 cents)
           (2021: HK10 cents (approximately RMB8.6 cents)) per share                   1,207,225        1,020,529

      Less: dividend for shares held by share award scheme                                (10,107)          (2,808)

                                                                                       2,726,253        2,096,961


      Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, a final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December
      2023 of HK14 cents per share has been proposed by the Directors and is subject to approval by the
      shareholders in the forthcoming general meeting. This proposed dividend has not yet been recognised as a
      liability in the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023     107
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      13.   Property, Plant and Equipment
                                                                        Furniture,
                                                                          fixtures
                                                           Plant and          and       Motor     Construction
                                              Buildings    machinery    equipment     vehicles     in progress         Total
                                              RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000

            COST
            At 1 January 2022                 4,135,317    6,268,632      438,043      15,981        1,534,093    12,392,066
            Additions                           24,086       105,853       37,513       5,543        1,650,298     1,823,293
            Transfer to investment property     (35,528)          —             —           —               —        (35,528)
            Transfers                          443,923       475,630       21,520           —         (941,073)           —
            Acquisition of subsidiaries         68,894         9,098        3,634          48            1,604       83,278
            Disposals                                —       (52,506)      (13,469)     (1,122)             —        (67,097)
            Exchange adjustments                 2,580         2,442          196         145               —          5,363

            At 31 December 2022               4,639,272    6,809,149      487,437      20,595        2,244,922    14,201,375
            Additions                           37,584       179,104       84,289       7,057        1,555,246     1,863,280
            Transfers                          712,330     1,677,655      163,676         202       (2,553,863)           —
            Disposals                            (1,320)    (195,763)     (36,660)      (3,393)             —       (237,136)
            Exchange adjustments                   716           547            15         23               —          1,301

            At 31 December 2023               5,388,582    8,470,692      698,757      24,484        1,246,305    15,828,820

            DEPRECIATION
            At 1 January 2022                 1,066,629    2,576,280      206,148      13,639               —      3,862,696
            Provided for the year              213,714       528,232       55,160       5,486               —       802,592
            Transfer to investment property      (4,352)          —             —           —               —         (4,352)
            Disposals                                —       (31,992)       (9,912)       (999)             —        (42,903)
            Exchange adjustments                   260           773          125         124               —          1,282

            At 31 December 2022               1,276,251    3,073,293      251,521      18,250               —      4,619,315
            Provided for the year              226,740       551,243       86,769       2,500               —       867,252
            Disposals                               (20)     (50,427)     (21,986)      (2,485)             —        (74,918)
            Exchange adjustments                   320           222            13         17               —           572

            At 31 December 2023               1,503,291    3,574,331      316,317      18,282               —      5,412,221

            CARRYING VALUES
            At 31 December 2023               3,885,291    4,896,361      382,440       6,202        1,246,305    10,416,599

            At 31 December 2022               3,363,021    3,735,856      235,916       2,345        2,244,922     9,582,060




108   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




13.   Property, Plant and Equipment (continued)
      The Group has obtained the formal title for all buildings in the PRC except for buildings with carrying amount
      of RMB312,645,000 (2022: RMB545,170,000) being in the process of obtaining.


      The above items of property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, after taking account
      their residual values, are depreciated on a straight-line basis at the following rates per annum:


      Buildings                                                Over the shorter of the lease term or 20 to 25 years
      Plant and machinery                                      5% - 10%
      Furniture, fixtures and equipment                        20% - 33.33%
      Motor vehicles                                           20%

14.   Right-of-use Assets
                                                                                                            Land and
                                                                                                            buildings
                                                                                                             RMB’000

      CARRYING AMOUNT
      As at 1 January 2022                                                                                  1,034,549
      Additions                                                                                               443,792
      Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                              64,026
      Depreciation provided for the year                                                                     (152,869)
      Exchange adjustments                                                                                      5,361

      As at 31 December 2022                                                                                1,394,859
      Additions                                                                                                   247
      Disposals                                                                                                (6,430)
      Depreciation provided for the year                                                                     (164,077)
      Exchange adjustments                                                                                      1,694

      As at 31 December 2023                                                                                1,226,293


                                                                                                2023             2022
                                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000

      Total cash outflows for leases                                                         152,225          156,627




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023   109
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      14.   Right-of-use Assets (continued)
            The Group has entered into contracts to lease certain land and buildings for its operations for a fixed term
            of one year to twenty years. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of
            different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable
            period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract is
            enforceable.


            In addition, lease liabilities of RMB256,685,000 (2022: RMB400,110,000) are recognised with related right-
            of-use assets of RMB243,520,000 as at 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB388,309,000). The lease agreements
            do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor.
            Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.


      15.   Investment Property
                                                                                                                      RMB’000

            COST
            At 1 January 2022                                                                                           37,125
            Transfer from property, plant and equipment                                                                 35,528

            At 31 December 2022 and 2023                                                                                72,653

            DEPRECIATION
            At 1 January 2022                                                                                            3,438
            Provided for the year                                                                                        2,126
            Transfer from property, plant and equipment                                                                  4,352

            At 31 December 2022                                                                                          9,916
            Provided for the year                                                                                        3,305

            At 31 December 2023                                                                                         13,221

            CARRYING VALUES
            At 31 December 2023                                                                                         59,432

            At 31 December 2022                                                                                         62,737


            The investment property is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of lease terms of the leasehold
            land or 5% per annum.


            The fair value of the investment property at 31 December 2023 was approximately RMB110,986,000 (2022:
            RMB117,460,000). The fair value was determined by the Directors with reference to recent market evidence of
            transaction prices for similar properties in similar locations and conditions. In estimating the fair value at level
            3 hierarchy of the property, the highest and best use of the property is its current use.




110   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




16.   Goodwill
                                                                                                                      RMB’000

      COST
      At 1 January 2022                                                                                                149,983
      Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 36)                                                                              84,921

      At 31 December 2022 and 2023                                                                                     234,904


      For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill has been allocated to four individual CGUs as at 31 December
      2023 (2022: four). The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to these units is as follows:


                                                                                                        2023               2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000

      Ouyi Group (note a)                                                                             82,172             82,172
      Yong Shun Group (note b)                                                                        48,212             48,212
      Zhifan Group (note c)                                                                           71,608             71,608
      Others (note a)                                                                                 32,912             32,912

                                                                                                    234,904            234,904


      Notes:


      (a)      The recoverable amounts of Ouyi (as defined in note 44) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “Ouyi
               Group”), and others have been determined based on value-in-use calculations with certain key assumptions. The
               calculations use cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management and pre-tax discount
               rates of 14% to 15% (2022: 12% to 15%). Cash flows beyond the forecasted period are extrapolated using a steady
               2% growth rate (2022: 2%). This growth rate is based on the relevant industry growth forecasts and does not
               exceed the average long-term growth rate for the relevant industry. Other key assumptions include forecast sales
               based on past performance and management’s expectation of the market development.


      (b)      The recoverable amount of Yong Shun Technology Development Limited (“Yong Shun”) and its subsidiaries
               (collectively referred to as “Yong Shun Group”) has been determined based on value-in-use calculation with certain
               key assumptions. The calculation uses cash flow projection based on financial forecast approved by management
               and pre-tax discount rate of 19% (2022: 21%). Cash flows beyond the forecasted period are extrapolated using a
               steady 2% growth rate (2022: 2%). This growth rate is based on the relevant industry growth forecasts and does
               not exceed the average long-term growth rate for the relevant industry. Other key assumptions include forecast
               sales based on management’s expectations of the market development. The Directors believe that any reasonably
               possible changes in any of these assumptions would not cause the carrying amount to exceed the recoverable
               amount.


      (c)      The recoverable amount of Zhifan Group (as defined in note 36) has been determined based on value-in-use
               calculation with certain key assumptions. The calculation uses cash flow projection based on financial forecast
               approved by management and pre-tax discount rate of 18% (2022: 22%). Cash flows beyond the forecasted period
               are extrapolated using a steady 2% growth rate (2022: 2%). This growth rate is based on the relevant industry
               growth forecasts and does not exceed the average long-term growth rate for the relevant industry. Other key
               assumptions include forecast sales based on management’s expectations of the market development.


      The Directors considered that there was no impairment of any of its CGUs containing goodwill for the years
      ended 31 December 2022 and 2023.

                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023       111
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      17.   Intangible Assets
                                                                Research and       Product
                                              Development       development    licences and
                                                       costs        projects       patents         Total
                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000

            COST
            At 1 January 2022                      157,895           281,114       288,345      727,354
            Additions                                  28,610             —        610,216      638,826
            Acquisition of subsidiaries                    3         962,574             —      962,577
            Written-off                                    —              —          (2,018)      (2,018)
            Exchange adjustments                          20              —           2,756       2,776

            At 31 December 2022                    186,528         1,243,688       899,299     2,329,515
            Additions                                  18,078             —        397,354      415,432
            Exchange adjustments                          10              —            532          542

            At 31 December 2023                    204,616         1,243,688      1,297,185    2,745,489

            AMORTISATION AND IMPAIRMENT
            At 1 January 2022                      115,912                —        143,588      259,500
            Provided for the year                      19,135         24,316        46,901       90,352
            Impairment loss recognised                 15,657             —         56,448       72,105
            Written-off                                    —              —          (2,018)      (2,018)
            Exchange adjustments                          10              —           1,454       1,464

            At 31 December 2022                    150,714            24,316       246,373      421,403
            Provided for the year                       1,367         33,572        47,917       82,856
            Impairment loss recognised                     —              —         42,315       42,315
            Exchange adjustments                           1              —            365          366

            At 31 December 2023                    152,082            57,888       336,970      546,940

            CARRYING VALUES
            At 31 December 2023                        52,534      1,185,800       960,215     2,198,549

            At 31 December 2022                        35,814      1,219,372       652,926     1,908,112




112   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




17.   Intangible Assets (continued)
      Notes:


      Development costs mainly represent costs internally generated or techniques acquired from third parties for the
      development of products and production technology while the research and development projects are acquired through
      business combination. The product licences and patents represent consideration paid by the Group for obtaining product
      licences and patents of drugs or drug candidates.


      During the year ended 31 December 2023, the management of the Group concluded there was indication of negative
      changes in the market conditions of an intangible asset with finite useful live and recognised an impairment loss of
      RMB42,315,000 (2022: RMB72,105,000) after conducting an impairment test. The recoverable amount of this intangible
      asset of RMB33,713,000 (2022: RMB85,928,000) has been determined based on value-in-use calculations. The
      calculations use cash flow projections based on financial forecast approved by management covering useful lives and pre-
      tax discount rate of 18% (2022: 18%).


      The management determined that there is no impairment on the development costs, and research and development
      projects not yet available for use and believes that any reasonably possible change in any of the key assumptions would not
      cause the recoverable amounts to be lower than their carrying amounts.


      Except for certain intangible assets not yet available for use, the above intangible assets having finite useful lives are
      amortised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives:


      Development costs                                    1 to 10 years
      Research and development projects                    3 to 15 years
      Product licences and patents                         3 to 10 years


18.   Interests in Associates
                                                                                                        2023               2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000

      Cost of investments in associates                                                             842,675            733,675
      Share of post-acquisition reserves                                                             (56,590)           (48,385)

                                                                                                    786,085            685,290


      The associates are accounted for using equity method in the consolidated financial statements. The interests
      in associates included listed investments with a fair value of approximately RMB436,224,000 (2022: nil), which
      was determined based on the quoted market bid price multiplied by the quantity of shares held by the Group.
      As at 31 December 2022 and 2023, there is no individual associate material to the Group.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023       113
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      18.   Interests in Associates (continued)
            Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material:


                                                                                                    2023          2022
                                                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000

            The Group’s share of losses and total comprehensive expense                            41,065       42,509


      19.   Interests in Joint Ventures
                                                                                                    2023          2022
                                                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000

            Cost of investments in joint ventures                                                 626,611     620,611
            Share of post-acquisition reserves                                                     55,740       88,871

                                                                                                  682,351     709,482


            The joint ventures are accounted for using equity method in the consolidated financial statements. As at 31
            December 2022 and 2023, there is no individual joint venture material to the Group.


            Aggregate information of joint ventures that are not individually material:


                                                                                                    2023          2022
                                                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000

            The Group’s share of (losses)/profits and total comprehensive
               (expense)/income                                                                   (13,131)      27,114
            Unrecognised share of losses of the joint ventures for the year                        (2,843)     (23,752)
            Cumulative unrecognised share of losses of the joint ventures                         (54,722)     (51,879)




114   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




20.   Other Financial Assets
                                                                                                         2023                2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

      Unlisted investments in partnerships and funds                                               1,593,287           1,767,743
      Listed equity securities                                                                         88,236            100,457
      Unlisted equity securities                                                                      705,636            257,374

                                                                                                   2,387,159           2,125,574

      Analysed as:
         Financial assets measured at FVTPL                                                        1,661,791           1,843,961
         Financial assets measured at FVTOCI (Note)                                                   725,368            281,613

                                                                                                   2,387,159           2,125,574


      Note:   The above investments are mainly focused on the healthcare industry. The Directors have elected to designate these
              investments to be measured at FVTOCI as they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations in these investments’
              fair value in profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding these investments for long-
              term purposes and realising their performance potential in the long run.


      The Directors consider that the Group does not have any control nor significant influence to affect the variable
      returns through its investment in those enterprises.


      In the current year, the Group received RMB54,277,000 (2022: RMB73,177,000) upon distribution by the
      partnerships and funds, which was also the fair value as at the date of distribution.


21.   Inventories
                                                                                                         2023                2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

      Raw materials                                                                                   922,634            810,800
      Work in progress                                                                                251,966            284,283
      Finished goods                                                                               1,964,064           1,459,778

                                                                                                   3,138,664           2,554,861


      The inventories are net of a provision of RMB4,295,000 as at 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB4,352,000).




                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023       115
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      22.   Trade Receivables
                                                                                                    2023             2022
                                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000

            Trade receivables                                                                  5,911,360        3,961,692
            Less: allowance for ECL                                                              (42,137)          (23,725)

                                                                                               5,869,223        3,937,967


            As at 1 January 2022, trade receivables (net of allowance under ECL model) from contracts with customers
            amounted to RMB3,309,148,000.


            The Group allows a general credit period of 90 days to its trade customers. The following is an ageing analysis
            of trade receivables (net of allowance under ECL model) at the end of the reporting period presented based
            on the invoice dates which approximated the respective revenue recognition dates:


                                                                                                    2023             2022
                                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000

            0 to 90 days                                                                       5,272,089        3,664,707
            91 to 180 days                                                                       564,976          261,185
            181 to 365 days                                                                       29,364             9,562
            More than 365 days                                                                     2,794             2,513

                                                                                               5,869,223        3,937,967


            Trade receivables with aggregate carrying amount of RMB597,134,000 (2022: RMB273,260,000) are past due
            as at the reporting date. Out of the past due balances, RMB32,158,000 (2022: RMB12,075,000) has been
            past due 90 days or more and is not considered as in default because there has not been significant change
            in credit quality and the amounts are still considered recoverable. The Group does not hold any collateral or
            other credit enhancements over these balances nor does it have a legal right of offset against any amounts
            owed by the Group to the counterparty.


            Details of impairment assessment of trade receivables are set out in note 40.




116   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




23.   Deposits, Prepayments and Other Receivables
                                                                                             2023             2022
                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000

      Prepayments for raw materials and research and development expenses                 175,305          207,224
      Prepayment for acquisition of intangible assets                                           —          150,000
      Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment and right-of-
         use assets                                                                       619,077          646,570
      Other taxes recoverable                                                             210,162          189,037
      Others                                                                              287,188          296,963

                                                                                        1,291,732        1,489,794

      Analysed as:
         Current                                                                          672,655          693,224
         Non-current                                                                      619,077          796,570

                                                                                        1,291,732        1,489,794


24.   Bills Receivables
      The bills receivables of the Group are with a maturity period of less than 365 days (2022: less than 365 days)
      and not yet due at the end of the reporting period. The management considers the default risk is low based
      on historical information, experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost of
      effort.


      As at 31 December 2023, the amount included RMB2,211,169,000 (2022: RMB1,561,531,000) of bills
      receivables measured at FVTOCI.


      As at 31 December 2023, bills receivables of the Group of RMB441,266,000 (2022: RMB145,644,000)
      were discounted to banks on a full recourse basis. As the Group has not transferred the significant risks
      and rewards, it continues to recognise the full carrying amount and has recognised the cash received of
      RMB441,266,000 (2022: RMB145,644,000) from the discount of bills receivables as borrowings as disclosed
      in note 30.


      As at 31 December 2023, bills receivables of the Group of RMB413,321,000 (2022: RMB370,707,000)
      were endorsed to suppliers on a full recourse basis. As the Group has not transferred the significant risks
      and rewards, it continues to recognise the full carrying amount and has recognised the trade payable of
      RMB413,321,000 (2022: RMB370,707,000) as included in note 27.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023     117
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      25.   Structured Bank Deposits
            The structured bank deposits carry guaranteed return up to 1.75% (2022: 1.00%) per annum and have a total
            expected return up to 3.00% (2022: 3.50%) per annum, depending on the market prices of the underlying
            commodities quoted in the market as specified in the terms of relevant deposits.


            The structured bank deposits are designated at FVTPL on initial recognition as they contain non-closely
            related embedded derivatives.


      26.   Bank Deposits, Balances and Cash
                                                                                                      2023               2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000

            Time deposits                                                                        2,240,000        2,420,000
            Pledged and restricted bank balances                                                    24,378             77,155
            Bank balances and cash                                                              10,490,845        8,000,852

                                                                                                12,755,223       10,498,007

            Analysed as:
               Current                                                                          12,015,223       10,298,007
               Non-current                                                                        740,000             200,000

                                                                                                12,755,223       10,498,007


            The bank deposits and balances carry interest at market rates ranging from 2.70% to 5.60% (2022: 2.85% to
            4.13%) per annum.


            The pledged and restricted bank balances represent amounts required to be placed in banks for securing
            short-term banking facilities of the Group, and are classified as current assets.


      27.   Trade Payables
            The following is an ageing analysis of trade payables at the end of the reporting period presented based on
            the invoice dates:


                                                                                                      2023               2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000

            0 to 90 days                                                                         1,994,671        1,333,746
            91 to 180 days                                                                        203,696              51,978
            More than 180 days                                                                    227,748             122,262

                                                                                                 2,426,115        1,507,986


            The general credit period on purchases of goods is up to 90 days (2022: 90 days). The Group has financial
            risk management policies in place to ensure that all payables are settled within the credit time frame.




118   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




28.   Other Payables
                                                                                           2023             2022
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000

      Other tax payable                                                                 181,502         181,238
      Payables arising from construction and acquisition of property,
         plant and equipment                                                          1,027,366         818,967
      Deferred government grants (note 34)                                              509,226         411,959
      Salaries, wages and staff welfare payable                                         660,299         546,927
      Selling expense payable                                                         3,293,158        3,049,003
      Research and development expense payable                                          264,913         126,516
      Others                                                                            441,533         491,823

                                                                                      6,377,997        5,626,433

      Analysed as:
         Current                                                                      5,978,313        5,355,516
         Non-current                                                                    399,684         270,917

                                                                                      6,377,997        5,626,433


29.   Bills Payables
      The bills payables of the Group are aged within 365 days (2022: 365 days) and not yet due at the end of the
      reporting period.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023    119
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      30.   Bank Borrowings
                                                                                                             2023              2022
                                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

            Discount of bills receivables (note a)                                                       441,266            145,644
            Variable-rate unsecured RMB bank loans (note b)                                                 8,950            36,790

                                                                                                         450,216            182,434




                                                                                                             2023              2022
                                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

            The carrying amounts of the above borrowings are repayable as follows:

            Within one year, classified as current liabilities                                           450,216            153,484
            Within a period of more than one year, but not exceeding two years,
                  classified as non-current liabilities                                                         —            28,950

                                                                                                         450,216            182,434


            Notes:


            (a)        The amount represents borrowings secured by the bill receivables discounted to banks with recourse and the
                       amount is repayable within one year.


                       During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group discounted bills receivables with recourse of RMB530,945,000
                       (2022: RMB368,726,000), net of interest, among which RMB245,228,000 (2022: RMB226,435,000) matured before
                       year ended.


            (b)        The bank loans carry interest rates of 5.3% (2022: 3.7% to 5.5%) per annum.


                       As of 31 December 2023, a bank loan of RMB8,950,000 (2022: RMB9,000,000) was secured by certain properties
                       with a net carrying amount of RMB71,000,000 (2022: RMB64,000,000), and bank deposits of RMB17,000,000
                       (2022: RMB30,000,000) have been pledged to banks for the guarantee of bills payables.


      31.   Contract Liabilities
            Contract liabilities represent deposits received by the Group in advance of delivery of products.


            As at 1 January 2022, contract liabilities amounted to RMB428,404,000. Revenue recognised in the current
            year relating to brought-forward contract liabilities amounted to RMB799,458,000 (2022: RMB428,404,000).




120   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




32.   Lease Liabilities
                                                                                                  2023              2022
                                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000

      The lease liabilities are payable as follows:

      Within one year                                                                          149,627           142,071
      Within a period of more than one year but not more than two years                         57,879           146,455
      Within a period of more than two years but not more than five years                       44,970            94,132
      Within a period of more than five years                                                    4,209            17,452

                                                                                               256,685           400,110
      Less: Amount due for settlement within one year shown under current
                liabilities                                                                   (149,627)         (142,071)

      Amount due for settlement after one year shown under non-current
         liabilities                                                                           107,058           258,039


      The weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities was 4.35% (2022: 4.35%) per
      annum.


33.   Deferred Taxation
      For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets
      and liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting
      purposes:


                                                                                                  2023              2022
                                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000

      Deferred tax assets                                                                      186,776           113,026
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                (574,843)         (611,993)

                                                                                              (388,067)         (498,967)




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023      121
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      33.   Deferred Taxation (continued)
            The following are the major deferred tax assets/(liabilities) recognised and their movements:


                                                                                                                       Withholding     Fair value      Research
                                                                   Property,      Right-                      Other          tax on    change on            and     Unutilised
                                                                   plant and     of-use        Lease      intangible   undistributed    financial    development          tax
                                                   Inventories    equipment      assets     liabilities      assets          profits      assets       expenses        losses     Others        Total
                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000

            At 1 January 2022                          42,488        (21,454)    (27,779)      23,511       (46,415)       (257,624)     (51,211)             —             —          —     (338,484)
            (Charge)/credit to profit or loss          (21,030)      (38,090)    (79,425)      75,154         5,979         (49,944)       1,673          57,783            —     33,149      (14,751)
            Charge to other comprehensive income            —             —           —             —            —               —         (2,323)            —             —          —       (2,323)
            Acquisition of subsidiaries                     —           124       (4,104)           —      (126,158)             —             —              —             —     (13,907)   (144,045)
            Exchange adjustments                          636             —       (1,362)       1,362            —               —             —              —             —          —         636

            At 31 December 2022                        22,094        (59,420)   (112,670)    100,027       (166,594)       (307,568)     (51,861)         57,783            —     19,242     (498,967)
            (Charge)/credit to profit or loss             (580)      14,237      36,827       (36,302)       21,432           1,478       18,394          (7,075)      67,720      (5,819)   110,312
            Charge to other comprehensive income            —             —           —             —            —               —           242              —             —          —         242
            Exchange adjustments                          340             —         (446)         446            —               —             —              —             —           6        346

            At 31 December 2023                        21,854        (45,183)    (76,289)      64,171      (145,162)       (306,090)     (33,225)         50,708       67,720     13,429     (388,067)


            At the end of the reporting period, the Group had unused tax losses of approximately RMB5,503,189,000
            (2022: RMB3,650,171,000) available for offset against future profits. A deferred tax asset has been recognised
            in respect of approximately RMB451,467,000 (2022: nil) of such losses. No deferred tax asset has been
            recognised in respect of the remaining approximately RMB5,051,722,000 (2022: RMB3,650,171,000) due to
            the unpredictability of future profit streams.


            The unrecognised unused tax losses for the PRC subsidiaries of RMB3,922,646,000 (2022:
            RMB2,210,578,000) will be expired in one to ten years for offsetting against future taxable profits. Tax losses
            of RMB21,805,000 (2022: nil) have been forfeited during the year.


            At the end of reporting period, the subsidiaries in the US had net operating loss of RMB1,129,076,000 (2022:
            RMB1,040,948,000) carried forward for federal income tax purposes which is available for offsetting against
            future taxable profits. As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, all tax losses may carry forward indefinitely under
            the Act but subject to certain limitations.


            Under the EIT Law of the PRC, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned
            by PRC subsidiaries from 1 January 2008 onwards. Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the
            consolidated financial statements in respect of temporary differences attributable to accumulated profits of
            the PRC subsidiaries amounting to RMB25,308,000,000 (2022: RMB18,583,000,000) as the Group is able to
            control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences
            will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


            There was no other significant deferred taxation for the year or at the end of the reporting period.




122   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




34.   Deferred Government Grants
                                                                                                              2023                2022
                                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000

      Current:
            — Other subsidies (note a)                                                                    168,698             141,042
      Non-current:
            — Acquisition of property, plant and equipment (note b)                                       340,528             270,917


      Total (included in other payables in note 28)                                                       509,226             411,959


      Notes:


      (a)       Other subsidies are generally provided for the development of pharmaceutical products or improvement of
                production efficiency. Such amounts are included in other payables until the conditions attaching to the grants have
                been fulfilled. During the year, the Group recognised income of RMB170,524,000 (2022: RMB173,921,000).


      (b)       Represents subsidies received for the acquisition of plant and machinery and will be transferred to profit or loss over
                the useful lives of the related assets upon the conditions attaching to the grants have been fulfilled. During the year,
                the Group recognised income of RMB45,178,000 (2022: RMB21,084,000).


35.   Share Capital
                                                                                                      Number of                 Share
                                                                                                           shares              capital
                                                                                                                             RMB’000

      Issued and fully paid
      At 1 January 2022                                                                            11,949,979,732          10,899,412
      Shares repurchased and cancelled                                                                 (16,760,000)                  —

      At 31 December 2022                                                                          11,933,219,732          10,899,412
      Shares repurchased and cancelled                                                                 (30,000,000)                  —

      At 31 December 2023                                                                          11,903,219,732          10,899,412


      The Company repurchased its own ordinary shares through the Stock Exchange as follows:

                                                                Highest              Lowest
                                          Number of            purchase            purchase                  Aggregation
                                             shares                price               price                consideration
      Date                              repurchased            per share           per share              (before expense)
                                                                    HK$                 HK$              HK$’000        RMB’000
                                                                                                                      (equivalent)

      January 2022                         2,054,000                  8.49                8.44             17,409              14,165
      March 2023                          24,560,000                  7.80                7.41            187,202             163,877
      April 2023                           5,440,000                  7.75                7.61             41,673              36,481


      The repurchased shares were cancelled in January 2022 and April 2023.



                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023        123
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      36.   Acquisition of Subsidiaries
            (a)    Acquisition of Zhifan Group
                   In January 2022, the Group entered into an agreement with an independent third party to acquire 100%
                   interest in Zhuhai Zhifan Enterprise Management Consultancy Centre (Limited Partnership) (“Zhuhai
                   Zhifan”, together with its subsidiary, “Zhifan Group”) for a cash consideration of RMB302,904,000.
                   Zhuhai Zhifan is principally engaged in the holding of 51% equity interest in Guangzhou Recomgen
                   Biotech Co., Ltd. (now renamed as CSPC Recomgen Pharmaceutical (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.)
                   (“Recomgen”), which is principally engaged in biopharmaceutical business. The acquisition has been
                   accounted for using acquisition method of accounting.


                   Fair value of identifiable net assets
                   The fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition were as
                   follows:


                                                                                                                RMB’000

                   Property, plant and equipment                                                                   82,223
                   Right-of-use assets                                                                             34,000
                   Intangible assets                                                                             962,574
                   Deposits                                                                                         4,992
                   Inventories                                                                                     30,572
                   Trade receivables                                                                                5,000
                   Deposits, prepayments and other receivables                                                     24,925
                   Bank balances                                                                                    1,186
                   Trade payables                                                                                  (8,182)
                   Other payables                                                                                (255,642)
                   Contract liabilities                                                                               (40)
                   Bank borrowings                                                                                (46,790)
                   Deferred tax liabilities                                                                      (130,138)


                   Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                   704,680


                   The fair value and classification of assets and liabilities were valued by an independent qualified
                   professional valuer not connected to the Group.


                   Non-controlling interests
                   The non-controlling interests in Recomgen recognised at the acquisition date was measured by
                   reference to the proportionate share of recognised amounts of net assets of Recomgen and amounted
                   to RMB473,384,000.




124   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




36.   Acquisition of Subsidiaries (continued)
      (a)    Acquisition of Zhifan Group (continued)
             Goodwill arising on acquisition
                                                                                                           RMB’000

             Consideration transferred                                                                      302,904
             Plus: non-controlling interests                                                                473,384
             Less: recognised amounts of net assets acquired                                               (704,680)

             Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                 71,608


             Goodwill arose on the acquisition because the acquisition included the assembled workforce for
             research and development of thrombolytic drug and the associated intellectual property owned by
             Recomgen. These benefits are not recognised separately from goodwill because they do not meet the
             recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets.


             None of the goodwill arising on these acquisitions is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.


             Net cash outflows arising on acquisition of Zhifan Group
                                                                                                           RMB’000

             Consideration paid in cash                                                                     302,904
             Less: bank balances and cash acquired                                                               (1,186)

                                                                                                            301,718


             Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group
             Since the acquisition, Zhifan Group has contributed RMB101,429,000 to the revenue of the Group and
             a loss of RMB28,864,000 to the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022.


             Had the acquisition been completed on 1 January 2022, total amount of the Group’s revenue and profit
             for the year ended 31 December 2022 would not be significantly different from those reported in the
             consolidated income statement.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023        125
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      36.   Acquisition of Subsidiaries (continued)
            (b)    Acquisition of Bioworkshops Group
                   In July 2022, the Group entered into several agreement for the acquisition of 100% interest in
                   Bioworkshops Limited (“Bioworkshops”, together with its subsidiary, “Bioworkshops Group”) for a total
                   consideration of RMB315,573,000. Bioworkshops is principally engaged in investment holding and is in
                   the holding of 100% and 60.67% equity interest in a subsidiary and joint venture, respectively.


                   The acquisition has been accounted for using the acquisition of accounting.


                   Fair value of identifiable net assets
                   The fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition were as
                   follows:


                                                                                                                     RMB’000

                   Interest in joint venture                                                                         279,313
                   Amounts due from related companies                                                                 33,332
                   Bank balances                                                                                        3,558
                   Other payables                                                                                         (36)
                   Deferred tax liabilities                                                                           (13,907)

                   Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                       302,260


                   Goodwill arising on acquisition
                                                                                                                     RMB’000

                   Consideration transferred                                                                         315,573
                   Less: recognised amounts of net assets acquired                                                   (302,260)

                   Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                    13,313


                   Net cash outflows arising on acquisition of Bioworkshops Group
                                                                                                                     RMB’000

                   Consideration payable                                                                             315,573
                   Less: amounts due from joint ventures and related companies                                       (302,473)
                   Less: bank balances and cash acquired                                                               (3,558)

                                                                                                                        9,542


                   Consideration payable for the acquisition of Bioworkshops Group was settled through offsetting of
                   amounts due from a joint venture of RMB269,141,000 and amounts due from related companies of
                   RMB33,332,000, respectively.




126   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




36.   Acquisition of Subsidiaries (continued)
      (b)    Acquisition of Bioworkshops Group (continued)
             Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group
             Since the acquisition, Bioworkshops Group has resulted in a loss of RMB20,872,000 to the profit of
             the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022.


             Had the acquisition been completed on 1 January 2022, total amount of the Group’s revenue and profit
             for the year ended 31 December 2022 would not be significantly different from those reported in the
             consolidated income statement.


      (c)    Asset acquisition through acquisition of Pengrun
             In November 2022, the Group acquired 100% equity interest in Shijiazhuang Pengrun Biotechnology
             Limited (“Pengrun”) for a cash consideration of RMB30,647,000. Pengrun is principally engaged in
             investment holding.


             Fair value of identifiable net assets
             The fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition were as
             follows:


                                                                                                          RMB’000

             Property, plant and equipment                                                                    1,055
             Right-of-use assets                                                                             30,026
             Intangible assets                                                                                    3
             Deposits, prepayments and other receivables                                                         26
             Other payables                                                                                    (463)

             Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                     30,647




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023     127
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      37.   Long Term Incentive Programs
            (a)    Share option scheme
                   The share option scheme of the Company (the “Share Option Scheme”) is for the purpose of providing
                   the Company with a flexible means of giving incentive to eligible participants. Participants include any
                   director, employee, business consultant, professional and other adviser of the Group. The Share Option
                   Scheme was adopted on 9 December 2015 and will expire on 8 December 2025.

                   The maximum number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all share options to be granted
                   under the Share Option Scheme shall not in aggregate exceed 10% (i.e. 591,101,840 shares) of the
                   shares of the Company in issue at adoption the date of the Share Option Scheme. The maximum
                   entitlement for any one participant is that the total number of shares issued or to be issued upon
                   exercise of the share options granted to each participant in any twelve-month period shall not exceed
                   1% of the total number of shares in issue.

                   Share options granted have to be taken up within an acceptable period from the date of offer to
                   such date as the Board may determine and specify in the letter of offer upon payment of HK$1. The
                   subscription price for option granted is determined by the Board and shall be at least the highest of (i)
                   the closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheet on the offer date
                   which must be a business day; (ii) and the average closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock
                   Exchange’s daily quotation sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the offer date; and
                   (iii) the nominal value of a share. Share options granted are exercisable for a period to be notified by
                   the Board to each grantee and such period shall expire not later than 10 years from the date of grant.

                   During the year, a total of 50,000,000 (2022: nil) share options were granted under the Share Option
                   Scheme.

                   As at 31 December 2023, the number of share options available for being further granted was
                   541,101,840 (1 January 2023: 591,101,840).

                   The following table discloses movements of share options during the year:


                                                                                                        Number of share options
                                                                                                                        Cancelled/
                                                                                                         Granted            lapsed
                                                                                               As at       during           during          As at
                   Grantees           Date of grant    Exercise price   Exercise period   1 Jan 2023     the year         the year    31 Dec 2023

                   Directors          4 Sep 2023       HK$5.98          4 Sep 2023 to             —    50,000,000                 —    50,000,000
                                                                           3 Sep 2033

                   Notes:

                   (a)         Subject to the accomplishment of certain conditions in relation to the financial results of the Group, 50% of
                               the share options will be vested on 1 April 2024 and the remaining 50% will be vested on 1 April 2025.

                   (b)         The closing price of the shares of the Company immediately, before the date of grant was HK$5.90.

                   (c)         The estimated fair value of the share options granted on the date of grant is RMB50,048,000.



128   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




37.   Long Term Incentive Programs (continued)
      (a)    Share option scheme (continued)
             The fair value of the share options granted was determined by using the Binomial model. The inputs
             into the model were as follows:


             Share price on the grant date                                                                     HK$5.98
             Exercise price                                                                                    HK$5.98
             Expected volatility                                                                                39.78%
             Expected life                                                                                      10 years
             Risk-free rate                                                                                       3.89%
             Expected dividend yield                                                                              4.18%

             Expected volatility was determined by using the historical volatility of the Company’s share price over
             the previous 10 years. The expected life used in the model has been adjusted, based on the valuer’s
             best estimate, for the effects of non-transferability, exercise restrictions and behavioural considerations.


             The variables and assumptions used in computing the fair value of the share options are based on
             the valuer’s best estimate. The value of an option varies with different variables of certain subjective
             assumptions.


             During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group recognised share-based compensation expense
             of RMB22,670,000 (2022: nil) in relation to share options granted by the Company.


      (b)    Share award scheme
             The share award scheme of the Company (the “Share Award Scheme”) is for the purpose of providing
             the selected participants with an opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company;
             encouraging and retaining such individuals to work with the Company; and providing additional
             incentives to them to achieve performance goals, with a view to achieving the objectives of increasing
             the value of the Company and aligning the interests of the selected participants directly to the
             shareholders through ownership of shares of the Company. Participants include any director, employee,
             officer, agent or consultant of the Group. The Share Award Scheme was adopted on 20 August 2018
             and will expire on 19 August 2028.


             The maximum number of shares which may be purchased from the market or issued under the
             Share Award Scheme shall not in aggregate exceed 2% (i.e. 124,860,368 shares) of the shares of
             the Company in issue as at the adoption date of the Share Award Scheme. The maximum number
             of shares which may be awarded to a selected participant at any one time or in aggregate under the
             Share Award Scheme must not exceed 0.5% (i.e. 31,215,092 shares) of the shares of the Company in
             issue as at the adoption date of the Share Award Scheme.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023      129
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      37.   Long Term Incentive Programs (continued)
            (b)    Share award scheme (continued)
                   The awarded shares held by the trustee of the Share Award Scheme shall be vested in the selected
                   participants in accordance with the vesting conditions or vesting schedules as set out in the grant
                   notice. Awarded shares which do not vest will be forfeited and may be re-granted to other participants
                   selected by the Board.


                   During the year, a total of 3,000,000 (2022: nil) share awards were granted under the Share Award
                   Scheme.


                   As at 31 December 2023, the number of share awards available for being further granted was
                   117,312,368 (1 January 2023: 120,304,368).


                   As at 31 December 2023, there were 51,460,000 shares of the Company held by the trustee of the
                   Share Award Scheme (2022: 15,960,000 shares).


                   Details of movement of awarded shares during the year are as follows:


                                                                                                   Number of awarded shares
                                                                                                                                  Cancelled/
                                                                                            Granted               Vested             lapsed
                                                                                   As at     during               during              during          As at
                    Grantees     Date of grant   Vesting period               1 Jan 2023    the year             the year           the year    31 Dec 2023

                    Employees    15 Jan 2019     15 Jan 2019 to 14 Jan 2023     329,000           —              (325,000)            (4,000)            —
                                 15 Jan 2019     15 Jan 2019 to 14 Jan 2024     329,000           —                    —                  —         329,000
                                 16 Dec 2021     16 Dec 2021 to 14 Jan 2023     329,000           —              (325,000)            (4,000)            —
                                 16 Dec 2021     16 Dec 2021 to 14 Jan 2024     329,000           —                    —                  —         329,000
                                 30 May 2023     30 May 2023 to 9 July 2023           —    3,000,000           (3,000,000)                —              —
                    Total                                                      1,316,000   3,000,000           (3,650,000)            (8,000)       658,000


                   Details of movement of awarded shares during the prior year are as follows:


                                                                                                       Number of awarded shares
                                                                                                                                  Cancelled/
                                                                                            Granted                Vested             lapsed
                                                                                   As at      during               during             during          As at
                   Grantees      Date of grant   Vesting period               1 Jan 2022    the year              the year           the year   31 Dec 2022

                   Employees     15 Jan 2019     15 Jan 2019 to 14 Jan 2023     815,000           —              (435,000)           (51,000)       329,000
                                 15 Jan 2019     15 Jan 2019 to 14 Jan 2023     815,000           —              (435,000)           (51,000)       329,000
                                 16 Dec 2021     16 Dec 2021 to 14 Jan 2023     815,000           —              (435,000)           (51,000)       329,000
                                 16 Dec 2021     16 Dec 2021 to 14 Jan 2024     815,000           —              (435,000)           (51,000)       329,000
                   Total                                                       3,260,000          —            (1,740,000)          (204,000)     1,316,000




130   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




37.   Long Term Incentive Programs (continued)
      (b)    Share award scheme (continued)
             Notes:


             a.         The weighted average closing price of the Company’s share immediately before the date on which the
                        awarded shares were vested was HK$6.98 (2022: HK$9.6) per share.


             b.         The shares were awarded and vested for no consideration.


             c.         The estimated fair value of the share awards granted on the date of grant was RMB17,554,000.


             The fair value of the share awards granted was determined by reference to the market value of
             the Company’s share on the date of grant. During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group
             recognised share-based compensation expense of RMB19,360,000 (2022: RMB6,904,000) in relation
             to share awards granted by the Company.


      (c)    Share awards granted by a shareholder
             Key Honesty Limited (“Key Honesty”), a shareholder of the Company indirectly and wholly owned
             by Mr. Cai Dongchen, Chairman of the Company, has granted 218,250,000 and 8,900,000 share
             awards involving the existing shares of the Company held by Key Honesty to selected employees of
             the Group on 1 April 2022 and 14 September 2022, respectively. The awarded shares will be vested
             and transferred in batches from the third to fifth year after the grant at a transfer price of HK$2.95 per
             share subject to the fulfilment of certain conditions. During the year 31 December 2023, the Group
             recognised share-based compensation expense of RMB193,952,000 (2022: RMB149,780,000) in
             relation to the share awards granted by Key Honesty.


             Details of movement of share awards during the year are as follows:


                                                                                                   Number of awarded shares

                                                                                                                              Cancelled/
                                                                                            Granted           Vested             lapsed
                                                                                    As at    during           during              during          As at
             Grantees          Date of grant   Vesting period                 1 Jan 2023    the year         the year           the year    31 Dec 2023

             Employees         1 April 2022    1 April 2022 to 1 April 2025    60,045,000         —                —          (2,460,000)    57,585,000
                               1 April 2022    1 April 2022 to 1 April 2026    60,045,000         —                —          (2,460,000)    57,585,000
                               1 April 2022    1 April 2022 to 1 April 2027    80,060,000         —                —          (3,280,000)    76,780,000
                               14 Sep 2022     14 Sep 2022 to 14 Sep 2025       1,770,000         —                —                  —       1,770,000
                               14 Sep 2022     14 Sep 2022 to 14 Sep 2026       1,770,000         —                —                  —       1,770,000
                               14 Sep 2022     14 Sep 2022 to 14 Sep 2027       2,360,000         —                —                  —       2,360,000
             Total                                                            206,050,000         —                —          (8,200,000)   197,850,000




                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023          131
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      37.   Long Term Incentive Programs (continued)
            (c)    Share awards granted by a shareholder (continued)
                   Details of movement of shares awards granted by a shareholder during the prior year are as follows:


                                                                                                            Number of awarded shares

                                                                                                                                        Cancelled/
                                                                                                 Granted                Vested              lapsed
                                                                                     As at        during                during              during            As at
                   Grantees      Date of grant   Vesting period                 1 Jan 2022       the year              the year           the year      31 Dec 2022

                   Employees     1 April 2022    1 April 2022 to 1 April 2025           —     65,475,000                    —           (5,430,000)      60,045,000
                                 1 April 2022    1 April 2022 to 1 April 2026           —     65,475,000                    —           (5,430,000)      60,045,000
                                 1 April 2022    1 April 2022 to 1 April 2027           —     87,300,000                    —           (7,240,000)      80,060,000
                                 14 Sep 2022     14 Sep 2022 to 14 Sep 2025             —      2,670,000                    —             (900,000)       1,770,000
                                 14 Sep 2022     14 Sep 2022 to 14 Sep 2026             —      2,670,000                    —             (900,000)       1,770,000
                                 14 Sep 2022     14 Sep 2022 to 14 Sep 2027             —      3,560,000                    —           (1,200,000)       2,360,000
                   Total                                                                —    227,150,000                    —          (21,100,000)     206,050,000

            For the year ended 31 December 2023, options and awards to subscribe for a total of 53,000,000 shares
            of the Company were granted under the Share Option Scheme and Share Award Scheme, representing
            approximately 0.45% of the weighted average number of issued shares of the Company.

      38.   Capital and Other Commitments
            At the end of the reporting period, the Group had the following capital and other commitments:


                                                                                                                                  2023                     2022
                                                                                                                           RMB’000                    RMB’000

            Capital expenditure in respect of acquisition of property, plant and
               equipment contracted for but not provided in the consolidated financial
               statements                                                                                                 1,088,060                   1,685,261
            Commitments arising from unlisted equity investments in partnerships                                             531,485                   610,856

      39.   Capital Risk Management
            The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern
            while maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The
            Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

            The capital structure of the Group consists of net cash, which includes the bank borrowings as disclosed
            in note 30 and amounts due to related companies and joint ventures in note 42, net of cash and cash
            equivalents, and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising issued share capital, accumulated
            profits and other reserves.

            The Directors review the capital structure on a regular basis. As part of this review, the Directors consider
            the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on recommendations of the
            Directors, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the payment of dividends, new share
            issues and share buy-backs as well as the issue of new debt and the repayment of existing debt.

132   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




40.   Financial Instruments
      40a.   Categories of financial instruments
                                                                                                2023             2022
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

             Financial assets
             FVTPL
                   — other financial assets                                               1,661,791         1,843,961
                   — structured bank deposits                                             1,077,054         3,574,859
             FVTOCI
                   — other financial assets                                                 725,368           281,613
                   — bills receivables                                                    2,211,169         1,561,531
             Amortised cost                                                              20,385,403        15,772,685


             Financial liabilities
             Amortised cost                                                               8,656,717         6,969,710


      40b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies
             The major financial instruments of the Group include trade receivables, other receivables, bills
             receivables, amounts due from related companies and joint ventures, other financial assets, structured
             bank deposits, bank deposits, pledged and restricted bank deposits, balances and cash, trade
             payables, other payables, bills payables, amounts due to related companies and joint ventures, lease
             liabilities and bank borrowings. Details of these financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes.
             The risks associated with these financial instruments include market risk (currency risk and other price
             risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The
             management manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented
             in a timely and effective manner.


             Market risk
             (i)       Currency risk
                       The Group mainly operates in the PRC with most of the transactions denominated and settled
                       in RMB. However, several subsidiaries of the Company have foreign currency sales, mainly
                       denominated in United States Dollars (“US$”), and bank balances and cash denominated in US$
                       and HK$, which expose the Group to foreign currency risk.


                       The Group currently does not have a foreign currency hedging policy. However, management will
                       monitor foreign exchange exposure closely and consider the use of hedging instruments should
                       the need arise.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023     133
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      40.   Financial Instruments (continued)
            40b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                   Market risk (continued)
                   (i)    Currency risk (continued)
                          The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets and
                          monetary liabilities at the end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                     Liabilities                          Assets
                                                                   2023               2022             2023              2022
                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000

                          HK$                                    63,434              1,339           183,830            69,570
                          US$                                         —             27,598           909,656       1,748,721


                          Sensitivity analysis
                          The Group is mainly exposed to currency risk of HK$ and US$.


                          The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% (2022: 5%) increase and decrease in
                          RMB against HK$ and US$. 5% (2022: 5%) is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign
                          currency risk internally to key management personnel and represents management’s assessment
                          of the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis includes
                          only outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at
                          the year-end for a 5% (2022: 5%) change in foreign currency rates. The post-tax profit would
                          decrease by the below amounts where RMB strengthens 5% (2022: 5%) against the relevant
                          currency. For a 5% (2022: 5%) weakening of RMB against the relevant currency, there would be
                          an equal and opposite impact on the post-tax profit and other equity.


                                                                   HK$ Impact (i)                     US$ Impact (ii)
                                                                   2023               2022             2023              2022
                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000

                          Post-tax profit                         (4,816)            (2,729)         (36,226)        (68,845)


                          (i)    This is mainly attributable to the exposure to outstanding HK$ denominated bank
                                 balances at the end of the reporting period.


                          (ii)   This is mainly attributable to the exposure to outstanding US$ denominated bank
                                 balances and trade receivables at the end of the reporting period.




134   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




40.   Financial Instruments (continued)
      40b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
             Market risk (continued)
             (ii)   Other price risk
                    The Group is exposed to equity price risk through its investments in listed equity securities. The
                    Group also invested in certain unquoted equity securities for long-term strategic purposes which
                    had been designated as FVTOCI. The Group has appointed a special team to monitor the price
                    risk.


                    Sensitivity analysis
                    The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to equity price risk
                    at the reporting date.


                    If the prices of the respective listed equity instruments had been 5% (2022: 5%) higher/lower:


                    •       Other reserves would increase/decrease by RMB987,000 (2022: RMB1,212,000) for the
                            Group as a result of the changes in fair value of the listed equity investments measured at
                            FVTOCI.


                    •       Post-tax profit would increase/decrease by RMB3,425,000 (2022: RMB3,811,000) for the
                            Group as a result of the changes in fair value of the listed equity investments measured at
                            FVTPL.


             Credit risk and impairment assessment
             As at 31 December 2022 and 2023, the maximum exposure to credit risk by the Group which will
             cause a financial loss to the Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties
             is arising from the carrying amounts of the respective recognised financial assets as stated in the
             consolidated statement of financial position.


             The Group has concentration of credit risk on liquid funds which are deposited with several banks with
             high credit ratings.


             The Group’s concentration of credit risk by geographical locations on trade receivables is mainly in the
             PRC.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023     135
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      40.   Financial Instruments (continued)
            40b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                   Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)
                   Trade receivables arising from contracts with customers
                   In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible
                   for determination of credit limits and credit approvals. Before accepting any new customer, the Group
                   assesses the potential customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. Limits attributed
                   to customers are reviewed twice a year.


                   Other monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue
                   debts. In addition, the Group has applied the simplified approach to measure the loss allowance
                   at lifetime ECL. Except for trade receivables with major customers and credit-impaired balances
                   which are assessed individually, the Group determines the ECL on the remaining balances by
                   using a provision matrix grouped by common risk characteristic. As part of the Group’s credit risk
                   management, the Group uses debtors’ aging to assess the impairment for its customers in relation to
                   its operation because these customers consist of a large number of small customers with common risk
                   characteristics that are representative of the customers’ abilities to pay all amounts due in accordance
                   with the contractual terms. Loss allowance amount of the credit-impaired trade receivables is measured
                   as the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash
                   flows with the consideration of expected future credit losses. In this regard, the Directors consider that
                   the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.


                   The Group rebuts the presumption of default under ECL for trade receivables over 90 days past due
                   based on the strong financial position with good repayment records of those customers and continuous
                   business relationship with the Group.


                   Trade receivables with major customers and with an aggregate gross carrying amount of
                   RMB3,698,625,000 as at 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB2,060,007,000) are assessed individually.
                   These balances are from counterparties which have low risk of default and usually settle within credit
                   period. The exposure to credit risk for these balances are assessed within lifetime ECL with an average
                   loss rate of approximately 0.44% (2022: 0.30%), impairment allowance of RMB16,215,000 (2022:
                   RMB6,256,000) was provided by the Group as at 31 December 2023.


                   The remaining trade receivables with gross carrying amount of RMB2,212,735,000 (2022:
                   RMB1,901,685,000) are assessed based on debtors’ aging. The following table provides information
                   about the exposure to credit risk for trade receivables which are assessed within lifetime ECL (not
                   credit-impaired) as at 31 December 2022 and 2023.




136   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




40.   Financial Instruments (continued)
      40b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
             Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)
             Trade receivables arising from contracts with customers (continued)
             Gross carrying amount


                                                        Average loss rate
                                                           2023             2022            2023             2022
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

             Current (not past due)                      0.06%            0.05%        1,976,965       1,738,343
             1 — 270 days past due                        6.1%              5.1%         221,852         152,076
             More than 270 days past due                 79.9%            77.7%           13,918           11,266

                                                                                       2,212,735       1,901,685


             The estimated loss rates are based on historical observed default rates over the expected life of the
             trade receivables and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue
             cost or effort. The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure relevant information about
             specific trade receivable is updated.


             As at 31 December 2023, the Group provided RMB25,922,000 (2022: RMB17,469,000) impairment
             allowance for trade receivables based on the provision matrix other than those major customers. No
             impairment allowance was made on credit-impaired debtors.


             The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for trade receivables
             under the simplified approach:


                                                                                                    Lifetime ECL
                                                                                                      (not credit-
                                                                                                        impaired)
                                                                                                        RMB’000

             As at 1 January 2022                                                                          49,459
             Impairment losses reversed                                                                   (25,734)

             As at 31 December 2022                                                                        23,725
             Impairment losses recognised                                                                  18,412

             As at 31 December 2023                                                                        42,137




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023    137
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      40.   Financial Instruments (continued)
            40b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                   Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)
                   Trade receivables arising from contracts with customers (continued)
                   The Group writes off a trade receivable when there is information indicating that the debtor is in severe
                   financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the debtor has been placed
                   under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or when the trade receivable is over two
                   years past due, whichever occurs earlier.


                   Other receivables
                   The management believes that there is no significant increase in credit risk of other receivables since
                   initial recognition and the Group provided impairment based on 12m ECL. During the year ended 31
                   December 2023, no impairment loss on other receivables (2022: nil) was recognied by the Group.


                   Bills receivables
                   The credit risk of bills receivables is limited because the counterparties are mainly banks/financial
                   institutions with high credit ratings assigned by independent credit-rating agencies. The Group
                   measures the loss allowance at 12m ECL as there has been no significant increase in credit risk since
                   initial recognition. As at 31 December 2023, the gross carrying amount of bills receivables measured
                   at amortised cost and FVTOCI are RMB1,474,113,000 and RMB2,211,169,000 respectively (2022:
                   RMB1,041,020,000 and RMB1,561,531,000, respectively), the 12m ECL is considered immaterial for
                   both years.


                   Amounts due from related companies
                   In order to minimise the credit risk, the Group will assess the credit quality of related companies.
                   Other monitoring procedures are also in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover
                   overdue debts. The Group measures the loss allowance at lifetime ECL. As at 31 December 2023,
                   the gross carrying amounts of receivables due from related companies is RMB157,313,000 (2022:
                   RMB195,643,000).


                   For the purpose of impairment assessment for trade receivables and other receivables from related
                   companies, the lifetime ECL and 12m ECL are considered to be immaterial after considering
                   counterparties’ financial background and creditability.


                   Amounts due from joint ventures
                   The Group measures the loss allowance at 12m ECL as there has been no significant increase in credit
                   risk since initial recognition. As at 31 December 2023, the gross carrying amount of amounts due from
                   joint ventures is RMB129,531,000 (2022: RMB100,048,000). During the year ended 31 December
                   2023, no impairment loss on amounts due from joint ventures (2022: nil) was recognised by the Group.


                   For the purpose of impairment assessment for amounts due from joint ventures, exposure to credit risk
                   for those balances are assessed individually with 12m ECL.




138   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




40.   Financial Instruments (continued)
      40b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
             Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)
             Bank deposits/bank balances/pledged and restricted bank deposits
             The credit risk of bank deposits, bank balances, pledged and restricted bank deposits and structured
             bank deposits are limited because the counterparties are mainly banks/financial institutions with high
             credit ratings assigned by independent credit-rating agencies. The Group measures the loss allowance
             at 12m ECL as there has been no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. As at 31
             December 2023, the gross carrying amount of bank deposits, bank balances, pledged and restricted
             bank deposits are RMB2,240,000,000, RMB10,490,845,000 and RMB24,378,000, respectively
             (2022: RMB2,420,000,000, RMB8,000,852,000 and RMB77,155,000, respectively), the 12m ECL is
             considered immaterial for both years.


             Liquidity risk
             In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash
             equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the operations of the Group and mitigate
             the effects of fluctuations in cash flows. The management monitors the utilisation of bank borrowings
             and ensures compliance with the relevant loan covenants.


             The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial
             liabilities and derivative instrument. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash
             flows of the financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay.


             The table includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are floating
             rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from rate curve at the end of the reporting period.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023   139
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      40.   Financial Instruments (continued)
            40b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                   Liquidity risk (continued)
                   As at 31 December 2023


                                                             Weighted      Less than
                                                               average       1 month                3 months                  More         Total
                                                              effective         or on      1-3             to      1-3       than 3 undiscounted      Carrying
                                                          interest rate      demand      months        1 year     years       years cash flows         amount
                                                                     %      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000

                   Non-derivative financial liabilities
                   Trade payables                                    —       431,444    1,994,671          —          —          —       2,426,115    2,426,115
                   Other payables                                    —     5,307,733           —           —          —          —       5,307,733    5,307,733
                   Bills payables                                    —        75,175      86,619     253,830          —          —         415,624     415,624
                   Amounts due to related companies                  —        21,436           —           —          —          —          21,436      21,436
                   Amounts due to joint ventures                     —        35,587           —           —          —          —          35,587      35,587
                   Lease liabilities                               4.35       12,635      25,271     113,203      83,239     37,373        271,721     256,685
                   Bank borrowings                                 5.26       75,856     217,811     160,339          —          —         454,006     450,216

                                                                           5,959,866    2,324,372    527,372      83,239     37,373      8,932,222    8,913,396


                   As at 31 December 2022


                                                              Weighted     Less than
                                                                average     1 month                 3 months                  More            Total
                                                               effective       or on       1-3             to      1-3       than 3   undiscounted     Carrying
                                                           interest rate    demand       months        1 year     years       years     cash flows      amount
                                                                      %    RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000

                   Non-derivative financial liabilities
                   Trade payables                                    —       174,240    1,333,746          —          —          —       1,507,986    1,507,986
                   Other payables                                    —     4,541,413           —           —          —          —       4,541,413    4,541,413
                   Bills payables                                    —            —      336,030     166,049          —          —         502,079     502,079
                   Amounts due to related companies                  —       104,938           —           —          —          —         104,938     104,938
                   Amounts due to joint ventures                     —       130,860           —           —          —          —         130,860     130,860
                   Lease liabilities                               4.35       13,167      26,087     115,764     215,308     58,333        428,659     400,110
                   Bank borrowings                                 4.50           —            —     160,396      30,254         —         190,650     182,434

                                                                           4,964,618    1,695,863    442,209     245,562     58,333      7,406,585    7,369,820




140   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




40.   Financial Instruments (continued)
      40c.   Fair value measurement of financial instruments
             (i)    Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring
                    basis
                    Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end
                    of each reporting period. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these
                    financial assets and financial liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s)
                    and inputs used):

                                                                                                                            Significant         Relationship of
                    Financial assets/                                      Fair value Valuation techniques                  Unobservable        unobservable inputs
                    financial liabilities          Fair value as at        hierarchy and key input(s)                       input(s)            to fair value
                                                      31              31
                                               December        December
                                                    2023            2022
                                                RMB’000         RMB’000
                    Equity securities listed      88,236        100,457       Level 1 Quoted bid prices in an active        N/A                 N/A
                       in Hong Kong                                                     market.
                    Unquoted investments       2,298,923       2,025,117      Level 3 Recent transaction prices of          N/A                 N/A
                                                                                         underlying investments.
                                                                                       Discount cash flows – in this     Estimated discount     The higher the estimated
                                                                                          approach, the discounted           rate                  discount rate, the
                                                                                          cash flow method was used to                             lower the fair value,
                                                                                          capture the present value of                             vice versa.
                                                                                          future expected cash flows to
                                                                                          be derived from the underlying
                                                                                          assets.
                                                                                                                            Long-term pre-tax   The higher the long-
                                                                                                                            operating margin       term pre-tax
                                                                                                                                                   operating margin,
                                                                                                                                                   the higher the fair
                                                                                                                                                   value, vice versa.
                    Bills receivables          2,211,169       1,561,531      Level 2 Discounted cash flow at a discount N/A                    N/A
                        measured at                                                      rate that reflects the credit risk of
                        FVTOCI                                                           issuers
                    Structured bank            1,077,054       3,574,859      Level 2 Expected yields of underlying          N/A                N/A
                       deposits                                                          investments in and commodities,
                                                                                         bonds and funds invested by
                                                                                         bank at a discount rate that
                                                                                         reflect the credit risk of the bank

                    There were no transfers between levels in both years.


                    Unrealised fair value loss of RMB6,003,000 net of tax is included in OCI for the year ended 31
                    December 2023 (2022: gain of RMB13,013,000) is related to other financial assets measured at
                    FVTOCI held at 31 December 2023 and are reported as changes of “other reserve”.




                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023              141
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      40.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            40c.   Fair value measurement of financial instruments (continued)
                   (i)     Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring
                           basis (continued)
                           In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses market-observable data
                           to the extent it is available. Where Level 1 and 2 inputs are not available, the Group engages
                           third party qualified valuers to perform the valuation. The finance department works closely
                           with the qualified external valuers to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs
                           to the model. The management reports to the Directors every quarter to explain the cause of
                           fluctuations in the fair value of the assets and liabilities.


                           Information about the valuation techniques and inputs used in determining the fair value of
                           various assets are disclosed above.


                   (ii)    Reconciliation of Level 3 Measurements


                                                                                                                   Unquoted
                                                                                                                        equity
                                                                                                                 investments
                                                                                                                     RMB’000

                           At 1 January 2022                                                                        1,912,620
                           Total gains
                             — in other comprehensive income                                                           18,458
                             — in profit or loss                                                                       64,051
                           Purchase of unquoted equity investments                                                    103,165
                           Proceeds from distribution of unquoted equity investments                                   (73,177)


                           At 31 December 2022                                                                      2,025,117
                           Total losses
                             — in other comprehensive income                                                            (1,737)
                             — in profit or loss                                                                     (202,998)
                           Purchase of unquoted equity investments                                                    532,818
                           Proceeds from distribution of unquoted equity investments                                  (54,277)
                           At 31 December 2023                                                                      2,298,923


                   (iii)   Fair value of financial instruments that are recorded at amortised cost
                           The Directors consider that the carrying amounts of other financial assets and financial liabilities
                           recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair
                           values.




142   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




41.   Reconciliation of Liabilities Arising from Financing Activities
      The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash
      and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or
      future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from
      financing activities.


                                                                            Dividend
                                                                          payable to
                                             Bank          Dividend non-controlling             Lease
                                      borrowings            payable         interests       liabilities           Total
                                          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000
                                           (note 30)        (note 12)                         (note 32)

      At 1 January 2022                          —                —                —           94,044           94,044
      Financing cash flows                350,639       (2,096,961)          (20,475)       (138,690)      (1,905,487)
      Acquisition of a subsidiary           46,790               —                —                 —          46,790
      Finance costs recognised              11,440               —                —           13,451           24,891
      Maturity of bills receivables
         discounted with recourse         (226,435)              —                —                 —        (226,435)
      Dividend declared                         —        2,096,961           20,475                 —       2,117,436
      New leases entered                        —                —                —          425,855          425,855
      Exchange adjustments                      —                —                —             5,450            5,450

      At 31 December 2022                 182,434                —                —          400,110          582,544
      Financing cash flows                500,749       (2,726,253)          (26,003)       (152,225)      (2,403,732)
      Finance costs recognised              12,261               —                —           13,635           25,896
      Maturity of bills receivables
         discounted with recourse        (245,228)               —                —                 —        (245,228)
      Dividend declared                         —        2,726,253           26,003                 —       2,752,256
      Lease terminated                          —                —                —           (13,519)        (13,519)
      New lease entered                         —                —                —             6,901            6,901
      Exchange adjustments                      —                —                —             1,783            1,783

      At 31 December 2023                 450,216                —                —          256,685          706,901




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023     143
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      42.   Related Party Disclosures
            During the year, the Group had significant transactions and balances with related parties. Other than those
            disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, the Group had also entered into the following
            significant transactions with related parties and the balances with them at the end of the reporting period are
            as follows:


            (i)    Related companies and joint ventures
                   Relationships            Nature of transactions/balances                         2023             2022
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000

                   Related companies        Sale of pharmaceutical products                      845,539          734,053
                      (note a)              Payment of lease liabilities                         128,941          123,065
                                            Purchase of pharmaceutical products                   21,991           11,221
                                            Balance due from/(to) the related companies
                                              — trade receivables (note b)
                                                  aged 0 — 90 days                               121,823          150,715
                                                  aged 91 — 180 days                              27,034           11,912
                                                  aged 181 — 365 days                                  —             1,503
                                                  aged over 365 days                               1,609             2,326

                                                                                                 150,466          166,456

                                              — other receivables (note c)                         6,847           29,187
                                              — trade payables (note b)
                                                  aged 0 — 90 days                               (18,770)          (32,723)
                                                  aged 91 — 180 days                                   (2)            (468)
                                                  aged 181 — 365 days                                (273)          (1,904)
                                                  aged over 365 days                                  (16)         (48,091)

                                                                                                 (19,061)          (83,186)

                                              — other payables (note c)                            (2,375)         (21,752)
                                              — lease liabilities                               (160,558)        (293,665)




144   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




42.   Related Party Disclosures (continued)
      (i)    Related companies and joint ventures (continued)
             Relationships               Nature of transactions/balances                                 2023              2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000

             Joint ventures              Purchase of raw materials                                   183,692           214,200
                                         Research and development expenses                             24,231            22,667

                                         Balance due from/(to) joint ventures
                                           — trade receivables (note b)
                                                aged 0 — 90 days                                        3,038                 81
                                                aged 91 — 180 days                                      3,693                 —

                                                                                                        6,731                 81

                                           — other receivables (note c)                              122,800             99,967
                                           — trade payables (note b)
                                                aged 0 — 90 days                                      (27,179)          (99,215)
                                                aged 91 — 180 days                                        (589)         (13,102)
                                                aged 181 — 365 days                                       (186)               —
                                                aged over 365 days                                         (79)               —

                                                                                                      (28,033)         (112,317)

                                           — other payables (note c)                                   (7,554)          (18,543)


      (ii)   Compensation to key management personnel
             The details of the compensation paid to the executive directors of the Company during the year are set
             out in note 9.


             Notes:


             a.       Mr. Cai Dongchen, executive director and the Chairman of the Company, has significant influence over
                      the Company and exercises control over CSPC Holdings Company Limited (“CHL”) through a series of
                      controlled corporations. Accordingly, CHL and its subsidiaries and associates (the “CHL Group”) are related
                      parties of the Group.


             b.       The general credit period for trade receivables and payables is 90 days (2022: 90 days).


             c.       The amounts are unsecured, repayable on demand and non-interest bearing.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023      145
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      43.   Employee Retirement Benefit Schemes
            The Group has offered a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme for all qualifying employees in Hong Kong. The
            assets of the scheme are held separately from those of the Group in funds under the control of trustees.
            Contributions are made by both the employer and the employee based on a certain percentage of the
            employees’ relevant income. The Group’s contributions will be fully and immediately vested in the employees’
            accounts as their accrued benefits in the scheme. There was no contribution forfeited by the Group during the
            year.


            The employees of the subsidiaries in the PRC are members of a state-managed retirement benefit scheme
            operated by the PRC government. The relevant subsidiaries are required to make contributions to the
            retirement benefit scheme based on a certain percentage of payroll costs stipulated by the local government
            authorities. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement benefit scheme is to make the
            specified contributions. Upon retirement, the local government authorities are responsible for the payment of
            the retirement benefits to the retired employees.


            The Group established a 401(k) savings trust plan (“401(k) Plan”), a defined contribution plan funded by
            employers and employees, in the US that qualifies as an Inland Revenue Service (“IRS”) deferred salary
            arrangement under Section 401(k) of the US Internal Revenue Code. Under the 401(k) Plan, participating
            employees may elect to contribute up to a maximum amount subject to certain IRS limitations.


            During the year, the contributions made by the Group relating to the above arrangements were
            RMB241,560,000 (2022: RMB254,686,000), of which RMB1,022,000 (2022: RMB860,000) and
            RMB3,389,000 (2022: RMB3,368,000) were attributable to the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme in Hong
            Kong and 401(k) Plan in the US, respectively.




146   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




44.   Particulars of Subsidiaries
      44.1   General information of subsidiaries
             The Directors are of the opinion that a complete list of particulars of all subsidiaries will be of excessive
             length and therefore the following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries as at 31 December
             2022 and 2023 which principally affect the results or assets of the Group.


                                           Place of                                                                        Percentage of nominal value of
                                           incorporation/                                                                      issued share capital/
                                           registration                             Paid up issued/                 registered capital and voting power held
             Name of subsidiary            and operations Legal form                registered capital                            by the Company                                   Principal activities
                                                                                                                    2023                                       2022
                                                                                                         Directly             Indirectly           Directly           Indirectly
                                                                                                              %                      %                    %                  %

             Dragon Merit Holdings Limited Hong Kong        Limited liability       RMB639,800,001             –                    100                    –               100 Investment holding


             CSPC Weisheng                 The PRC          Foreign investment      US$106,348,000           100                      –                 100                   – Manufacture and sale of
               Pharmaceutical                                  enterprise with                                                                                                       vitamin C products
               (Shijiazhuang) Co., Ltd.                        limited liability


             CSPC Zhongnuo                 The PRC          Sino-foreign equity     RMB678,555,900         88.82                  10.57                88.82             10.57 Manufacturing and sale of
               Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                        joint venture with                                                                                                    pharmaceutical products
                                                               limited liability


             CSPC Zhongqi                  The PRC          Foreign investment      RMB39,754,680            100                      –                 100                   – Pharmaceutical research
               Pharmaceutical Technology                       enterprise with                                                                                                       and development
               (Shijiazhuang) Co., Ltd.                        limited liability


             CSPC Yinhu Pharmaceutical     The PRC          Limited liability       RMB150,000,000             –                  89.45                    –             89.45 Manufacture and sale of
               Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                                             pharmaceutical products


             Recomgen                      The PRC          Limited liability       RMB203,341,507             –                     69                    –             54.83 Manufacture and sale of
                                                                                                                                                                                     pharmaceutical product


             CSPC Zhongnuo                 The PRC          Limited liability       RMB170,000,000             –                  74.40                    –             77.95 Manufacture and sales
               Pharmaceutical (Taizhou)                                                                                                                                              of health supplement
               Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                                             products


             CSPC NBP Pharmaceutical       The PRC          Foreign investment      RMB413,594,300         54.06                  45.94                54.06             45.94 Manufacture and sales of
               Co., Ltd.                                       enterprise with                                                                                                       pharmaceutical products
                                                               limited liability
             CSPC Ouyi Pharmaceutical      The PRC          Limited liability       RMB298,000,000             –                    100                    –               100 Manufacture and sales of
               Co., Ltd. (“Ouyi”)                                                                                                                                                    pharmaceutical products



                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023                       147
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      44.   Particulars of Subsidiaries (continued)
            44.1   General information of subsidiaries (continued)

                                                Place of                                                                       Percentage of nominal value of
                                                incorporation/                                                                     issued share capital/
                                                registration                            Paid up issued/                 registered capital and voting power held
                   Name of subsidiary           and operations Legal form               registered capital                            by the Company                                   Principal activities
                                                                                                                        2023                                       2022
                                                                                                             Directly             Indirectly           Directly           Indirectly
                                                                                                                  %                      %                    %                  %

                   CSPC Innovation              The PRC          Limited liability      RMB1,170,742,154           –                  74.40                    –             77.95 Manufacture and sales of
                     Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                            caffeine products
                     (“CSPC Innovation”)


                   CSPC Baike (Shandong)        The PRC          Limited liability      RMB734,700,000             –                    100                33.62             66.38 Manufacture and sales of
                     Biopharmaceutical Co.,                                                                                                                                              pharmaceutical products
                     Ltd.


                   CSPC Shengxue Glucose Co., The PRC            Limited liability      RMB500,000,000             –                    100                    –               100 Manufacture and sales of
                     Ltd.                                                                                                                                                                pharmaceutical products


                   Hebei Zhongnuo GWK           The PRC          Limited liability      RMB30,000,000              –                  74.40                    –             77.95 Manufacture and sales
                     Medicines & Health                                                                                                                                                  of health supplement
                     Products Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                                  products


                   CSPC Taizhou GWK             The PRC          Limited liability      RMB70,000,000              –                  74.40                    –             77.95 Sales of health supplement
                     Medicines & Health                                                                                                                                                  products
                     Products Co., Ltd.


                   CSPC Neimenggu Zhongnuo The PRC               Limited liability      RMB66,867,900              –                  99.39                    –             99.39 Manufacture and sales of
                     Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                            pharmaceutical products


                   Shijiazhang Ouyihe Medical   The PRC          Foreign investment     RMB200,000,000           100                      –                 100                   – Sales of pharmaceutical
                     Trading Co., Ltd.                              enterprise with                                                                                                      products
                                                                    limited liability


                   Xinshi Biopharmaceutical     The PRC          Limited liability      RMB132,800,000             –                    100                    –               100 Pharmaceutical research
                     Limited                                                                                                                                                             and development


                   CSPC Shanghai Co., Ltd.      The PRC          Limited liability      RMB800,000,000             –                    100                    –               100 Investment holding




148   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




44.   Particulars of Subsidiaries (continued)
      44.1   General information of subsidiaries (continued)

                                           Place of                                                                    Percentage of nominal value of
                                           incorporation/                                                                  issued share capital/
                                           registration                         Paid up issued/                 registered capital and voting power held
             Name of subsidiary            and operations Legal form            registered capital                            by the Company                                  Principal activities
                                                                                                                2023                                      2022
                                                                                                     Directly             Indirectly           Directly          Indirectly
                                                                                                          %                      %                  %                   %

             Shanghai Yishi                The PRC          Limited liability   RMB10,000,000              –                    100                  –                100 Pharmaceutical research
               Pharmaceutical Technology                                                                                                                                        and development
               Co., Ltd.


             Shanghai Runshi               The PRC          Limited liability   RMB10,000,000              –                     89                  –                  89 Pharmaceutical research
               Pharmaceutical Technology                                                                                                                                        and development
               Co., Ltd.


             CSPC Megalith                 The PRC          Limited liability   RMB2,040,816,326           –                    100                  –                100 Manufacture and sales of
               Biopharmaceutical Co.,                                                                                                                                           vaccines
               Ltd.


             Beijing Kangchuanglian        The PRC          Limited liability   RMB5,000,000               –                    100                  –                100 Pharmaceutical research
               Biopharmaceutical                                                                                                                                                and development
               Technology Research Co.,
               Ltd.


             Shanghai JMT-BIO Technology The PRC            Limited liability   RMB70,000,000              –                    100                  –                100 Pharmaceutical research
               Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                                        and development


             Shanghai JMT-BIO              The PRC          Limited liability   RMB20,000,000              –                    100                  –                100 Pharmaceutical research
               Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                         and development


             Shanghai Novarock             The PRC          Limited liability   US$10,000,000              –                  68.73                  –                  70 Pharmaceutical research
               Biopharmaceutical Co.,                                                                                                                                           and development
               Ltd.


             Shanghai Alamab               The PRC          Limited liability   US$10,000,000              –                  79.69                  –                  85 Pharmaceutical research
               Biopharmaceutical Co.,                                                                                                                                           and development
               Ltd.




                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023                  149
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      44.   Particulars of Subsidiaries (continued)
            44.1   General information of subsidiaries (continued)

                                                  Place of                                                                    Percentage of nominal value of
                                                  incorporation/                                                                  issued share capital/
                                                  registration                         Paid up issued/                 registered capital and voting power held
                   Name of subsidiary             and operations Legal form            registered capital                            by the Company                                  Principal activities
                                                                                                                       2023                                      2022
                                                                                                            Directly             Indirectly           Directly          Indirectly
                                                                                                                 %                      %                  %                   %

                   Conjupro Bioerapecitics Inc.   USA              Limited liability   US$1,292,900               –                    100                  –                100 Pharmaceutical research
                                                                                                                                                                                       and development


                   CSPC Healthcare Inc.           USA              Limited liability   US$74,400                  –                    100                  –                100 Sales of pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                                                                       products


                   CSPC Dophen Corporation        USA              Limited liability   US$10                      –                    100                  –                100 Pharmaceutical research
                                                                                                                                                                                       and development


                   AlaMab Therapeutics, Inc.      USA              Limited liability   US$533                     –                  79.69                  –                  85 Pharmaceutical research
                                                                                                                                                                                       and development


                   Novarock Biotherapeutics       USA              Limited liability   US$519                     –                  68.73                  –                  70 Pharmaceutical research
                     Limited                                                                                                                                                           and development


                   CSPC Innovation USA Inc.       USA              Limited liability   US$50,000                  –                   74.4                  –              77.95 Sales of pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                                                                       products


                   CSPC Dermay Europe GMBH Germany                 Limited liability   EUR50,000                  –                    100                  –                100 Sales of pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                                                                       products


                   CSPC Deryang Europe GMBH Germany                Limited liability   EUR50,000                  –                   74.4                  –              77.95 Sales of pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                                                                       products

                   None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year or at any time during the
                   year.




150   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




44.   Particulars of Subsidiaries (continued)
      44.2   Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests
             The table below shows details of non-wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Group that have material non-
             controlling interests:


                                         Place of      Proportion of ownership
                                       incorporation     interests and voting
                                       and principal     rights held by non-          Profit/(loss) allocated to non-    Accumulated non-
             Name of subsidiary place of business       controlling interests             controlling interests          controlling interests
                                                            2023               2022           2023             2022         2023             2022
                                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000

             CSPC Innovation             The PRC          25.60%          22.05%           177,353          160,342     1,303,394         872,356
             Recomgen                    The PRC          31.00%          45.17%            41,023           (14,327)    347,980          423,013

             Individually immaterial
                subsidiaries with
                non-controlling
                interests                                                                   (19,008)          (5,355)    163,430          148,972

                                                                                           199,368          140,660     1,814,804       1,444,341


             Summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s subsidiaries that have material non-
             controlling interests is set out below. The summarised financial information below represents amounts
             before intragroup eliminations.




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023          151
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      44.   Particulars of Subsidiaries (continued)
            44.2   Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests
                   (continued)
                   CSPC Innovation
                                                                                              2023          2022
                                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000

                   Current assets                                                        4,219,882     3,190,593
                   Non-current assets                                                    1,412,242     1,393,443
                   Current liabilities                                                    (510,838)     (582,768)
                   Non-current liabilities                                                  (34,123)      (57,073)
                   Equity attributable to owners of the Company                          3,781,240     3,071,839
                   Non-controlling interests                                             1,305,923       872,356

                   Revenue                                                               2,450,350     2,571,242
                   Cost of sales                                                         (1,335,906)   (1,844,630)

                   Profit for the year                                                     755,318       726,612

                   Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the
                      Company                                                              577,965       566,270
                   Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to the non-
                      controlling interests                                                177,353       160,342

                   Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                      755,318       726,612

                   Dividends paid to non-controlling interests of
                      CSPC Innovation                                                       26,003        20,475

                   Net cash inflow from operating activities                               927,241       640,718
                   Net cash (outflow)/inflow from investing activities                      (92,986)     311,878
                   Net cash inflow/(outflow) from financing activities                     365,206        (63,006)
                   Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                  31,165        57,550

                   Net cash inflow                                                       1,230,626       947,140




152   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




44.   Particulars of Subsidiaries (continued)
      44.2   Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests
             (continued)
             Recomgen
                                                                               2023            2022
                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000

             Current assets                                                 164,638         100,500
             Non-current assets                                            1,175,240      1,086,471
             Current liabilities                                             (58,440)      (113,016)
             Non-current liabilities                                        (126,581)      (137,387)
             Equity attributable to owners of the Company                   818,152         513,555
             Non-controlling interests                                      336,705         423,013

             Revenue                                                        293,968         101,429
             Profit/(loss) for the period since acquisition                 119,875         (29,528)

             Profit/(loss) and total comprehensive income/(expense)
                attributable to owners of the Company                         78,852        (15,201)
             Profit/(loss) and total comprehensive income/(expense)
                attributable to the non-controlling interests                 41,023        (14,327)

             Profit/(loss) and total comprehensive income/(expense)
                for the year/the period since acquisition                   119,875         (29,528)

             Net cash inflow/(outflow) from operating activities              49,163        (10,995)
             Net cash outflow from investing activities                      (64,534)       (42,045)
             Net cash inflow from financing activities                        48,856         79,393

             Net cash inflow/(outflow)                                        33,485        (26,353)




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023   153
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      45.   Statement of Financial Position and Reserves of the Company
                                                                                           2023           2022
                                                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000

            Non-current assets
            Property, plant and equipment                                                   872            105
            Investments in subsidiaries                                                9,343,624     9,316,594
            Other financial assets                                                        19,733        24,240
            Amounts due from subsidiaries                                              2,910,124     2,885,625
            Right-of-use assets                                                            5,199           711

                                                                                      12,279,552    12,227,275

            Current assets
            Other receivables                                                              2,546         1,178
            Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                406,970       440,278
            Bank balances and cash                                                       340,597       196,541

                                                                                         750,113       637,997

            Current liabilities
            Other payables                                                                71,794        80,282
            Tax liabilities                                                               24,726        24,726
            Lease liabilities                                                              2,462           593

                                                                                          98,982       105,601

            Net current assets                                                           651,131       532,396

            Total assets less current liabilities                                     12,930,683    12,759,671

            Non-current liability
            Lease liabilities                                                              2,831           144

            Net assets                                                                12,927,852    12,759,527

            Capital and reserves
            Share capital                                                             10,899,412    10,899,412
            Reserves                                                                   2,028,440     1,860,115

            Total equity                                                              12,927,852    12,759,527


            The Company’s statement of financial position was approved and authorised for issue by the Board of
            Directors on 20 March 2024 and are signed on its behalf by:


                                       CAI Dongchen                       CHAK Kin Man
                                            DIRECTOR                       DIRECTOR




154   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023




45.   Statement of Financial Position and Reserves of the Company (continued)
      Movement in the Company’s reserves
                                                                                     Employee
                                                         Investments     Treasury share-based          Capital
                                                            valuation       share compensation    contribution   Accumulated
                                                              reserve     reserve     reserves        reserve         profits       Total
                                                             RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


      At 1 January 2022                                        (7,696)    (85,600)      17,671              —       2,321,086    2,245,461


      Profit for the year                                          —           —            —               —       1,575,511    1,575,511
      Other comprehensive expense for the year                 (6,369)         —            —               —              —        (6,369)


      Total comprehensive (expense)/
         income for the year                                   (6,369)         —            —               —       1,575,511    1,569,142


      Dividend recognised as distribution                          —           —            —               —      (2,096,961)   (2,096,961)
      Recognition of employee share-based compensation
         expense                                                   —           —         6,904        149,780              —       156,684
      Repurchase of shares                                         —           —            —              —          (14,211)     (14,211)
      Vesting shares under share award scheme                      —        1,890      (15,100)            —           13,210           —


      At 31 December 2022                                     (14,065)    (83,710)       9,475        149,780       1,798,635    1,860,115


      Profit for the year                                          —           —            —               —       3,118,362    3,118,362
      Other comprehensive expense for the year                 (5,060)         —            —               —              —        (5,060)


      Total comprehensive (expense)/
         income for the year                                   (5,060)         —            —               —       3,118,362    3,113,302


      Dividend recognised as distribution                          —           —            —               —      (2,726,253)   (2,726,253)
      Purchase of shares under share award scheme                  —     (254,348)          —               —              —       (254,348)
      Recognition of employee share-based compensation
         expense                                                   —          —         42,030        193,952              —       235,982
      Repurchase of shares                                         —          —             —              —         (200,358)    (200,358)
      Vesting shares under share award scheme                      —      21,844       (23,159)            —            1,315           —


      At 31 December 2023                                     (19,125)   (316,214)      28,346        343,732       1,991,701    2,028,440




                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023         155
      Financial Summary


                                                                         For the year ended 31 December
                                                      2019               2020               2021           2022                     2023
                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000                  RMB’000

      Results
      Revenue                                     22,103,192        24,942,204          27,866,870        30,936,904         31,450,109


      Profit before tax                            4,626,162          6,391,023           6,847,096         7,582,261         7,389,372
      Income tax expense                            (892,810)        (1,162,013)         (1,158,972)       (1,350,211)       (1,316,679)

      Profit for the year                          3,733,352          5,229,010          5,688,124         6,232,050             6,072,693

      Profit for the year attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                      3,714,106          5,159,655          5,605,185         6,091,390             5,873,325
        Non-controlling interests                     19,246             69,355             82,939           140,660               199,368

                                                   3,733,352          5,229,010          5,688,124         6,232,050             6,072,693

                                                  RMB cents          RMB cents           RMB cents         RMB cents        RMB cents
                                                   (Restated)
                                                       (note)

      Earnings per share
        – Basic                                        31.07             43.16               46.89             51.11                49.47
        – Diluted                                      31.07             43.16               46.89             51.11                49.47


                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                      2019               2020                  2021            2022                 2023
                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000               RMB’000         RMB’000              RMB’000

      Assets and liabilities
      Total assets                                26,318,322        30,070,206          34,741,576        41,769,774         46,282,170
      Total liabilities                           (6,800,157)       (6,969,133)         (7,913,345)      (10,127,899)       (11,264,158)

      Net assets                                  19,518,165        23,101,073          26,828,231        31,641,875         35,018,012

      Equity attributable to owners
        of the Company                            18,461,723        22,332,288          25,986,672        30,197,534         33,203,208
      Non-controlling interests                    1,056,442           768,785             841,559         1,444,341          1,814,804

      Total equity                                19,518,165        23,101,073          26,828,231        31,641,875         35,018,012


      Note:    The earnings per share has been adjusted for the effect of the bonus issues on 3 July 2020 and 29 October 2020.




156   CSPC PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
