1
New York, May 6, 2026: Flutter Entertainment plc (NYSE: FLUT; LSE: FLTR) (“Flutter”), the world’s leading
online sports betting and iGaming operator, today announces Q1 2026 results.
Key financial highlights:
                                                                    Three months ended March 31,
        In $ millions except where stated otherwise                 2026       2025        YOY

        Average monthly players (AMPs) (‘000s')1                    14,378     14,880        (3)%
        Revenue                                                     4,304      3,665         +17%
        Net income                                                   209        335         (38)%
        Net income margin                                           4.9%        9.1%       (420)bps
        Adjusted EBITDA      2
                                                                     631        616          +2%
        Adjusted EBITDA margin2                                     14.7%       16.8%      (210)bps
        Earnings per share ($)                                       1.23       1.57        (22)%
        Adjusted earnings per share ($)2                             1.22       1.59        (23)%
        Net cash provided by operating activities                    330        188         +76%
        Free cash flow   2
                                                                     153            88      +74%
        Free cash flow including financing capex and excluding       123        226         (46)%
        player funds2
        Leverage ratio2 (December 2025 3.7x)                         3.7x

Overview
•   Group revenue +17% year-over-year benefiting from M&A3, a positive swing in year-over-year
    sports results, and strong iGaming growth. AMPs down 3% reflecting India market closure 4
•   Management changes implemented to best position the Group for future growth:
    •     Dan Taylor, CEO of International, appointed President of Flutter Entertainment
    •     Christian Genetski, President of FanDuel, will now lead the US business
•   US sportsbook improvement plan driving encouraging signs of recovery, in line with our
    expectations, with good progress made on generosity effectiveness, and phased roll-out of
    loyalty program commenced in April
•   US revenue $1,763m: +6% year-over-year with sportsbook +1% and iGaming +19%:
    ◦     Continued #1 sportsbook and iGaming positions, 39% and 27% respective GGR market shares 5
    ◦     Revenue c. $90m ahead of Q1 guidance excluding $45m sports results headwind 6
    ◦     Sportsbook revenue growth reflected:
              ▪    Continuing impact from Q4 unfavorable recycling and customer churn
              ▪    Less unfavorable sports results year-over-year
              ▪    Customer growth and underlying revenue growth improving through the quarter
    ◦     Strong launch in Arkansas despite accelerated timeline
    ◦     Continued strong iGaming growth driven by direct casino engagement
    ◦     FanDuel Predicts:
              ▪    "One App" experience launched in non-sportsbook states where FanDuel Predicts can
                   now be accessed through the FanDuel sportsbook app
              ▪    Initial phase of market-making commenced with positive early indicators
    ◦     Adjusted EBITDA of $119m, 26% lower year-over-year after investment in prediction markets7
          and Arkansas launch



                                                                                                        1
•   International revenue $2,541m: +27% year-over-year (+18% constant currency (CC)8) with
    sportsbook +22% and iGaming +32% benefiting from M&A, offset by an adverse year-over-year
    swing in sports results. On an organic basis2,9, revenue was in line with the prior year:
    ◦   Sportsbook organic revenue -7% with a strong underlying performance in SEA offset by
        unfavorable sports results in UKI and SEA6
    ◦   iGaming organic revenue +8%, driven by performances in SEA, UKI and CEE
    ◦   Adjusted EBITDA of $587m, +13% (+5% CC). Organic adjusted EBITDA was 5% lower driven by
        the shift in revenue mix toward higher cost-of-sale products and regions
•   Group Q1 net income of $209m was $126m lower year-over-year due to increases in interest
    expense, net, and depreciation and amortization, primarily as a result of M&A, partly offset by a
    higher non-cash Fox Option10 benefit. Net income margin was 4.9%
•   Group Q1 adjusted EBITDA of $631m +2% and adjusted EBITDA margin of 14.7%, -210bps, driven by
    revenue growth, investment in FanDuel Predicts and new state launch costs
•   Earnings per share of $1.23 and adjusted earnings per share of $1.22 were -22% and -23% year-
    over-year, respectively, reflecting the above profitability drivers and a year-over-year benefit
    from non-controlling interests
•   Net cash provided by operating activities +76% year-over-year reflecting a positive swing in the
    movement in player deposit liabilities. Free cash flow including financing capex and excluding
    player funds11 declined by 46%, due to increased capital expenditure and tax payments
•   Review of London Stock Exchange listing commenced
Updated full year 2026 guidance12,13
April performance on an underlying basis was in line with our expectations across both the US and
International. Additionally, we have been pleased with the performance of our early Arkansas state
launch, which was not incorporated in our prior outlook and therefore will add $35m in investment
costs for 2026
We are updating guidance for US and International to include (i) unfavorable Q1 sports results since
guidance was issued6, (ii) new state launch costs in Arkansas, and (iii) the change in reporting for
PokerStars North America which has no impact from an overall Group basis.
Group revenue is now expected to be $18.305bn with adjusted EBITDA of $2.865bn at the midpoint.
This reflects a reduction from previous guidance of $18.4bn and $2.97bn in revenue and adjusted
EBITDA expectations respectively, with updated guidance now representing 12% and 1% year-over-
year growth.
Peter Jackson, CEO, commented:
"Flutter’s Q1 performance was encouraging, with Group revenue increasing 17% year‑on‑year. This
reflected positive signs from our US sportsbook improvement plan, where performance was ahead
of our expectations in March. Group performance also benefited from our local hero acquisitions in
Italy and Brazil, and excellent underlying SEA growth.
While we made good progress during the quarter, there remains more to do to ensure the
improving US sportsbook trends continue and we announced today the management changes we
are making to best position us for our next phase of growth. The core fundamentals of our business
remain strong, and I am confident that we have the right strategy, structure and global portfolio of
local hero brands to capitalize on the significant long-term growth opportunity ahead. I look
forward to further progress as we move through the rest of 2026.”




                                                                                                   2
To our shareholders
Flutter delivered Q1 revenue growth of 17% year-over-year benefiting from our Snai and Betnacional
acquisitions and a positive swing in year-over-year sports results. Sportsbook revenue grew 10% with
excellent underlying momentum in SEA. US sportsbook was 1% higher year-over-year, including
improvement on an underlying basis through the quarter as we execute on our improvement plan.
We also delivered continued strong iGaming performance across the US, SEA and UKI, with Group
iGaming revenue growth of 28%.
I have been reflecting for some time on how to ensure we remain as agile, focused and well-
positioned as possible as a Group. The US market, and FanDuel's leading position within it, represents
one of the most significant growth opportunities in our industry, and it is essential that we have the
right structure and leadership in place to fully capitalize on it. To that end, I am pleased to announce
that Dan Taylor, currently CEO of Flutter International, will assume the newly created role of President
of Flutter Entertainment, taking on oversight of the FanDuel business in addition to his existing
responsibilities. Dan's track record of driving growth and executing complex strategies make him
ideally suited for this expanded role.
At the same time, Amy Howe has left the company, and Christian Genetski, President of FanDuel, will
assume leadership of the FanDuel business. Christian joined FanDuel in 2015 and has been
instrumental in scaling the business to its current number 1 position in the market. I would like to
thank Amy for her contribution to Flutter and FanDuel, and recognize the impact she has had on the
business since joining in 2021. We wish her every success for the future. Within the US business we
have also narrowed ownership of the drivers of sportsbook performance. These changes will sharpen
focus on US sportsbook, strengthen the connection between our US and International operations,
and fully leverage the Group's expertise and strategic ambition.
US update
US Q1 revenue grew by 6% with sportsbook revenue up 1% year-over-year and iGaming revenue up
19%. While we have seen encouraging signs in our underlying sportsbook growth as the quarter
progressed, overall performance in Q1 was adversely impacted by a continuation of the market-
wide trends observed during Q4. FanDuel exited 2025 with a smaller customer base than anticipated
which continued to impact growth during the quarter, with sportsbook AMPs 6% lower year-over-
year. iGaming performance remained strong benefiting from continued execution on our casino-first
strategy and underpinned by AMP growth of 10%.
US core sports betting and iGaming
We have a clear sportsbook improvement plan focused on strengthening our reward and product
proposition to ensure we maintain our leadership position in these areas. During Q1 we restructured
the sportsbook team to ensure we are best positioned to deliver our plans.
From a generosity perspective, we have been focused on delivering a customer-first proposition.
This approach helped to drive better customer engagement with our early-win promotional
campaign during March Madness, and opportunistic payouts to capture the social side of betting
which have resonated well. In April we began the roll-out of our sportsbook loyalty program, allowing
players to earn points, unlock levels and enjoy rewards. Although initially available to a small cohort
of customers, engagement has been very positive as customers note that their overall FanDuel
experience has improved with the addition of the program. We also launched Bet Protect+, an
industry-first generosity mechanic where customers can insure their bets for the full game for a
small fee, balancing disciplined investment with customer demand for parlay guarantees. The initial
response has been very positive, with adoption rates doubling our expectations and continuing to
grow.
Sportsbook product enhancements included expansion of our popular "Pass the Leg" feature to
Super Bowl, more personalized and simplified Same Game Parlay (SGP) building for NBA with "Bet it




                                                                                                      3
again" and full-screen streaming for key sports. We continued to leverage our leading outcome-
based pricing capabilities to further expand cash-out functionality and establish the core
foundations for our product roadmap for the rest of the year.
These changes are gaining traction with our customers and underlying trends across our headline
KPIs have been positive. AMPs, handle and structural revenue margin all improved during the
quarter. January AMP declines of 5% recovered to 1% growth in March. Handle trends improved from
a 10% year-over-year decline in January, to a 4% decline in March before we began lapping the
elevated March Madness handle in the prior year due to a particularly customer-friendly
tournament which generated strong recycling activity. These positive trends underpinned an
improvement in underlying revenue growth, with these trends expected to continue into Q2.
As we look ahead for the rest of the year, we have a strong pipeline of enhancements planned. These
include significant expansion of our new loyalty program through Q2 and Q3 ahead of a full roll-out
for the NFL 2026/2027 season. We are also very excited about the opportunity that the FIFA World Cup
presents in Q2 and in Q3, with a number of new soccer product features in the pipeline to strengthen
FanDuel's product leadership and position us well for customer engagement during the tournament.
We continued to see only a limited cannibalization impact from prediction market operators on our
sportsbook growth, consistent with our prior estimate of a low single-digit percentage effect on
handle growth. This estimate is primarily based on a comprehensive tracking of deposit data along
with download data and monitoring of trends we are observing within the FanDuel customer
database. We believe this limited impact reflects the fundamental differences in product
propositions between sportsbooks and prediction market platforms, customer age profiles and
concentration of prediction market activity among entertainment-first and low-value users. While
the direct cannibalization impact has been limited, we do believe prediction market operators may
be attracting some new, incremental entertainment-first recreational customer cohorts, and we
continue to monitor the impact of prediction market operators on the broader sports-betting
ecosystem. Our recent launches in Missouri and Arkansas were both ahead of expectations, further
validating that demand for sports betting products remains strong in states where it has been
previously unavailable.
In iGaming, FanDuel delivered another strong quarter of growth with AMPs up 10%. Expansion of our
direct casino player base, coupled with improved player frequency among higher-value cohorts,
drove revenue growth of 19% year-over-year. This included direct casino revenue growth of 28%
which more than offset the impact of reduced cross-sell customers from sportsbook. This
performance was driven by enhanced rewards delivered through our loyalty program including daily
reward boxes and the continued roll-out of new and exclusive content. At the start of April, we also
migrated PokerStars customers to the FanDuel platform which will help unlock improved product
and cross-state liquidity for poker customers, mirroring the success we have seen in Italy.
While organic investment to generate long-term value remains our top priority, we are equally
focused on cost efficiency. Cost savings have been realized across a variety of initiatives including
ongoing delivery of payment provider cost efficiencies, improved supplier rates, and a focus on
process improvements. We will also be closing down our FanDuel TV racing network and FanDuel
Picks product in 2026 to optimize costs and ensure investment is focused on those areas that are
expected to generate the greatest returns.
Prediction markets
We continue to view prediction markets as a very attractive, incremental opportunity providing an
avenue to acquire customers ahead of sports betting regulation in new states. Our in-house
expertise and capabilities place us in a strong position to capitalize on this opportunity in the long-
term. We are making good progress on FanDuel Predicts, with further improvements to be delivered
during the year. However, while the fast moving and complex regulatory environment means that
product delivery timescales have at times been challenging, we are prioritizing new product roll-out,
and we are focused on building the operational flexibility required to deliver our ambitions.




                                                                                                     4
In Q1, FanDuel Predicts was expanded nationwide across financial, economic and commodities
contracts, with sports available for trading in 18 non-sportsbook states including California, Texas
and Florida. During March and April, we widened our range of sports markets and the first real testing
of our generosity capabilities saw encouraging returns with strong app downloads through March
Madness.
At the start of April, we launched the FanDuel "One App", dynamically delivering sports betting to
those customers in sportsbook states or prediction markets to customers in non-sportsbook states.
This will allow us to leverage FanDuel's strong nationwide brand awareness and significant existing
nationwide marketing investment. It also provides a simplified discovery and onboarding experience
for new customers where just one download provides access to an increasingly compelling sports
experience.
While revenues in Q1 were modest, reflecting the relatively early stage of our journey, we are focused
on delivering the improvements needed during 2026 to serve customers a compelling, truly sports-
led experience by Q4. The 2026/2027 NFL season launch will be a major milestone, with many
improvements also planned for the FIFA World Cup.
We believe our world-class, proprietary pricing capabilities can also unlock a significant market-
making opportunity. In April, we began trialing market-making services on a major, third-party
prediction market platform. It is early days, and our initial focus has been on optimizing spreads
across a range of contract types and testing capabilities to ensure we are well positioned to balance
growing market share while scaling risk management. Early indicators have been encouraging and
we expect to launch our market-making platform in the coming months.
As outlined at our Q4 earnings, we continue to expect investment in prediction markets to be toward
the top end of our previous guidance ($250m-$300m of adjusted EBITDA investment losses). Our
priority remains building long-term value, while retaining flexibility to adjust investment where
performance warrants. We believe this will position us to deliver future growth and harness the long-
term opportunities for our business.
International update
International Q1 performance delivered revenue growth of 27% (+18% CC) and adjusted EBITDA
growth of 13% (+5% CC) benefitting from the acquisitions of Snai and Betnacional. Organic revenue
was in line with the prior year, as excellent underlying growth in SEA, and continued iGaming
momentum in UKI and CEE, offset unfavorable sports results in the quarter. Organic adjusted EBITDA
declined by 5% driven by higher revenue growth in products and regions with a higher cost of sales.
We are making very good progress on delivering our $300m 2027 cost efficiency program with full
rate savings expected to be achieved by the end of this year. We remain focused on identifying
further cost optimization through our next phase of cost and business transformation.
SEA delivered strong revenue growth of 110%, benefiting from the acquisition of Snai. On an organic
basis, AMPs grew 26% and revenue 23%, driven by a market-leading performance in Italy, strong
growth in Türkiye and a benefit from PokerStars migrations. In Italy, SEA strongly outperformed the
market, delivering a 31% online market share. Sisal's unique, market-first MyCombo SGP product saw
exceptional engagement, driving multi-leg bets to half of Sisal's pre-match soccer handle in Q1, with
over 30% of bets having 5 or more legs. Sisal’s iGaming performance benefited from exclusive
content offering customers premium products and differentiation, alongside improvements to our
games' recommendation engine. Snai delivered continued online growth, with successful
completion of our planned platform migration at the end of April now unlocking access to Sisal's
market leading product for Q2. We also continued to see a year-over-year iGaming benefit from our
successful tombola and PokerStars integrations in H2 2025, with PokerStars revenue now ahead of its
peak during the Covid-19 pandemic. In Türkiye, revenue growth of 32% (59% CC) was driven by
further network expansion and new content roll-out.
In UKI, iGaming AMPs were 10% higher and revenue was up 14% (+6% CC). This reflected excellent,
double digit iGaming growth for Paddy Power, tombola and Betfair driven by a strong pipeline of new
slots content resulting in strong retention metrics. In sportsbook, targeted generosity helped drive



                                                                                                    5
strong customer engagement during a record Cheltenham racing festival, where Paddy Power was
the #1 downloaded app. Performance for Sky Bet has been behind expectations as customers
adapted to the new user interface post-migration. However, now customers have access to the full
Flutter sportsbook product suite, momentum continued to improve for the brand across the quarter.
Sky Bet delivered its highest January customer acquisition volumes in five years and a strong
Cheltenham festival which helped drive underlying sportsbook revenue back to growth in March.
The previously announced increase in iGaming taxes from 21% to 40% in the UK was implemented on
April 1. Market competitiveness remained stable ahead of the change, but we now expect less
profitable operators to begin to adjust both marketing and generosity strategies. As the leading
scale operator in the UK, Flutter is very well-placed to deliver both material first order mitigation and
benefit from second-order effects, including market share gains over time. However, a consequence
of the increase in gaming taxes will be to drive some UK customers toward unregulated operators,
where there is no player protection. We therefore welcome the UK Government's allocation of
funding to the UK Gambling Commission to combat this issue, and the recently proposed ban on
sports club sponsorship by unlicensed operators. These steps, along with recent commentary from
the UK Gambling Commission, demonstrate a strong intention to enforce against unregulated
operators and we look forward to further steps to ensure that accessing illegal operators is
restricted.
In Brazil, performance remained encouraging with Betnacional AMPs over 40% higher year-over-
year, driven by continued product improvements across sportsbook and iGaming, validating our
continued heightened investment in this exciting market. We will soon deliver a key milestone in our
sportsbook product roadmap with the integration of our proprietary pricing capabilities. This will
unlock significant Flutter Edge advantages such as a greater depth of markets, a leading parlay
product and promotional improvements ahead of the FIFA World Cup in June.
In APAC, we continue to see modest year-over-year growth in both sportsbook AMPs and handle.
Performance in racing excluding greyhounds, while still down year-over-year, was ahead of our
expectations. We welcome the long-awaited advertising restrictions announced at the beginning of
April and believe that Sportsbet is well placed to build on its market-leading position. We believe this
strikes the right balance between safeguarding customers and allowing operators to continue
offering sports betting products in a responsible way.
The Flutter Edge continued to drive tangible benefits across CEE and other regions. CEE revenue grew
14% (+7% CC), with Armenia cementing its number one iGaming position and Serbia delivering good
momentum as product improvements took hold. In other regions, we are actively optimizing how we
deploy our product capabilities and local hero brands, migrating PokerStars customers in Spain,
France and Portugal to our SEA platform to unlock an improved product experience and cost
efficiencies. This represents an important milestone as we scale across markets.
Final thoughts and outlook
I am encouraged by the progress we have made during the quarter. We have a clear improvement
plan for US sportsbook and we are making good progress, with early signs our execution is gaining
traction. The progress we are building in FanDuel Predicts is positive and I am excited about the
potential opportunities within market-making.
Internationally, the integration of Snai and NSX is progressing well, our core markets continue to
deliver underlying growth, and we are investing with conviction behind the significant opportunities
that both Brazil and the FIFA World Cup present this year.
Looking ahead, the organizational changes we are making ensure we have the right structure in
place to deliver continued execution against our strategic priorities. We are confident in the outlook
for the year and our ability to deliver sustainable, long-term value for shareholders.
Sincerely,




                                                                                                       6
Peter Jackson
Flutter CEO




                7
In $ millions unless stated, unaudited              US                      International                Group

Three months ended March 31,             2026     2025     YoY     2026       2025      YoY      2026    2025     YoY
Average monthly players ('000s)          4,267    4,312    (1)%    10,111    10,568     (4)%     14,378 14,880    (3)%
Handle                                   13,357 14,606     (9)%    9,035      6,912     +31%     22,392 21,518    +4%
Net revenue margin                       8.6%     7.8%    +80bps    11.9%     12.7%   (80)bps    9.9%    9.4%    +50bps

Sportsbook revenue                        1,144   1,134    +1%      1,077      880      +22%     2,221   2,014    +10%
iGaming revenue                           564     472      +19%    1,386      1,050     +32%     1,950   1,522    +28%
Other revenue                              55      60      (8)%      78        69       +13%      133    129      +3%
Total revenue                            1,763    1,666    +6%     2,541      1,999     +27%     4,304 3,665      +17%

Cost of sales                            (1,043) (956)     +9%     (1,244)    (880)     +41%
Technology, research and
                                          (89)    (82)     +9%     (120)       (95)    +26%
development expenses
Sales and marketing expenses             (379)    (374)    +1%     (376)      (309)     +22%
General and administrative               (133)    (93)     +43%    (214)      (197)     +9%
expenses
Reportable segment adjusted
                                          119      161    (26)%     587        518      +13%
EBITDA

Net income                                                                                        209    335     (38)%

Unallocated corporate overhead15                                                                  (75)   (63)     +19%
Group adjusted EBITDA                                                                             631    616      +2%
Adjusted EBITDA margin                    6.7%    9.7% (300)bps    23.1%      25.9%   (280)bps   14.7%   16.8% (210)bps


Group
The Group delivered Q1 revenue growth of 17%. This was driven by iGaming revenue growth of 28%
with sportsbook revenue up 10% and other revenue 3% higher, as set out below in the US and
International sections.
Net income of $209m for the quarter reduced by $126m from $335m in Q1 2025, primarily due to:
•   A $71m increase in interest expense, net to $156m (Q1 2025: $85m) due to additional financing for
    the acquisitions of Snai and NSX and to purchase Boyd's 5% interest in FanDuel
•   A $122m increase in depreciation and amortization cost to $416m in Q1 2026 (Q1 2025: $294m),
    primarily due to the acquisitions of Snai and NSX (adjusted depreciation and amortization Q1
    2026: $202m, Q1 2025: $136m)
•   An $88m year-over-year non-cash benefit relating to the Fox Option fair value adjustment, with
    a gain in Q1 2026 of $293m (Q1 2025 gain of $205m)
Net income attributable to Flutter shareholders was $218m after including non-controlling interest
credits of $9m. This led to a decline in earnings per share for the quarter of 22% to $1.23 reflecting the
factors above, partly offset by a $61m non-controlling interest benefit as we lapped the prior period
which included an expense which reflected Boyd's ownership of 5% of FanDuel at the time (Q1 2025:
$52m).
Adjusted EBITDA of $631m grew 2%, with adjusted EBITDA margin 210bps lower driven by the
performances set out below in the US, International and unallocated corporate overhead sections.




                                                                                                                     8
Adjusted earnings per share for the period declined 23% to $1.22, also reflecting the increases in
adjusted depreciation and amortization, interest expense, net, and non-controlling interest credits.
From a cash flow perspective we have introduced a new non-GAAP liquidity measure: free cash flow
including financing capex and excluding player funds. This measure includes purchases of
intangible assets with extended payment terms which are recognized within cashflows from
financing activities ('financing capex'), and excludes changes in player deposits and related
liabilities from the existing free cash flow calculation. We believe this measure provides additional
insight into our ability to generate cash from core operations by including all intangible asset
purchases by the Group and by eliminating cash flow movements from player deposit movements,
which are not indicative of underlying business performance. Please see "Definitions of Non-GAAP
Financial Measures" and "Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" sections for detailed
definitions and GAAP reconciliations.
The Group’s net cash provided by operating activities increased by $142m or 76% year-over-year,
primarily as a result of a positive year-over-year change in player funds of $153m, compared to an
outflow in the prior year which included the impact of a Sisal lottery payout. This year-over-year
improvement more than offset an increase in tax and interest payments during the quarter, and a
Super PAC contribution made by FanDuel to strengthen our advocacy initiatives in the US. Capital
expenditure increased year-over-year, primarily due to phasing of spend in the prior year. Adjusting
for the positive impact of player funds, free cash flow including financing capex and excluding player
funds declined by 46% year-over-year.
US
Revenue grew 6%, driven by iGaming revenue growth of 19% with sportsbook revenue up 1%. AMPs of
4.3m decreased by 1% (sportsbook AMPs -6%, iGaming AMPs +10%).
Sportsbook revenue performance was driven by a handle decline of 9%, partly offset by a year-over-
year improvement in net revenue margin of 80 basis points to 8.6%.
The increase in net revenue margin included:
•    Structural revenue margin of 13.7%, which was 40bps lower than the prior year due to a reduced
     proportion of higher margin NFL and NBA volume in the quarter. We expect growth in structural
     revenue margin year-over-year in H2, and we remain confident in our structural revenue margin
     expectations of 15% in 2027, and 16% in the long term
•    A positive sports results impact year-over-year of 170bps (Q1 2026: 30bps unfavorable, Q1 2025:
     200bps unfavorable). At a revenue level, this resulted in an adverse in-quarter impact in Q1 2026
     of approximately $33m
•    Promotional spend of 4.9%, which was 50bps higher than the prior year due to the increase in
     investment in state launches in Missouri in December 2025, and Arkansas in March 2026
iGaming revenue grew 19%, underpinned by AMP growth of 10%.
Cost of sales increased by 180bps, primarily driven by tax rate increases of approximately 220bps,
partly offset by market access savings and a year-over-year benefit from less unfavorable sports
results.
Sales and marketing expenses were 1% higher year-over-year reflecting new state launch costs and
FanDuel Predicts investment, but reduced by 90bps as a percentage of revenue to 21.5% reflecting
the year-over-year swing in sports results. Technology, research and development costs were 9%
higher and general and administrative costs were 43% higher primarily reflecting an increase in
headcount and in server costs and cloud services costs to match the scaling of our business,
investment in prediction markets, and lobbying costs to support our advocacy efforts.
Adjusted EBITDA was $119m (Q1 2025 $161m), with a reduction in adjusted EBITDA margin of 300bps
year-over-year driven by the factors detailed above.




                                                                                                    9
International
We have revised our definition of organic revenue and organic adjusted EBITDA to better capture
foreign currency fluctuations and one-off events affecting year-over-year comparability. We believe
that the revised definitions provide a more meaningful basis for comparison of period-over-period
underlying performance.
The specific events impacting comparability in Q1 are as follows:
•   Acquisitions of Snai on April 30, 2025 and NSX on May 14, 2025
•   Closure of real money gaming in India in August 2025; and
•   Foreign currency fluctuations
Our revised organic measures are therefore presented on a constant currency basis, exclude the
contribution from the Snai and NSX acquisitions in the current period, and treat the market closure in
India as if they had been in place during the prior year period.
Please see "Definitions of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" and "Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial
Measures" sections for detailed definitions and GAAP reconciliations.
                                                            Three months ended March 31,
($ millions except
percentages)                                 Total                             Sports                   iGaming
                                                     YoY       YoY             YoY       YoY             YoY     YoY
Unaudited                    2026    2025    YoY     CC      organic   YoY     CC      organic   YoY     CC    organic
UK and Ireland               900     882     +2%     (5)%      (5)%    (11)%   (17)%    (17)%    +14%    +6%      +6%
Southern Europe and          940     448     +110%   +95%     +23%     +120% +97%       +5%      +104% +94%       +33%
Africa
Asia Pacific                 305     313     (3)%    (10)%     +2%     +12%    +2%      +2%
Central and Eastern          160     140     +14%    +7%       +7%
Europe
Brazil                        74      9      +722% +640%       +10%
Other regions                162     207     (22)% (27)%      (27)%
International revenue   16   2,541   1,999   +27%    +18%      +1%     +22%    +12%     (7)%     +32% +24%        +8%

International adjusted       587     518     +13%    +5%       (5)%
EBITDA


International revenue was 27% higher year-over year (+18% CC), benefiting from the acquisition of
Snai and NSX, while AMPs were 4% lower due to the closure of real money iGaming in India.
International revenue was 1% higher on an organic basis with a combination of SEA underlying
sportsbook and iGaming growth, and good iGaming growth in UKI and CEE, offset by the impact of
adverse sports results, primarily arising in UKI and SEA.
Sportsbook revenue grew 22% (+12% CC). This reflected handle growth of 31% (+20% CC), benefiting
from M&A, and a decline in sportsbook net revenue margin of 80bps to 11.9%. Net revenue margin
included:
•   A 40bps reduction in structural revenue margin to 16.6%, due to faster growth in regions with
    currently lower structural revenue margins including SEA, CEE and Brazil
•   An adverse sports results impact year-over-year of 120bps (Q1 2026: 100bps unfavorable, Q1 2025
    20bps favorable). At a revenue level, this resulted in an adverse in-quarter impact in Q1 2026 of
    approximately $100m




                                                                                                                        10
•   An 80bps reduction in promotional spend to 3.6% driven by the impact of M&A, where the
    acquired businesses currently have an inherently lower level of promotional spend, and
    efficiency improvements across UKI and CEE
On an organic basis, sportsbook revenue declined 7%, with a 1% increase in handle offset by the
revenue margin drivers discussed above.
iGaming revenue was 32% higher year-over-year (+24% CC) including the benefit of M&A. On an
organic basis iGaming grew 8%, driven by performances in SEA, UKI and CEE.
International regions' year-over-year revenue performance during Q1 was as follows:
•   UKI revenue grew 2% (-5% CC) with iGaming growth of 14% (+6% CC) driven by a 10% increase in
    AMPs. Sportsbook revenue declined 11% (-17% CC) and reflected a 2% increase in handle (-5%
    CC), combined with a 230bps unfavorable swing in year-over-year sports results
•   SEA revenue increased 110% (+95% CC), benefiting from the acquisition of Snai, and a 10
    percentage point growth benefit from PokerStars migrations during the period. On an organic
    basis revenue was up 23%. This was driven by iGaming growth of 33% driven by Sisal's strong
    performance in Italy and Türkiye. Organic sportsbook revenue grew +5% including the benefit
    from PokerStars migrations during the period of 3 percentage points, as organic handle growth
    of 29% was offset by a 310bps adverse swing in sports results
•   APAC revenue declined 3% (-10% CC) driven by the impact of the closure of real money gaming
    in India. Revenue grew 2% on an organic basis reflecting performance of Sportsbet. This was
    driven by an improvement in net revenue margin of 60bps due to a positive swing in sports
    results, offsetting a decline in handle of 4% primarily driven by greyhound softness in racing
•   CEE revenue grew 14% (+7% CC), supported by iGaming growth of 17% (+10% CC), as a 26%
    increase in sportsbook handle (+15% CC) reflecting Flutter Edge driven product improvements in
    MaxBet and lapping the impact of Armenian credit card restrictions, largely offset by an
    unfavorable 260bps swing in sports results
•   Brazil revenue grew 722% benefiting from the acquisition of NSX. Betnacional revenue grew 1%
    year-over-year as strong growth in handle and iGaming revenue were offset by very unfavorable
    sports results. Organic growth of 10% reflected improved trends in Betfair Brazil as we lapped re-
    registration friction in the prior year following the regulation of the Brazilian market in January
    2025.
•   Other regions revenue was 22% lower (-27% CC), primarily reflecting a 16 percentage point
    growth impact from the transfer of PokerStars' Southern European customers to the SEA region
    and continued declines in activity on the PokerStars global platform
Adjusted EBITDA increased by 13% (+5% CC) year-over-year to $587m reflecting the revenue
performance above and the benefit of M&A. Adjusted EBITDA margin reduced by 280bps to 23.1%,
primarily due to the impact of lower adjusted EBITDA margin acquisitions, and continued investment
in Brazil. On an organic basis, adjusted EBITDA declined 5% with the revenue performance above
offset by a reduction in adjusted EBITDA margin of 150bps to 24.3% primarily driven by an increase in
cost of sales as a percentage of revenue year-over-year, detailed below.
Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue increased by 500bps to 49.0%, driven by the acquisition of
Snai and Betnacional and the closure of real money gaming in India which represented 280bps of
the increase. The remainder of the increase was primarily driven by a shift in revenue mix toward
higher tax products and regions, increased tax and licensing costs in CEE and SEA, and a change in
classification of the now-mandatory UK gambling levy from general and administrative costs.
Sales and marketing expenses increased by 22% year-over-year due to the impact of the Snai and
NSX acquisitions. As a percentage of revenue, sales and marketing reduced by 70bps to 14.8%, as our
investment in Brazil was partly offset by reduced spend in India and lower relative sales and
marketing expenses in Snai.




                                                                                                     11
Technology, research and development costs were 26% higher year-over-year with approximately
half of this driven by the impact of M&A. General and administrative costs were 9% higher from M&A,
the impact of which more than offset savings from retail closures in the UKI and the reclassification
of the UK gambling levy to cost of sales.
Unallocated corporate overhead increased by 19% year-over-year (+9% CC) as we invest to
enhance the Flutter Edge through shared technology, and in our US reporting and controls
environment. We are progressing well with identifying further cost saving initiatives to ensure we
have an efficient and agile operating model to support future growth. We will provide an update on
our progress later this year.
Capital structure
Available cash decreased $316m year-over-year, closing at approximately $1.5bn. The change in
total debt from $12,266m at December 31, 2025, to $11,965m at March 31, 2026 reflects repayment of
our revolving credit facility. Net debt was $10,575m at the end of Q1, with a leverage ratio 2 of 3.7x (3.7x
at December 31, 2025). We expect profit growth and cash generation will drive leverage reduction by
the end of 2026, with leverage expected to increase in Q2 and Q3, before reducing again in Q4.
At our Q4 earnings in February we communicated our plan to return $250m to shareholders,
commencing during H1. This tranche began in Q1 and remains ongoing. As of May 1, $190m (Q1 2026:
$121m) of this tranche has been returned to shareholders, bringing the total cash returned to
shareholders since the beginning of the share repurchase program to $1.31bn, of a total of up to $5bn
expected to be returned over the coming years.
Our disciplined capital allocation policy provides the flexibility to respond effectively to evolving
market conditions and emerging opportunities. We continue to prioritize organic investment in our
core business, and strategic investment including emerging opportunities such as prediction
markets, while also ensuring the deleveraging profile of the business is maintained. There will be no
additional buyback tranche this quarter, this position will continue to be assessed. While now is the
time to prioritize deleveraging, buybacks remain an important part of our long-term capital
allocation policy.
Given the Group's robust growth profile, we expect to return to our target leverage range of 2.0 - 2.5x
in the medium-term consistent with our stated policy, with exact timing dependent upon the
cadence of our strategic investments and share repurchases.
Review of London Stock Exchange listing
We are undertaking a review of our London Stock Exchange listed ordinary shares. The conclusion of
this review may result in the delisting of Flutter's ordinary shares from the LSE. It is anticipated that
this review will be completed during Q2 2026 and an update to shareholders will be provided in due
course. The NYSE listing of Flutter ordinary shares will not be impacted by the possible cancellation of
the LSE listing.
Guidance
April performance on an underlying basis was in line with our expectations across both the US and
International. Additionally, we have been pleased with the performance of our early Arkansas state
launch, which was not incorporated in our prior outlook and therefore will add $35m in investment
costs for 2026
We are updating guidance for US and International to include (i) unfavorable Q1 sports results since
guidance was issued6, (ii) new state launch costs in Arkansas, and (iii) the change in reporting for
PokerStars North America which has no impact from an overall Group basis.
Our updated outlook for 2026 now includes the following midpoints:
Group: revenue and adjusted EBITDA of $18.305bn and $2.865bn, representing 12% and 1% year-over-
year growth, respectively.
US: revenue and adjusted EBITDA of $7.795bn and $0.97bn after adjusting for:



                                                                                                          12
•   Unfavorable sports results since guidance issued of $45m revenue and $30m adjusted EBITDA
•   Arkansas launch investment cost of $35m and a slightly unfavorable revenue impact
•   PokerStars North America, which will now be operated as part of the FanDuel business ($40m
    revenue, $15m adjusted EBITDA loss)
FanDuel Predicts Q1 revenue was not material, Q2 - Q4 revenue has not been included in our
guidance.
This results in 2026 US revenue and adjusted EBITDA year-over-year growth of 12% and 5%,
respectively, at the midpoint.
56% of our total full year revenue guidance and 77% of total full year adjusted EBITDA are expected to
arise in H2, reflecting new state and prediction market investments in Q2. We anticipate the vast
majority of H2 adjusted EBITDA to arise in Q4, given our expected launch in Alberta in July, the
anticipated phasing of prediction market spend, and the expected ramp in trajectory of the business
over the remainder of the year.
International: revenue and adjusted EBITDA of $10.51bn and $2.205bn after adjusting for unfavorable
sports results since guidance issued of $50m revenue and $40m adjusted EBITDA and the impact of
PokerStars North America as outlined above.
This results in 2026 International revenue growth of 12% year-over-year and adjusted EBITDA flat at
the midpoint.
We expect approximately 52% of full year revenue and 53% of full year adjusted EBITDA to arise in H2
with adjusted EBITDA to be weighted to Q4.
Interest expense, net: now expected to be $640m, reflecting expected borrowing profile for the rest
of the year, interest rate changes, and foreign currency movements.
All other guidance items remained unchanged from Q4 guidance

                                                                                           Previous
                                                            Updated 2026 guidance          guidance
                                                      Low         Midpoint          High   Midpoint
Group revenue                                      $17.655bn      $18.305bn   $18.955bn    $18.4bn
Group adjusted EBITDA                               $2.54bn       $2.865bn     $3.19bn     $2.97bn

US new states adjusted EBITDA                               Approximately $(105)m          $(70)m
FanDuel Predicts adjusted EBITDA                            Approximately $(300)m          $(275)m
US total revenue                                    $7.395bn      $7.795bn     $8.195bn     $7.8bn
US total adjusted EBITDA                            $0.77bn        $0.97bn      $1.17bn    $1.05bn

International revenue                               $10.26bn       $10.51bn    $10.76bn    $10.6bn
International adjusted EBITDA                       $2.08bn       $2.205bn     $2.33bn     $2.23bn

Unallocated corporate overhead                              Approximately $(310)m          $(310)m
Interest expense, net                                       Approximately $(640)m          $(610)m
Depreciation and amortization excl. acquired
                                                            Approximately $(750)m          $(750)m
intangibles
Capital expenditure17                                       Approximately $(855)m          $(855)m
Share repurchases                                   Approximately $(250)m (H1 specific)    $(250)m




                                                                                                      13
Guidance is provided (i) on the basis that sports results are in line with our expected margin for the
remainder of the year, (ii) at stated foreign exchange rates 13 and (iii) on the basis of a consistent
regulatory and tax framework except where otherwise stated.
A reconciliation of our forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly
comparable GAAP financial measure cannot be provided without unreasonable effort. This is due to
the inherent difficulty of accurately forecasting the occurrence and financial impact of the adjusting
items necessary for such a reconciliation to be prepared of items that have not yet occurred, are out
of our control, or cannot be reasonably predicted.




                                                                                                    14
Conference call:
Flutter management will host a conference call today at 4:30 p.m. EDT (9:30 p.m. BST) to review the
results and be available for questions, with access via webcast and telephone.
A public audio webcast of management’s call and the related Q&A can be accessed by registering
here or via www.flutter.com/investors. For those unable to listen to the live broadcast, a replay will be
available approximately one hour after the conclusion of the call. This earnings release and
supplementary materials will also be made available via www.flutter.com/investors.
Analysts and investors who wish to participate in the live conference call must do so by dialing any
of the numbers below and using conference ID 105296569. Please dial in 10 minutes before the
conference call begins.
+1 833 461 5787 (North America)
+44 808 196 8935 (United Kingdom)
+353 1800 851 901 (Ireland)
+61 1800 849 752 (Australia)
+1 585 542 9983 (International)
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements reflect our current expectations as to future events
based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any
historical or current fact. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements related to our
share repurchase program, our cost efficiency program, the potential delisting of Flutter’s ordinary
shares from the London Stock Exchange, our sportsbook improvement plan, planned deleveraging,
our expectations regarding market share, impact of management changes, the performance of our
business, our financial results, our operations, our liquidity and capital resources, the conditions in
our industry and our growth strategy (including our plans and expectations related to new product
offerings and enhancements). In some cases, you can identify these forward-looking statements by
the use of words such as “outlook,” “believe(s),” ”expect(s),” “potential,” “continue(s),” “may,” “will,”
“should,” “could,” “would,” “seek(s),” “predict(s),” “intend(s),” “trends,” “plan(s),” “estimate(s),”
“anticipates,” “projection,” “goal,” “target,” “aspire,” “will likely result,” and or the negative version of
these words or other comparable words of a future or forward looking nature. Such forward-looking
statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important
factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these
statements. Such factors include, among others: Flutter’s ability to effectively compete in the global
entertainment and gaming industries; Adverse changes to the regulation (including taxation) of
online betting and iGaming; Flutter’s ability to retain existing customers and to successfully acquire
new customers; Flutter’s ability to accurately determine the odds in relation to any particular event
exposes us to trading, liability management and pricing risk; Flutter’s ability to develop new product
offerings; Flutter’s ability to successfully acquire and integrate new businesses; Flutter’s ability to
maintain relationships with third-parties; Flutter’s ability to maintain its reputation; Public sentiment
towards online betting and iGaming generally; The potential impact of general economic conditions,
including inflation, tariffs and/or trade disputes, fluctuating interest rates and instability in the
banking system, on Flutter’s liquidity, operations and personnel; Flutter’s ability to obtain and
maintain licenses with gaming authorities; The failure of additional jurisdictions to legalize and
regulate online betting and iGaming; Flutter’s ability to comply with complex, varied and evolving U.S.
and international laws and regulations relating to its business; Flutter’s ability to raise financing in
the future; Flutter’s success in retaining or recruiting officers, key employees or directors; Litigation
and the ability to adequately protect Flutter’s intellectual property rights; The impact of data security
breaches or cyber-attacks on Flutter’s systems; and Flutter’s ability to remediate material
weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting.
Additional factors that could cause the Company’s results to differ materially from those described
in the forward-looking statements can be found in Part I, “Item 1A. Risk Factors” of the Company’s




                                                                                                           15
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on February 26, 2026 and other periodic filings with the SEC, which
are accessible on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Accordingly, there are or will be important
factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these
statements. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction
with the other cautionary statements that are included in the Company’s filings with the SEC. The
Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement,
whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required by law.


About Flutter Entertainment plc
Flutter is the world’s leading online sports betting and iGaming operator, with a market leading
position in the US and across the world. Our ambition is to leverage our size and our challenger
mindset to change our industry for the better. By Changing the Game, we believe we can deliver
long-term growth while promoting a positive, sustainable future for all our stakeholders. We are well-
placed to do so through the distinctive, global advantages of the Flutter Edge, which gives our
brands access to group-wide benefits, as well as our clear vision for sustainability through our
Positive Impact Plan.
Flutter operates a diverse portfolio of leading online sports betting and iGaming brands including
FanDuel, Sky Betting & Gaming, Sportsbet, PokerStars, Paddy Power, Sisal, Snai, tombola, Betfair,
MaxBet, Junglee Games, Adjarabet and Betnacional. We are the industry leader with $16,383m of
revenue globally for fiscal 2025, up 17% YoY, and $4,304m of revenue globally for the quarter ended
March 31, 2026.

Contacts:

   Investor Relations:                           Media Relations:
   Paul Tymms, Investor Relations                Kate Delahunty, Corporate Communications
   Ciara O'Mullane, Investor Relations           Lindsay Dunford, Corporate Communications
                                                 Rob Allen, Corporate Communications
   Email: investor.relations@flutter.com         Email: corporatecomms@flutter.com




                                                                                                    16
Notes
1   Average Monthly Players (“AMPs”) is defined as the average over the applicable reporting period of the
    total number of players who have had a bet settled and/or contributed to rake or tournament fees during
    the month. This measure does not include individuals who have only used new player or player retention
    incentives, and this measure is for online players only and excludes retail player activity. In circumstances
    where a player uses multiple product categories within one brand, we are generally able to identify that it is
    the same player who is using multiple product categories and therefore count this player as only one AMP
    at the Group level while also counting this player as one AMP for each separate product category that the
    player is using. As a result, the sum of the AMPs presented at the product category level is greater than the
    total AMPs presented at the Group level. See Part II, “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
    Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Key Operational Metrics” of Flutter’s Annual Report on Form
    10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 filed with the SEC on February 26, 2026 for additional information
    regarding how we calculate AMPs data, including a discussion regarding duplication of players that exists
    in such data.
2   Organic revenue, Group adjusted EBITDA, organic adjusted EBITDA, Group adjusted EBITDA margin, free cash
    flow, free cash flow including financing capex and excluding player funds, net debt, leverage ratio, constant
    currency, adjusted net income attributable to Flutter shareholders and adjusted earnings per share are
    non-GAAP financial measures. See “Definitions of non-GAAP financial measures” and “Reconciliations of
    Non-GAAP Financial Measures” sections of this announcement for definitions of these measures and
    reconciliations to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP.
    Due to rounding, these numbers may not add up precisely to the totals provided.
3   The Group acquired Snai in April 2025 and NSX in May 2025. Both are reported within our International
    segment from their respective completion dates.
4   Flutter has ceased all real-money gaming operations in India following the enactment of the Promotion
    and Regulation of Online Gaming Act, 2025, which required Junglee and all other operators to immediately
    stop real-money gaming services.
5   US market position based on available market share data for states in which FanDuel is active. Online
    sportsbook market share is the gross gaming revenue (GGR) and net gaming revenue (NGR) market share
    of our FanDuel brand for the three months to March 31, 2026 in the states in which FanDuel was live
    (excluding Tennessee as they no longer report this data), based on published gaming regulator reports in
    those states. iGaming market share is the GGR market share of FanDuel for the three months to March 31,
    2026 in the states in which FanDuel was live, based on published gaming regulator reports in those states.
    US iGaming GGR market share including PokerStars US (which is reported in the International segment) for
    the three months to March 31, 2026 was 27%.
6   Impact of US sports results:
    •    Q1 sports results included in previous guidance: revenue $12m favorable, $8m adjusted EBITDA
         favorable
    •    Q1 total sports results: revenue $33m unfavorable, $22m adjusted EBITDA unfavorable
    Impact of International sports results:
    •    Q1 sports results included in previous guidance: revenue $50m unfavorable, $37m adjusted EBITDA
         unfavorable
    •    Q1 total sports results: revenue $100m unfavorable, $77m adjusted EBITDA unfavorable
7   Investment represents expected adjusted EBITDA impact of FanDuel Predicts, for FanDuel only. FanDuel will
    consolidate the results of FanDuel Predicts fully in its reported results. Under the terms of the partnership
    with CME Group, CME Group will receive a revenue share of approximately 50% of the gross revenue
    generated by FanDuel Predicts, before deduction of promotional spend. This revenue share cost will be
    accounted for in cost of sales. FanDuel will bear 100% of costs to support the FanDuel Predicts mobile app
    (promotional costs, sales and marketing, and non-exchange related cost of sales). CME Group will bear all
    costs to support the exchange.
8   Constant currency growth rates are calculated by retranslating the non-US dollar denominated
    component of Q1 2025 at Q1 2026 exchange rates. See reconciliation below.
9   Following a review of events in the current and prior periods, the Company has revised its definitions of
    organic revenue and organic adjusted EBITDA to better capture one-off events affecting year-over-year
    comparability. We believe that the revised definitions provide a more meaningful basis for comparison of
    period-over-period underlying performance of the Group’s segments and regions. The specific events
    which are adjusted for the periods under review are as follows:
    •   Contributions from the acquisition of Snai on April 30, 2025 and NSX on May 14, 2025 are excluded from
        the current period
    •   Contributions from Junglee are excluded from the prior period following the closure of real money
        gaming in India in August 2025
    •   Foreign currency fluctuations
    Please see "Definitions of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" and "Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial
    Measures" sections for detailed definitions and GAAP reconciliations.




                                                                                                                     17
10 Fox has an option to acquire an 18.6% equity interest in FanDuel (the Fox Option). Gains or losses in the fair
   value of the Fox Option primarily due to changes in the fair value of FanDuel during the reporting period are
   recorded in Other income (expense), net. See Part II, “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
   Data—Fair Value Measurements” of Flutter’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
   2025 filed with the SEC on February 26, 2026 for additional information regarding the Fox Option.
11 Beginning this quarter, the Group presents non-GAAP free cash flow further adjusted to include purchases
   of intangible assets with extended payment terms which are recognized within cashflows from financing
   activities ('financing capex'), and exclude changes in player deposits and related liabilities. We believe this
   measure provides additional insight into our ability to generate cash from core operations by including all
   intangible asset purchases by the Group and by eliminating cash flow movements from player deposit
   movements, which are not indicative of underlying business performance. Please see "Definitions of Non-
   GAAP Financial Measures" and "Reconciliations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" sections for detailed
   definitions and GAAP reconciliations.
12 A reconciliation of our forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable
   GAAP financial measure cannot be provided without unreasonable effort. This is due to the inherent
   difficulty of accurately forecasting the occurrence and financial impact of the adjusting items necessary
   for such a reconciliation to be prepared of items that have not yet occurred, are out of our control, or
   cannot be reasonably predicted.
13 The impact of changes in foreign exchange rates versus those used in the guidance issued on February 26,
   2026 is not significant. Therefore, foreign exchange rates assumed for 2026 guidance remain unchanged
   versus those used for guidance issued on February 26, 2026 of USD:GBP of 0.741, USD:EUR of 0.849 and
   USD:AUD of 1.412.
14 Italian market position and share based on regulator GGR data from Agenzia delle dogane e dei Monopoli
15 Unallocated corporate overhead includes shared technology, research and development, sales and
   marketing, and general and administrative expenses that are not allocated to a specific segment.
16 Total International revenue by region and year-over-year movements includes Other revenue in addition
   to Sports and iGaming revenue separately identified.
17 Capital expenditure is defined as payments for the purchase of property and equipment, the purchase of
   intangible assets and capitalized software.




                                                                                                                     18
Definitions of non-GAAP financial measures
This press release includes organic revenue, organic adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin,
adjusted net income, adjusted net income attributable to Flutter shareholders, adjusted Earnings Per Share
(“adjusted EPS”), leverage ratio, net debt, free cash flow including financing capex and excluding player funds,
adjusted depreciation and amortization and constant currency which are non-GAAP financial measures that we
use to supplement our results presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
(“GAAP”). These non-GAAP measures are presented solely as supplemental disclosures to reported GAAP
measures because we believe that these non-GAAP measures are useful in evaluating our operating
performance, similar to measures reported by its publicly-listed U.S. competitors, and regularly used by analysts,
lenders, financial institutional and investors as measures of performance. These non-GAAP measures are not
intended to be substitutes for any GAAP financial measures, and, as calculated, may not be comparable to other
similarly titled measures of performance of other companies in other industries or within the same industry.
Constant currency reflects certain operating results on a constant currency basis in order to facilitate period-to-
period comparisons of our results without regard to the impact of fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates.
The term foreign currency exchange rates refer to the exchange rates used to translate our operating results for
all countries where the functional currency is not the U.S. Dollar, into U.S. Dollars. Because we are a global
company, foreign currency exchange rates used for translation may have a significant effect on our reported
results. In general, our financial results are affected positively by a weaker U.S. Dollar and are affected negatively
by a stronger U.S. Dollar. References to operating results on a constant currency basis mean operating results
without the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We believe the disclosure of constant currency
results is helpful to investors because it facilitates period-to-period comparisons of our results by increasing the
transparency of our underlying performance by excluding the impact of fluctuating foreign currency exchange
rates. We calculate constant currency revenue, adjusted EBITDA and segment adjusted EBITDA by translating
prior-period revenue, adjusted EBITDA and segment adjusted EBITDA, as applicable, using the average exchange
rates from the current period rather than the actual average exchange rates in effect in the prior period.
Organic revenue is a non-GAAP measure presented on a segmental and regional basis in constant currency
terms. It excludes: (i) acquisitions (calculated by excluding the impact of material acquisitions that are not fully
consolidated in both current and comparative periods) and (ii) market exits resulting from significant regulatory
changes.
Organic adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure presented on a segmental basis in constant currency terms,
applying the same adjustments as organic revenue to adjusted EBITDA.
Organic revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth rates are also presented to show period-over-period movement.
We believe the disclosure of organic revenue, organic adjusted EBITDA, and their growth rates are helpful to
investors because they facilitate period-to-period comparisons by increasing transparency of our underlying
performance.
The International segment has experienced a number of changes that impact period-to-period comparability.
The following adjustments have been made in arriving at organic revenue and organic adjusted EBITDA:
•   Contributions from the acquisitions of Snai on April 30, 2025 and NSX on May 14, 2025 are excluded from the current
    period;
•   Junglee contributions are excluded from the comparative period following the closure of real money gaming in India in
    August 2025; and
•   Foreign currency fluctuations.

Adjusted EBITDA is defined on a Group basis as net income (loss) before income taxes; other income, net; interest
expense, net; depreciation and amortization; transaction fees and associated costs; restructuring and integration
costs; impairment of property and equipment, intangible assets, right-of-use assets and goodwill and share
based compensation expense.
Adjusted EBITDA margin is Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of revenue, respectively.
Adjusted net income is defined as net income (loss) as adjusted for after-tax effects of transaction fees and
associated costs; restructuring and integration costs; gaming taxes dispute, amortization of acquired intangibles,
accelerated amortization, loss (gain) on settlement of long-term debt; impairment of property and equipment,
intangible assets, right-of-use assets and goodwill; financing related fees not eligible for capitalization; gain from
disposal of businesses, fair value (gain)/loss on derivative instruments, fair value (gain)/loss on contingent
consideration, fair value (gain)/loss on Fox Option Liability and fair value (gain)/loss on investment and share-
based compensation.
Adjusted net income attributable to Flutter shareholders is defined as adjusted net income, adjusted for net
gain/(loss) attributable to non-controlling interests and redeemable non-controlling interests, and adjustment of
redeemable non-controlling interest to redemption value.




                                                                                                                      19
Adjusted EPS is calculated by dividing adjusted net income attributable to Flutter shareholders by the number of
diluted weighted-average ordinary shares outstanding in the period.
Adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin, adjusted net income, adjusted net income attributable to Flutter
shareholders and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures and should not be viewed as measures of overall
operating performance, indicators of our performance, considered in isolation, or construed as alternatives to
operating profit (loss), net income (loss) measures or earnings per share, or as alternatives to net cash provided
by (used in) operating activities, as measures of liquidity, or as alternatives to any other measure determined in
accordance with GAAP.
Management has historically used these measures when evaluating operating performance because we believe
that they provide additional perspective on the financial performance of our core business.
Adjusted EBITDA has further limitations as an analytical tool. Some of these limitations are:

•   it does not reflect the Group’s cash expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditure or contractual
    commitments;
•   it does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, the Group’s working capital needs;
•   it does not reflect interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on
    the Group’s debt;
•   it does not reflect share-based compensation expense which is primarily a non-cash charge that is part of our
    employee compensation;
•   although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will
    often have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect any cash requirements for such
    replacements;
•   it is not adjusted for all non-cash income or expense items that are reflected in the Group’s statements of cash flows;
    and
•   the further adjustments made in calculating Adjusted EBITDA are those that management consider not to be
    representative of the underlying operations of the Group and therefore are subjective in nature.
Net debt is defined as total debt, excluding premiums, discounts, and deferred financing expense, and the effect
of foreign exchange that is economically hedged as a result of our cross-currency interest rate swaps reflecting
the net cash outflow on maturity less cash and cash equivalents.
Leverage ratio is defined as net debt divided by last twelve months adjusted EBITDA. We use this non-GAAP
financial measure to evaluate our financial leverage. We present net debt to adjusted EBITDA because we believe
it is more representative of our financial position as it is reflective of our ability to cover our net debt obligations
with results from our core operations, and is an indicator of our ability to obtain additional capital resources for
our future cash needs. We believe net debt is a meaningful financial measure that may assist investors in
understanding our financial condition and recognizing underlying trends in our capital structure. The Leverage
Ratio is not a substitute for, and should be used in conjunction with, GAAP financial ratios. Other companies may
calculate leverage ratios differently.
Free cash flow is defined as net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less payments for property and
equipment, intangible assets and capitalized software. Free cash flow including financing capex and excluding
player funds is defined as free cash flow less purchases of intangible assets with extended payment terms
recognized within cashflows from financing activities, and excluding movements in player deposits - investments
and player deposit liabilities. We believe this measure provides additional insight into our ability to generate cash
from core operations by including all intangible asset purchases by the Group and by eliminating cash flow
movements from player deposit movements, which are not indicative of underlying business performance. These
non-GAAP measures may be useful to investors and other users of our financial statements as supplemental
measures of our cash performance, but should not be considered in isolation as a measure of residual cash flow
available for discretionary purposes, or as an alternative to operating cash flows presented in accordance with
GAAP. Free cash flow and free cash flow including financing capex and excluding player funds do not necessarily
represent funds available for discretionary use and are not necessarily a measure of our ability to fund our cash
needs. Our calculation of free cash flow and free cash flow including financing capex and excluding player funds
may differ from similarly titled measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness as comparative
measures.
Adjusted depreciation and amortization is defined as depreciation and amortization excluding amortization of
acquired intangibles.




                                                                                                                              20
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets
                                                                              As of         As of
                                                                             March 31,   December 31,
($ in millions except share and per share amounts)                            2026          2025
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                    1,512         1,828
  Cash and cash equivalents – restricted                                          73           72
  Player deposits – cash and cash equivalents                                  1,920         1,932
  Player deposits – investments                                                   23           23
  Accounts receivable, net                                                      155           190
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                      817           751
Total current assets                                                          4,500          4,796
  Investments                                                                     6             7
  Property and equipment, net                                                   597           630
  Operating lease right-of-use assets                                           538           550
  Intangible assets, net                                                       6,714         7,019
  Goodwill                                                                    15,649        15,825
  Deferred tax assets                                                           295           309
  Other non-current assets                                                       175          144
Total assets                                                                  28,474        29,280
Liabilities, redeemable non-controlling interests and shareholders’ equity
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable                                                              427           386
  Player deposit liability                                                     1,863         1,859
  Operating lease liabilities                                                    153           130
  Long-term debt due within one year                                              171          109
  Other current liabilities                                                    2,366         2,559
Total current liabilities                                                     4,980         5,043
  Operating lease liabilities – non-current                                     442           476
  Long-term debt                                                               11,794        12,157
  Deferred tax liabilities                                                     1,038          1,105
  Other non-current liabilities                                                  511           801
Total liabilities                                                             18,765        19,582
Commitments and contingencies
Redeemable non-controlling interests                                            417          424
Shareholders’ equity
  Ordinary shares (Authorized 300,000,000 shares of €0.09 (March 31, 2026:
  $0.10; December 31, 2025: $0.11) par value each; issued March 31, 2026:
  174,400,428 shares; December 31, 2025: 175,224,066 shares)                     36           36
  Additional paid-in capital                                                   2,049        1,989
  Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                        (1,252)       (1,111)
  Retained earnings                                                            8,231        8,124
Total Flutter Shareholders’ Equity                                            9,064         9,038
Non-controlling interests                                                       228          236
Total shareholders’ equity                                                     9,292        9,274
Total liabilities, redeemable non-controlling interests and shareholders’
equity                                                                        28,474        29,280




                                                                                                      21
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
                                                                              Three months ended March
($ in millions except share and per share amounts)                                       31,
                                                                                2026           2025
Revenue                                                                         4,304         3,665
 Cost of sales                                                                  (2,467)       (1,956)
Gross profit                                                                     1,837         1,709
 Technology, research and development expenses                                  (259)          (215)
 Sales and marketing expenses                                                   (966)         (840)
 General and administrative expenses                                            (533)          (431)
Operating profit                                                                  79           223
 Other income (expense), net                                                      311          216
 Interest expense, net                                                          (156)          (85)
Profit before income taxes                                                       234           354
 Income tax expense                                                              (25)          (19)
Net income                                                                       209           335
 Net (loss) income attributable to non-controlling interests and redeemable
 non-controlling interests                                                        (7)           3
 Adjustment of redeemable non-controlling interest to redemption value            (2)           49
 Net income attributable to Flutter shareholders                                 218           283
Earnings per share
 Basic                                                                           1.24          1.59
 Diluted                                                                         1.23          1.57
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:
 Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges                   17           (44)
 Fair value of cash flow hedges transferred to the income statement              (11)           36
 Changes in excluded components of fair value hedge                                1            (1)
 Foreign exchange gain (loss) on net investment hedges                             1           (14)
 Foreign exchange gain (loss) on translation of the net assets of foreign
 currency denominated entities                                                   (132)         369
 Income tax expense related to items of other comprehensive loss                  (1)           —
Other comprehensive (loss) income                                               (125)          346
 Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Flutter shareholders          (141)         336
 Other comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interest and
 redeemable non-controlling interest                                              16            10
Total comprehensive income                                                        84           681




                                                                                                        22
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                                                                             Three months ended March
                                                                                        31,
($ in millions)                                                                 2026         2025
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income                                                                      209           335
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities:
 Depreciation and amortization                                                   416          294
 Change in fair value of derivatives                                             —             —
 Non-cash interest expense, net                                                  67            12
 Non-cash operating lease expense                                                35            43
 Unrealized foreign currency exchange gain, net                                 (20)          (8)
 Loss (gain) on disposals                                                        2            (3)
 Share-based compensation – equity classified                                    53            56
 Share-based compensation – liability classified                                 (4)            1
 Other (income) expense, net                                                    (293)        (205)
 Deferred tax (benefit) expense                                                 (37)            1
 Change in operating assets and liabilities:
 Player deposits - investments                                                   (5)           9
 Accounts receivable                                                             32           (9)
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                      (43)           (1)
 Accounts payable                                                                65            84
 Other liabilities                                                              (140)        (236)
 Player deposit liability                                                        20           (147)
 Operating leases liabilities                                                   (27)          (38)
Net cash provided by operating activities                                       330           188
Cash flows from investing activities:
 Purchases of property and equipment                                            (25)          (19)
 Purchases of intangible assets                                                 (32)          (33)
 Capitalized software                                                           (120)         (48)
 Proceeds from disposal of intangible assets                                     —             5
 Cash settlement of derivatives designated in net investment hedge               5             4
 Other advances                                                                  —            (9)
Net cash used in investing activities                                           (172)        (100)
Cash flows from financing activities:
 Proceeds from issue of ordinary share upon exercise of options                  4             3
 Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt (net of transactions costs)           450            —
 Transaction costs with third parties from issuance of long-term debt            (6)           —
 Repayment of long-term debt                                                    (744)         (10)
 Distributions to non-controlling interests                                     (12)          (4)
 Payment of contingent consideration                                             —            (16)
 Purchases of intangible assets with extended payment terms                     (15)           —
 Repurchase of ordinary shares and taxes withheld and paid on employee
 share awards                                                                   (135)        (244)




                                                                                                      23
 Net cash (used in) financing activities                                                          (458)              (271)

 Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                                        (300)             (183)
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash – Beginning of the period                              3,832             3,509
 Foreign currency exchange gain (loss) on cash and cash equivalents                                (27)                67
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash – End of the period                                    3,505             3,393

 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash comprise of:
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                     1,512             1,537
     Cash and cash equivalents - restricted                                                         73                 54
     Player deposits - cash & cash equivalents                                                     1,920             1,802
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash – End of the period                                    3,505             3,393

 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
     Interest paid                                                                                  97                 91
     Income tax paid (net of refunds)                                                                77                21
     Operating cash flows from operating leases                                                     36                 38

 Non-cash investing and financing activities:
     Purchase of long lived assets with accrued expense - investing1                                52                 91
     Purchase of long lived assets with accrued expense - financing        1
                                                                                                    57                 —
     Right of use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities                    17                15
     Adjustments to lease balances as a result of remeasurement                                      13                25
     Non-cash issuance of common stock upon exercise of options1                                     3                 —

1.     Figures represent the closing position at the end of the reporting period and not the movement during the period.




                                                                                                                             24
Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures
Adjusted EBITDA reconciliation
See below a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin to net income, the most comparable
GAAP measure.
                                                                                                Three months ended March
                                                                                                           31,
 ($ in millions)                                                                                   2026               2025
 Net income                                                                                         209                335
 Add back:
 Income taxes                                                                                        25                 19
 Other (expense) income, net                                                                       (311)              (216)
 Interest expense, net                                                                              156                 85
 Depreciation and amortization                                                                      416                294
 Share-based compensation expense                                                                   49                  57
 Transaction fees and associated costs        1
                                                                                                     21                  1
 Restructuring and integration costs      2
                                                                                                    66                  41
 Group Adjusted EBITDA                                                                              631                616

 Group Revenue                                                                                     4,304              3,665
 Group Adjusted EBITDA Margin                                                                      14.7%              16.8%

1.   Fees primarily relate to the Group’s contribution to a super political action committee.
2.   Costs primarily relate to various restructuring, acquisition integration and other strategic initiatives to drive synergies.
     The programs are expected to run until 2027. These actions include efforts to consolidate and integrate our technology
     infrastructure, back-office functions and relocate certain operations to lower cost locations. It also includes business
     process re-engineering cost, planning and design of target operating models for the Group's enabling functions and
     discovery and planning related to the Group's anticipated migration to a new enterprise resource planning system. The
     costs primarily include severance expenses, advisory fees and temporary staffing costs.




                                                                                                                               25
Adjusted net income attributable to Flutter shareholders
See below a reconciliation of Adjusted net income attributable to Flutter shareholders to net income/ (loss), the
most comparable GAAP measure.

                                                                                                Three months ended March
                                                                                                           31,
 ($ in millions)                                                                                    2026                  2025
 Net income                                                                                          209                  335
 Less:
 Transaction fees and associated costs                                                                21                    1
 Restructuring and integration costs                                                                 66                    41
 Amortization of acquired intangibles                                                                214                   158
 Share-based compensation                                                                            49                    57
 Financing related fees not eligible for capitalization                                               —                     1
 Fair value gain on Fox Option Liability                                                            (293)                 (205)
 Tax impact of above adjustments        1
                                                                                                    (58)                  (50)
 Adjusted net income                                                                                 208                  338
 Less:
 Net (loss) income attributable to non-controlling interests and redeemable
 non-controlling interests2                                                                          (7)                   3
 Adjustment of redeemable non-controlling interest          3
                                                                                                     (2)                   49
 Adjusted net income attributable to Flutter shareholders                                            217                  286
 Weighted average number of shares                                                                   177                  180

1.   Tax rates used in calculated adjusted net income attributable to Flutter shareholders is the statutory tax rate applicable
     to the geographies in which the adjustments were incurred.
2.   Represents net income attributed to the non-controlling interest in Sisal offset by the net loss attributed to the
     redeemable non-controlling interest in MaxBet, Junglee and Betnacional.
3.   Represents the adjustment made to the carrying value of the redeemable non-controlling interests in MaxBet and
     Junglee to account for the higher of (i) the initial carrying amount adjusted for cumulative earnings allocations, or (ii)
     redemption value at each reporting date through retained earnings.




                                                                                                                                  26
Adjusted earnings per share reconciliation
See below a reconciliation of adjusted earnings per share to diluted earnings per share, the most comparable
GAAP measure.

                                                                               Three months ended March
                                                                                          31,
$                                                                                 2026            2025
Earnings per share to Flutter shareholders                                         1.23            1.57
Add/ (Less):
Transaction fees and associated costs                                              0.12            0.01
Restructuring and integration costs                                                0.37            0.23
Amortization of acquired intangibles                                               1.21            0.88
Share-based compensation                                                           0.28            0.31
Financing related fees not eligible for capitalization                              —              0.01
Fair value gain on Fox Option Liability                                           (1.66)          (1.14)
Tax impact of above adjustments                                                   (0.33)          (0.28)
Adjusted earnings per share                                                        1.22            1.59




                                                                                                           27
Net debt reconciliation
See below a reconciliation of net debt to long-term debt, the most comparable GAAP measure.

                                                                                            As of             As of
                                                                                           March 31,       December 31,
($ in millions)                                                                              2026              2025
Long-term debt                                                                               11,794             12,157
Long-term debt due within one year                                                             171               109
Total Debt                                                                                   11,965            12,266

Add:
Transactions costs, premiums or discount included in the carrying value of
debt                                                                                           87                93
Less:
Unrealized foreign exchange on translation of foreign currency debt 1                          35                60
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                    (1,512)           (1,828)
Net Debt                                                                                     10,575             10,591


1.   Representing the adjustment for foreign exchange that is economically hedged as a result of our cross-currency
     interest rate swaps to reflect the net cash outflow on maturity.



Free cash flow including financing capex and excluding player funds
See below a reconciliation of free cash flow and free cash flow including financing capex and excluding player
funds to net cash provided by operating activities, the most comparable GAAP measure.

                                                                                          Three months ended March
                                                                                                     31,
 ($ in millions)                                                                              2026              2025
 Net cash provided by operating activities                                                     330               188
 Less cash impact of:
 Purchases of property and equipment                                                           (25)              (19)
 Purchases of intangible assets                                                                (32)              (33)
 Capitalized software                                                                         (120)              (48)
 Free cash flow                                                                                153                88
 Less: Purchases of intangible assets with extended payment terms                              (15)               0
 Less movements in:
 Player deposits - investments                                                                  5                (9)
 Player deposit liability                                                                      (20)               147
 Free cash flow including financing capex and excluding player funds                           123               226




                                                                                                                         28
Constant currency and organic reconciliation
See below a reconciliation of constant currency and organic revenue and adjusted EBITDA to nominal currency
revenue and segment adjusted EBITDA, the most comparable GAAP measure.

Q1 2026                            Reported FX impact1   Constant   Acquisitions2   India exit3   Organic
                                                         currency

US revenue                          1,763                 1,763

UKI sportsbook revenue               361                   361                                      361
UKI iGaming revenue                  502                   502                                     502
UKI revenue                          900                   900                                     900

SEA sportsbook revenue               341                   341                                      181
SEA iGaming revenue                  586                   586                                      401
SEA revenue                          940                   940         (350)                       590

APAC revenue                         305                   305                                     305
CEE revenue                          160                   160                                      160
Brazil revenue                        74                    74          (63)                        11
Other regions revenue                162                   162                                      162

International sportsbook revenue     1,077                 1,077                                   894
International iGaming revenue       1,386                  1,386                                   1,160
International revenue               2,541                 2,541         (413)                      2,128

Group revenue                       4,304                 4,304

US adjusted EBITDA                   119                    119
International adjusted EBITDA        587                   587          (69)                        518

Unallocated corporate                (75)                  (75)
overhead
Group adjusted EBITDA4               631                   631




                                                                                                           29
Q1 2025                                Reported FX impact1       Constant      Acquisitions2    India exit3    Organic
                                                                 currency

US revenue                               1,666          3           1,669

UKI sportsbook revenue                    404           31           435                                          435
UKI iGaming revenue                       441           32           473                                          473
UKI revenue                               882           67           949                                          949

SEA sportsbook revenue                    155           18           173                                          173
SEA iGaming revenue                       287           15           302                                          302
SEA revenue                               448           33           481                                          481

APAC revenue                              313           26           339                           (40)           299
CEE revenue                               140           10           150                                          150
Brazil revenue                             9             1            10                                           10
Other regions revenue                     207           16           223                                          223

International sportsbook revenue          880           83           963                                          963
International iGaming revenue            1,050          64           1,114                         (40)          1,074
International revenue                    1,999         153          2,152                          (40)          2,112

Group revenue                            3,665         156          3,821

US adjusted EBITDA                        161          (3)           158
International adjusted EBITDA             518           40          558                             (13)          545

Unallocated corporate                    (63)          (6)          (69)
overhead
Group adjusted EBITDA4                    616           30          646
1.   Representing adjustments to identify the year-over-year movement driven by changes to foreign currency exchange
     rates, calculated by translating prior period amounts using the average exchange rates from the current period rather
     than the actual average exchange rates in effect in the prior period. The resulting figures are referred to as constant
     currency comparatives. The subsequent amounts adjusted for acquisitions, India market exit and internal reorganizations
     are likewise shown on a constant currency basis.
2.   Representing adjustments to exclude the impacts from businesses acquired after the start of the prior comparative
     period. The Snai and NSX acquisitions were completed on April 30, 2025, and May 14, 2025, respectively. As such, any
     revenue or adjusted EBITDA generated between January 1, 2026, and March 31, 2026 has been excluded from organic
     figures to facilitate meaningful analysis and comparison of our underlying growth year-over-year.
3.   Representing adjustments to exclude the impacts resulting from the enactment of the Promotion and Regulation of
     Online Gaming Act 2025, which required Junglee and all other operators to immediately stop real-money gaming
     services. As such, any revenue or adjusted EBITDA generated between January 1, 2025, and March 31, 2025 has been
     excluded from organic figures to facilitate meaningful analysis and comparison of our underlying growth year-over-year.
4.   Group adjusted EBITDA has been reconciled to net income above, the most directly comparable financial measures
     calculated in accordance with GAAP.




                                                                                                                         30
This results in the following year-over-year growth rates:

Q1 2026                                YoY reported        FX impact        YoY CC          Organic         YoY organic
                                                                                          adjustments

US revenue                                   +6%              —%              +6%

UKI sportsbook revenue                      (11)%             +6%             (17)%             —%               (17)%
UKI iGaming revenue                         +14%              +8%              +6%              —%               +6%
UKI revenue                                  +2%              +7%             (5)%              —%               (5)%

SEA sportsbook revenue                      +120%            +23%             +97%             +92%              +5%
SEA iGaming revenue                         +104%            +10%             +94%             +61%              +33%
SEA revenue                                 +110%            +15%             +95%             +72%              +23%

APAC revenue                                 (3)%             +7%             (10)%            (12)%             +2%
CEE revenue                                 +14%              +7%              +7%              —%               +7%
Brazil revenue                              +722%            +82%            +640%             +630%             +10%
Other regions revenue                       (22)%             +5%             (27)%             —%               (27)%

International sportsbook revenue            +22%             +10%             +12%             +19%              (7)%
International iGaming revenue               +32%              +8%             +24%             +16%              +8%
International revenue                       +27%              +9%             +18%             +17%              +1%

Group revenue                               +17%              +4%             +13%

US adjusted EBITDA                          (26)%             (1)%           (25)%
International adjusted EBITDA               +13%              +8%             +5%              +10%              (5)%
Unallocated corporate overhead              +19%             +10%             +9%
Group adjusted EBITDA                        +2%              +4%             (2)%



Reconciliation of supplementary non GAAP information: Adjusted depreciation
and amortization
                                                 Three months ended March 31,          Three months ended March 31,
($ millions)                                                2026                                  2025
Unaudited                                           US      Intl     Corp    Total       US       Intl    Corp      Total
Depreciation and Amortization                        61     341        14     416         33      250       11       294
Less: Amortization of acquired intangibles          (25)   (189)       —     (214)       (4)     (154)      —       (158)
Adjusted depreciation and amortization       1
                                                    36      152        14     202         29       96       11         136


1.   Adjusted depreciation and amortization is defined as depreciation and amortization excluding amortization of acquired
     intangibles.




                                                                                                                             31
