Our unparalleled portfolio of
leading brands connect with millions
of players worldwide
At a Glance                      1
                                     Contacts and Other Information   11

Disclosures in Connection with
                                 4
our LSE Listing                      Annual Report on Form 10-K       13

Shareholder Information          7
At a Glance
Changing the Game
Flutter Entertainment plc (“Flutter”) is the parent company of some of the world’s
biggest and most popular online sports betting and iGaming brands, including FanDuel,
Sky Betting & Gaming, Sportsbet, PokerStars, Paddy Power, Sisal, Snai, tombola, Betfair,
MaxBet, Junglee Games, Adjarabet and Betnacional.
We are the global leader in online sports betting and iGaming, with an unparalleled portfolio of world-class brands,
unmatched scale and challenger mindset. Harnessing the product, technology, expertise and scale benefits of the Flutter
Edge, we are empowering local hero brands with the benefits of a global leader. Together, we are changing the game.




    Our strategy is designed to:




    Win in the US by solidifying              Win in the Rest of World by                 Develop a Sustainable business
    FanDuel’s #1 market position and          consolidating our gold medal                through our Positive Impact Plan,
    transforming our earnings profile         positions in international markets,         ensuring our customers Play Well,
    through operating leverage                growing local hero brands through           our colleagues Work Better, that
                                              organic investment and M&A, and             we Do More for our communities
                                              enhancing earnings through                  and Go Zero, our plan to reach net
                                              diversification and efficiencies            zero on greenhouse gas emissions
                                                                                          by 2035




                                            < US: 42%
                                            < UK & Ireland: 22%
                                            < Southern Europe & Africa: 17%
                Global                      < Asia Pacific: 9%
              footprint*                    < Central & Eastern Europe: 4%
                                            < Brazil: 1%
                                            < Other regions: 5%
                                           * Based on our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025.




                                                                  Flutter Entertainment plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025    1
Our divisions

      US




      Our US division consists of our FanDuel and TVG brands. We offer a diverse set of sports betting, iGaming, daily
      fantasy sports and racing wagering products to customers in the US and Canada. FanDuel, which is Flutter’s largest
      brand, is the US market’s leading online sportsbook and iGaming operator, with gross gaming revenue and market
      share of 41% and 27%1 respectively as at December 31, 2025. It is well positioned to continue to take advantage of the
      rapidly expanding opportunity in the US as more US states regulate for our products. We also launched FanDuel
      Predicts in December 2025 as part of a partnership with CME Group, giving customers access to select financial
      markets, and sports event contracts where online sports betting has not yet been regulated at a state level.




                                   $7.0BN                                         4.0M
                                   REVENUE                                        AVERAGE MONTHLY
                                                                                  PLAYERS




1.   Online sportsbook and iGaming market share is the gross gaming revenue (“GGR”) and net gaming revenue (“NGR”) market share of our
     FanDuel brand for the twelve months to December 31, 2025 in the states in which FanDuel was live (excluding Tennessee as they no longer
     report this data), based on published gaming regulator reports in those states. iGaming market share is the GGR, market share of FanDuel
     for the twelve months to December 31, 2025 in the states in which FanDuel was live, based on published gaming regulator reports in those
     states. US iGaming GGR market share including PokerStars US (which is reported in the International segment) for the twelve months to
     December 31, 2025 was 28%.




2         Flutter Entertainment plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
INTERNATIONAL




Through our International division, we operate in approximately 100 countries around the world, offering sports
betting, exchange, casino, lottery, poker, bingo, and daily fantasy sports, mainly online. We hold leading market
positions in some of the largest and most attractive markets in the world, including the UK, Italy and Australia,
through a portfolio of best-in-class brands. Our operations are organized by geography to ensure decision making
remains close to the customer, while still benefiting from the Flutter Edge.




                         $9.4BN                                     11.9M
                         REVENUE                                    AVERAGE MONTHLY
                                                                    PLAYERS




                                                             Flutter Entertainment plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025   3
Disclosures in Connection
with our LSE Listing
As a company with a listing on the equity shares (international commercial
companies secondary listing) segment of the London Stock Exchange
(“LSE”)(Secondary Listing), Flutter Entertainment plc is required to make certain
disclosures under the UK Listing Rules (the “UKLRs”) and Disclosure, Guidance and
                                                                                                         Tenure
Transparency Rules (the “DTRs”). Set out below are details of where such disclosures
can be found:


Corporate Governance Statement
Our Corporate Governance Statement, as required by DTR 7.2, is available on our            g < 5 yrs    g 5-10 yrs   g > 10 yrs
website, in the Policies and Documents section, see: Corporate Governance
Statement                                                                                     4.6 years average tenure


Board and Executive Management Diversity
The Nominating and Governance Committee considers the structure, size and
composition of the Board and its committees. It advises on orderly succession
                                                                                                        Gender
planning and non-executive recruitment and makes recommendations to the                                 Diversity
Board on appointments. The Nominating and Governance Committee considers
the balance of skills, experience, knowledge and diversity of background, to achieve
our strategic vision and act in the interest of shareholders and other stakeholders.
Due to changes to the Board during 2025, as at December 31, 2025, the Board did not
                                                                                                g Female       g Male
meet the target contained in UKLR 14.3.30R of at least one Board member being from
a minority ethnic background. Following the relocation of our primary listing to the
                                                                                                       50% female
NYSE and our transition to the Secondary Listing on May 31, 2024, we no longer
maintain the position of Senior Independent Director. As a result of this, the Board did
not meet the target contained in UKLR 14.3.30R of at least one senior Board position
being held by a woman as at December 31, 2025. The Board had 50% female
representation as at December 31, 2025. Spencer Stuart, an external search agency,                       Average
was used during the Non-Executive Director recruitment process of Mr. Bomhard.                           Age
The Nominating and Governance Committee also oversee succession planning for
senior executives.

The following tables set out the information required to be included in the Annual
Report and Accounts 2025 under the UKLR 14.3.30R, as at December 31, 2025. The             g 40-50      g 50-60      g 60-70+

information included in the below tables, and to support the statement made above
                                                                                                     61.4 average age
relating to the targets set, has been collected by self-disclosure directly from the
individuals concerned, using a questionnaire requesting the individual to select their
gender identity and ethnicity from a list of options of equal prominence.




4        Flutter Entertainment plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
For the purposes of the below tables, executive management is as defined in the UKLR, being the executive committee or most
senior executive or managerial management body below the Board (or where there is no such formal committee or body, the
most senior level of managers reporting to the chief executive), including the Company Secretary but excluding administrative
and support staff. For Flutter, this is the members of our Executive Committee and the Company Secretary.

Gender Identity

                                                                                   Number of senior
                                                                                    positions on the           Number in         Percentage of
                                              Number of Board        Percentage of  Board (CEO, SID            executive             executive
                                                   Members               the Board       and Chair)          management          management


Men                                                            5                50%                    2                   5                83.3%

Women                                                          5                50%                    0                   1                16.7%

Other categories*                                              0                 0%                    0                   0                  0%

Not specified/prefer not to say                                0                 0%                    0                   0                  0%


* In collecting data on gender identity, we also included additional categories including gender fluid, intersex, non-binary, transgender
  or other gender.



Ethnic Background

                                                                                   Number of senior
                                                                                    positions on the           Number in         Percentage of
                                              Number of Board        Percentage of  Board (CEO, SID            executive             executive
                                                   Members               the Board       and Chair)          management          management


White British or other White
                                                              10               100%                    2                   8                100%
(including minority-white groups)

Mixed/multiple ethnic groups                                   0                 0%                    0                   0                  0%

Asian/Asian British                                            0                 0%                    0                   0                  0%

Black/African/Caribbean/Black British                          0                 0%                    0                   0                  0%

Other ethnic group                                             0                 0%                    0                   0                  0%

Not specified/prefer not to say                                0                 0%                    0                   0                  0%



Senior Managers
Senior managers are defined in legislation as including both persons responsible for planning directly or controlling the
activities of the Company (or strategically part of the Company), and any other Directors of undertakings including in
the consolidated accounts. For reporting purposes, as at December 31, 2025, there were 128 Group subsidiary entity Board
Directors, comprising 23 female and 105 male.




                                                                           Flutter Entertainment plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025                5
Sustainability Reporting
In accordance with UKLR 14.3.24R, the Company is required to state whether it prepares climate-related financial disclosures
which are consistent with the 4 recommendations and the 11 recommended disclosures set out in the June 2017 report of the
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”) entitled “Recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures” (the “TCFD Report”).

The Company has published a ‘FY25 Climate Report’ that provides detail on our environment goals, progress, and
environment-related disclosures. The Company has included TCFD disclosures in the ‘FY25 Climate Report’ which are
consistent with the 4 recommendations and 10 of the 11 recommended disclosures set out in the TCFD Report across the pillars
of Governance, Strategy, Risk Management and Metrics & Targets. There is one recommended disclosure, under the Metrics &
Targets pillar, to which we are only partially aligned. The rationale for this together with a summary of steps to be taken to
move from “partially” to “fully aligned” in respect of this disclosure will be contained in our ‘FY25 Climate Report’.

Overview of the disclosures are found below, and full details can be found in our ‘FY25 Climate Report’:

• Governance: Full disclosure of board oversight and management's role in assessing climate-related risks and opportunities

• Strategy: Complete alignment on identifying climate-related risks and opportunities across short, medium, and long-term
    horizons

• Risk Management: Full compliance on all processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks, including
    integration with overall risk management frameworks

• Metrics and Targets: Complete alignment on greenhouse gas emissions disclosure (Scopes 1, 2, and applicable Scope 3)
    and on performance targets and partial alignment on the metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related risks
    and opportunities

This year, we have continued working to progress the alignment of our strategy with the TCFD recommendations.
This alignment reflects our commitment to enhancing transparency and effectively managing climate-related risks
and opportunities.

We are in the process of developing a comprehensive set of climate-related metrics in preparation for the implementation
of the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (“CSRD”). Following recent legislative change, we will now be subject
to report pursuant to CSRD for our 2027 financial year, so will be delivering our first CSRD reporting in 2028. We expect these
metrics to enhance our ability to assess, manage, and disclose climate-related risks and opportunities in alignment with our
strategy and risk management processes.

The ‘FY25 Climate Report’ was published on February 26, 2026 and is available on our website at:
https://flutter.com/investors/investor-hub/sustainability-reporting.




6         Flutter Entertainment plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Shareholder Information
Incorporation and Stock Listing
Flutter Entertainment plc (the “Company” or “Flutter”), together with its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”),
is a global sports betting and iGaming group, with registered offices in Dublin, and operational headquarters in New York.
The Company is a public limited company incorporated and domiciled under the laws of Ireland and has its primary listing
on the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) under the symbol FLUT and the Secondary Listing on the London Stock Exchange
under the symbol FLTR. As at February 24, 2026, there were 2,607 holders of record of our ordinary shares (“Shares”). This does
not include the number of shareholders that hold beneficial interests in our Shares in “registered form / street name” or
through “CREST Depository Interests” through banks or broker-dealers.


Internet Information
Information on Flutter’s financial reports and its services is available on the internet at www.flutter.com.


Form 10-K
Our Annual Report on Form 10-K has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. To request a copy of the Form
10-K, free of charge from the Company, please contact Investor Relations.


Corporate Governance
Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Ethics and additional information about the Board and its committees and
corporate governance at Flutter are posted on our website at www.flutter.com. Shareholders who would like to request
printed copies of Flutter’s Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Ethics or the charters of the Board’s Audit, Nominating
and Governance, Compensation and Human Resources or Risk and Sustainability Committee (all of which are posted to our
website), may do so by sending their requests to the Company Secretary at Flutter Entertainment plc, at Belfield Office Park,
Beech Hill Road, Clonskeagh, Dublin 4, D04 V972, Ireland.

In addition, the Company’s corporate website provides shareholders with a broad range of other information including
investor information such as the Annual Report and Accounts 2025, current and historic share prices, AGM materials, events
and governance information.




     AGM 2026 will be held at our registered office address, Belfield Office Park, Beech Hill Road, Clonskeagh, Dublin 4,
     D04 V972, Ireland on May 29, 2026.




                                                                   Flutter Entertainment plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025        7
Inquiries
Analysts, institutional investors, individual shareholders and others seeking general information should contact Investor
Relations via email at investor.relations@flutter.com.


Changes to the Board of Directors during 2025
Stefan Bomhard joined the board as a Non-Executive Director on October 1, 2025. Atif Rafiq did not seek re-election at the
Company’s AGM in 2025 and therefore ceased to be a member of the Board with effect from June 5, 2025. In accordance with
the provisions of our Articles of Association, all Directors eligible for re-election retire at each AGM and offer themselves for
election or re-election (as appropriate). Accordingly, all Directors will retire and, all Directors who choose to do so, will seek
election or re-election (as appropriate) at the AGM to be held on May 29, 2026. The Board believes that all Directors offering
themselves for election or re-election continue to be effective and demonstrate commitment to the role. The Company also
announced the appointments of Sally Susman and David Kenny as Non-Executive Directors in December 2025 and January
2026 respectively, effective as of the conclusion of the AGM to be held on May 29, 2026. The names and biographies of our
current Directors can be found at flutter.com and in the Proxy Statement to be published on April 16, 2026.


Shareholders’ meetings
The Company is incorporated under the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland. Under the Companies Act 2014, the Company is
required to hold a general meeting of shareholders each calendar year as its Annual General Meeting (“AGM”). Any other
general meeting of shareholders held in that year is classified as an Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”). Not more than
15 months may elapse between the date of one AGM and the next. EGMs are convened when considered appropriate by the
Board and may also be convened at the request of members holding not less than 10% of the issued share capital of the
Company which carries voting rights.

No business may be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum is present at the time when the meeting proceeds
to business. Under the Company’s Constitution, two persons entitled to vote upon the business to be transacted, present
in person or by proxy or as a duly authorised representative of a corporate member, constitute a quorum. Only those
shareholders registered on the Company’s register of members at the prescribed record date, being a date specified by
the Board in relation to the relevant general meeting, are entitled to attend and vote at a general meeting.

While the Company’s Constitution provides that resolutions shall be voted on the taking of a poll, after each resolution has
been dealt with, details are given of the level of proxy votes cast on each resolution and the numbers for, against and withheld.
On a poll, the votes of shareholders present and voting at the meeting are added to the proxy votes received in advance of the
meeting and the total number of votes for, against and withheld for each resolution are announced following the conclusion of
the meeting. Ordinary resolutions may be passed by a simple majority of votes cast in favour, while special resolutions require
a 75% majority of votes cast in favour. Any shareholder who is entitled to attend, speak and vote at a general meeting is
entitled to appoint one or more proxies to attend, speak and vote on his or her behalf. A proxy need not be a member of the
Company. The business of the Company is managed by the Directors who may do all such acts and things and exercise all the
powers of the Company save for those powers required to be exercised by the Company in general meeting. Matters reserved
to shareholders in general meetings include the election of Directors, the declaration of final dividends on the
recommendation of the Directors, the fixing of the remuneration of the external auditor, amendments to the Constitution,
measures to increase or reduce the ordinary share capital and the authority to issue shares.


Annual General Meeting 2026
Shareholders are invited to attend the Flutter Entertainment plc Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on May 29, 2026,
beginning at 2:00 p.m. Irish time / 9:00 a.m. Eastern time at the Company’s registered office at Belfield Office Park, Beech Hill
Road, Clonskeagh, Dublin, D04 V972, Ireland. Shareholders will also be provided with a facility to listen to the AGM remotely by
using the Broadridge webcast platform.




8        Flutter Entertainment plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Auditor
KPMG, Chartered Accountants, was appointed as statutory auditor on May 18, 2018 and has been reappointed annually since
that date, and pursuant to section 383(2) of the Companies Act 2014 will continue in office for the financial year ending
December 31, 2026. A non-binding resolution to ratify the appointment of KPMG as our independent registered public
accounting firm and auditor for the year ending December 31, 2026 will be proposed at the 2026 AGM. In addition, pursuant
to section 381(1)(b) of the Companies Act 2014, a binding resolution authorising the Directors to fix the remuneration of KPMG
for the year ending December 31, 2026 will also be proposed at the 2026 AGM.


Dividends
Dividend payments
Details of the Company’s dividends policy for the financial year ended December 31, 2025 can be found at:
www.flutter.com/investors

Dividend withholding tax (“DWT”)
As an Irish resident company, all dividends paid by the Company are subject to DWT, currently at the rate of 25% unless a
shareholder is entitled to an exemption. Shareholders entitled to the exemption must have submitted a properly completed
exemption form to the Company’s Registrar by the relevant record date for the dividend. Non-Irish resident shareholders and
certain Irish companies, trusts, pension schemes, investment undertakings, companies’ resident in any member state of the
European Union and charities may be entitled to claim exemption from DWT. If you are a registered holder and require any
further assistance or information on the relevant form to be completed, please contact the Registrar. If you are a beneficial
holder and hold your shares through a broker, please contact your broker for further assistance.

Forms are available on the Irish Tax & Customs Revenue website: www.revenue.ie

Shareholders should note that DWT will be deducted from dividends where a properly completed form has not been received
by the relevant record date for a dividend.

Out-of-date/unclaimed dividends
If you have out-of-date dividend cheques or unclaimed dividends, please contact the Registrar.


Financial calendar
2026


     February 26                                  May 29                                         December 31


     Financial Year 2025 Results                  Annual General Meeting                         Financial Year End



Further updates to the calendar can be found at www.flutter.com




                                                                  Flutter Entertainment plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025      9
Share portal
Shareholders may access their accounts online at www.computershare.com/flutter

This facility allows registered shareholders to check their shareholdings and dividend payments, change address, change
dividend instructions, register email addresses and also download standard forms and documents to initiate other
changes in details held by the Registrar.

Beneficial shareholders holding shares through a broker should contact their broker for account assistance.


Shareholder security
Please be aware that organisations, typically from overseas, sometimes make unsolicited contact with shareholders
offering to buy their shares or to sell shares on their behalf at prices which can be significantly higher than the market price
of the shares.

If you are in receipt of an unsolicited call from someone offering to buy your shares, you should remain vigilant; take a note of
the name of the person and organisation that has contacted you; do not respond to high pressure tactics to provide bank
details or arrange to transfer money if you are unsure of the bona fide nature of the caller; check if the company or individual
is appropriately authorised to operate as an investment firm with your local regulatory authority (Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority for shareholders resident in the US, Central Bank of Ireland for shareholders resident in Ireland and the Financial
Conduct Authority for shareholders resident in the UK); and obtain independent advice from a qualified adviser or stockbroker.


Share dealing
If you wish to buy or sell shares in the Company, you can do this by using the services of a stockbroker or high street bank.
Please note the price of shares can go down as well as up, and you are not guaranteed to get back the amount you
originally invested.

If you are in any doubt, you should contact an independent financial adviser.




10       Flutter Entertainment plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Contacts and Other                            Stock Exchange                                   Shareholder Account
Information                                   The New York Stock Exchange—NYSE Ticker
                                                                                               Assistance
                                              Symbol—FLUT                                      Registered shareholder records are
Operational Headquarters                      The London Stock Exchange—LSE Ticker             maintained by our Transfer Agent:
Flutter Entertainment plc                     Symbol—FLTR
One Madison Avenue,                                                                            Computershare
New York, New York 10010                      Our brands
                                                                                               Computershare Trust Company, N.A.
(646) 930-0950                                More information on each of our brands           150 Royall Street, Suite 101
www.flutter.com                               is available at:                                 Canton, MA 02021

Registered office                             Paddy Power: www.paddypower.com
                                                                                               Tel:
                                              Betfair: www.betfair.com                         Ireland: 016968470
Belfield Office Park,
                                              Betnacional: betnacional.bet.br                  UK: 03707036320
Beech Hill Road, Clonskeagh,
                                                                                               US and Canada: 18888137420
Dublin 4, D04 V972, Ireland                   Sportsbet: www.sportsbet.com.au
                                                                                               Outside of the above territories: 16172312970
www.flutter.com                               FanDuel: www.fanduel.com
                                                                                               Email: web.queries@computershare.com
                                              Adjarabet: www.adjarabet.com
General
                                              Pokerstars: www.pokerstars.com
To contact the Investor Relations team        Sky Betting & Sky Gaming:
email: investor.relations@flutter.com         www.Skybet.com
To contact the Company Secretariat team       tombola: www.tombola.com
cosec@flutter.com
                                              Sisal: www.sisal.com
                                              Snai: www.snai.it
                                              Maxbet: www.maxbet.rs
                                              Junglee Games: jungleegames.com




Executive Officers                            Nancy Cruickshank1,4                             Committee Memberships:
                                              Independent Non-Executive Director and
Peter Jackson                                 Chair of Risk and Sustainability Committee       1.   Audit Committee
Group Chief Executive Officer and                          2,4                                 2.   Compensation and Human Resources
                                              Nancy Dubuc
Executive Director
                                              Independent Non-Executive Director                    Committee
Rob Coldrake
                                              Alfred F. Hurley, Jr.2,3                         3.   Nominating and Governance
Group Chief Financial Officer
                                              Independent Non-Executive Director and                Committee
Phil Bishop                                   Chair of the Compensation and Human              4.   Risk and Sustainability Committee
                                              Resources Committee
Chief Operating Officer
                                              Holly Keller Koeppel1,3,4
Amy Howe
                                              Independent Non-Executive Director and
Chief Executive Officer – United States
                                              Chair of the Audit Committee
Dan Taylor
                                              Carolan Lennon1,3
Chief Executive Officer - International
                                              Independent Non-Executive Director
Don Liu
                                              Christine McCarthy1,4
Chief Legal Officer
                                              Independent Non-Executive Director

Board of Directors and                        Stefan Bomhard2,3
Company Secretary                             independent Non-Executive Director

                                              Edward Traynor
John A. Bryant2,3
                                              Company Secretary
Board Chair, Chair of the Nominating
and Governance Committee

Peter Jackson
Executive Director, Chief Executive Officer

Robert (Dob) Bennett2,4
Independent Non-Executive Director




                                                                     Flutter Entertainment plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025           11
Company Number                                    Principal bankers
16956                                             Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c.
                                                  Banco Santander, S.A.
Brokers
                                                  Bank of America, N.A.
Goldman Sachs International
J & E Davy                                        Bank of Ireland
                                                  Barclays Bank Plc
Legal advisers
                                                  CIBC BANK USA
Arthur Cox LLP,
                                                  Citibank, N.A.
Earlsfort Centre, Ten Earlsfort Terrace,
Dublin 2, Ireland                                 Citizens Bank, N.A
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP,               Clydesdale Bank Plc
100 Bishopsgate, London EC2P 2SR, UK
                                                  Goldman Sachs
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, 425
Lexington Ave, New York, NY, 10017, USA           J.P. Morgan Chase
                                                  Keybank N.A.
Independent Registered
Accounting Firm / Auditors                        Lloyds Bank plc
                                                  Mediobanca
KPMG, 1 Stokes Place, St. Stephen’s Green,
Dublin 2, Ireland                                 Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
                                                  National Westminster Bank PLC
                                                  UniCredit Bank AG
                                                  Wells Fargo Bank




12         Flutter Entertainment plc Annual Report and Accounts 2025
Table of Contents



                              UNITED STATES
                  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                                                         Washington, D.C. 20549
                                                     ________________
                                                        FORM 10-K
                                                     ________________
x ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
  ACT OF 1934

                                            For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025

                                                                    or

o TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
  EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                                                 Commission File Number: 001-37403
                                                     ________________

                                   Flutter Entertainment plc
                                        (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
                                                     ________________
                             Ireland                                                               98-1782229
                   (State or other jurisdiction of                                               (I.R.S. Employer
                  incorporation or organization)                                              Identification Number)

                    One Madison Avenue,
                    New York, New York                                                               10010

              (Address of principal executive offices)                                             (Zip Code)


                                                             (646) 930-0950
                                            (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)

                                     Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                                                 Trading                                Name of Each Exchange
            Title of Each Class                                 Symbol(s)                                on which Registered
  Ordinary Shares, nominal value of                               FLUT                               New York Stock Exchange
          €0.09 per share

                                  Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None.
                                                     ________________
    Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
Yes x No o
Table of Contents


    Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes o
No x

      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No o

      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that registrant was required to submit such files). Yes x No o

      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a
smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,”
“smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer         x                                                                 Accelerated filer                  o
Non-accelerated filer           o                                                                 Smaller reporting company          o
Emerging growth company         o

      If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition
period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange
Act. o

       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the
effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b))
by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. x

       If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of
the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o

      Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of
incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant
to §240.10D-1(b). o

   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes
o No x

      As of June 30, 2025, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate
market value of the ordinary shares of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant was: $50.37 billion based upon the
closing price reported for such date on the New York Stock Exchange.

      As of February 16, 2026, the number of ordinary shares outstanding of Flutter Entertainment plc was 175,301,968.

                                     DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

 Portions of the Registrant’s Proxy Statement relating to the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference
                                         into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Table of Contents


                                            TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                                                             Page
PART I

Item 1.     Business                                                                                            1
Item 1A.    Risk Factors                                                                                       17
Item 1B.    Unresolved Staff Comments                                                                          45
Item 1C.    Cybersecurity                                                                                      45
Item 2.     Properties                                                                                         47
Item 3.     Legal Proceedings                                                                                  47
Item 4.     Mine Safety Disclosures                                                                            47

PART II

Item 5.     Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of
            Equity Securities                                                                                  48
Item 6.     [Reserved]                                                                                         51
Item 7.     Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations              51
Item 7A.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk                                          78
Item 8.     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                                                        79
Item 9.     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure              139
Item 9A.    Controls and Procedures                                                                           139
Item 9B.    Other Information                                                                                 141
Item 9C.    Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections                               141

PART III

Item 10.    Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance                                            142
Item 11.    Executive Compensation                                                                            142
Item 12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters    142
Item 13.    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.                        142
Item 14.    Principal Accountant Fees and Services                                                            142

PART IV

Item 15.    Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules                                                        143
Item 16.    Form 10-K Summary                                                                                 147




                                                         i
Table of Contents


                                                  EXPLANATORY NOTE

      Flutter Entertainment plc is a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Ireland.
       We have included in this Form 10-K the Group’s audited consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2025
and 2024 and for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. The Group’s audited consolidated financial
statements included herein have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States (“GAAP”). We end our fiscal year on December 31. The audited consolidated financial statements included herein,
which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, do not constitute statutory financial statements for the purposes of
the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (the “Irish Companies Act”). Our statutory financial statements for fiscal 2024 and
fiscal 2023, upon which our independent auditors have expressed an unqualified opinion, have been previously delivered to
the Registrar of Companies of Ireland (the “Registrar of Companies”) and, in the case of the 2025 financial statements,
which are not yet published, are expected to be delivered to the Registrar of Companies within 56 days of our annual return
date in fiscal 2026.
      Except as otherwise specified, dollar amounts presented within tables are stated in millions. Totals may not add due
to rounding.
                                                      CERTAIN TERMS

      Unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, the terms “Flutter,” the “Company,” the “Group,” “we,”
“us” and “our” each refer to Flutter Entertainment plc and its subsidiaries. References to fiscal 2025, fiscal 2024 and fiscal
2023 refer to the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

               CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

      This report contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. These statements reflect our current expectations as to future events based on certain assumptions and include
any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. These statements include, but are not limited to,
statements related to our expectations regarding the performance of our business, our financial results, our operations, our
liquidity and capital resources, the conditions in our industry and our growth strategy (including our plans and expectations
related to new product offerings). In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as “outlook,”
“believe(s),” “expect(s),” “potential,” “continue(s),” “may,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “seek(s),” “predict(s),”
“intend(s),” “trends,” “plan(s),” “estimate(s),” “anticipates,” “projection,” “goal,” “target,” “aspire,” “will likely result” and
other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative versions of such words. These forward-looking statements are
subject to risks and uncertainties that may change at any time. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could
cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. These factors include but are
not limited to those described in Part I, “Item 1A—Risk Factors”. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and
should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this report. Flutter undertakes no
obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
developments or otherwise, except as required by law.

                                                RISK FACTOR SUMMARY

       An investment in our ordinary shares involves risks. You should carefully consider the following information about
these risks, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report, before investing in our ordinary shares.
Some of the more significant challenges and risks relating to an investment in our Company are summarized below. The
following is only a summary of the principal risks that may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. The following should be read in conjunction with the more complete discussion of the
risk factors we face, which are set forth in Part I, “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in this Annual Report.
       •      Economic downturns and market conditions beyond our control could adversely affect our business, financial
              condition and results of operations.
       •      Our business is exposed to competitive pressures arising from competition in online betting and iGaming, as
              well as from prediction markets, illegal operators and new entrants into the markets in which we operate.
       •      We may fail to retain existing customers or add new customers, or customers could decrease their level of
              engagement with our offerings in general.
       •      Our growth prospects may suffer if we are unable to develop successful product offerings or if we fail to
              pursue additional product offerings or make the right investment decisions in our product offerings and
              technology.



                                                                ii
Table of Contents


      •     We may experience lower-than-expected profitability or suffer significant losses from a failure to determine
            accurately the odds in relation to any particular event, including as a result of errors in our odds-setting or bet
            acceptances processes and/or any failure of our sports risk management processes.
      •     Uncertainty as to the legality of online betting and/or iGaming or adverse public sentiment towards online
            betting and/or iGaming may deter third party suppliers from dealing with us.
      •     Our business depends on our ability to attract, retain, motivate and develop key personnel, and our failure to
            do so or to maintain adequate succession planning for key positions could materially adversely affect our
            business, financial condition and results of operations.
      •     We are highly dependent on the development and operation of our sophisticated and proprietary technology
            and advanced information systems, and any disruptions to such systems or failure to effectively adopt and
            implement new technologies and systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
            condition and results of operations.
      •     We use artificial intelligence (“AI”), machine learning and similar technologies in our business, which may
            present business, compliance, and reputational risks.
      •     Security breaches, unauthorized access to or disclosure of our data or customer data, cyber-attacks on our
            systems or other cyber incidents could compromise sensitive information related to our business (including
            personal data processed by us or on our behalf) and expose us to liability, which could harm our reputation
            and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
      •     We are subject to a number of risks related to credit card payments, including data security breaches, fraud
            and chargebacks, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and
            results of operations.
      •     The increasing application of, and any significant failure to comply with, applicable data protection, privacy
            and digital services laws may have a material adverse effect on us.
      •     An interruption, failure, cessation or material change of the terms for the provision of third party data and
            content services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
            operations.
      •     Adverse changes to the regulation of online betting, iGaming and adjacent industries, or their interpretation
            by regulators, could have a material adverse effect on our growth prospects, as well as our business, financial
            condition and results of operations.
      •     Legal uncertainty and inconsistent enforcement of online betting and iGaming laws could require us to restrict
            or cease operations in certain jurisdictions, or expose us to regulatory or legal action.
      •     The successful execution of our growth strategy, particularly with respect to our U.S. business, depends on
            our ability to expand our provision of online betting and iGaming services into new and existing jurisdictions
            and markets where the regulatory status of the provision of such services has been clarified or liberalized.
      •     Changes in taxation laws, regulations and interpretations could materially increase our tax liabilities, reduce
            customer demand for our products, and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
            operations.
      •     Uncertain and evolving interpretations of tax laws for online betting, iGaming and adjacent products may
            expose us to disproportionate liability.
      •     Social responsibility concerns and public opinion regarding responsible gambling and related matters could
            significantly influence the regulation of online betting and iGaming and impose new responsible gaming
            requirements, could result in investigations and litigation, and may adversely impact our reputation.
      •     We are exposed to foreign exchange rate risk with respect to the translation of foreign currency denominated
            balance sheet amounts and to the risk of interest rate fluctuations.
      •     We depend on the ongoing support of payment processors and international multi-currency transfer systems.
      •     We previously identified deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that constitute “material
            weaknesses” as defined in Regulation S-X. Although these material weaknesses have been remediated, if we
            identify material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal control
            over financial reporting to the standards required by U.S. securities laws, we may not be able to accurately
            report our financial condition or results of operations or prevent fraud.




                                                             iii
Table of Contents


      •     The amount and frequency of our share repurchases may fluctuate, and we cannot guarantee that we will
            purchase all of the shares under our share repurchase authorization, or that it will enhance long-term
            shareholder value.
      •     U.S. investors may have difficulty enforcing judgments against us, our directors and officers.




                                                           iv
Table of Contents


                                                         PART I

Item 1.       Business
Company Information
       The Company’s legal name is Flutter Entertainment plc. The Company was originally incorporated and registered in
Ireland as a private limited company on April 8, 1958, under the name Corcoran’s Management Limited with the
registration number 16956. The Company, which would later operate under the name Paddy Power plc, was then formed in
1988 through the merger of three independent bookmakers, including Corcoran’s Management Limited. The Company re-
registered as a public limited company on November 15, 2000, and, in December 2000, it listed on the Irish Stock
Exchange and the London Stock Exchange (“LSE”). The Company merged with Betfair Group plc on February 2, 2016,
and changed its name to Paddy Power Betfair plc. The Company then changed its name to Flutter Entertainment plc on
May 28, 2019. On January 29, 2024, the Company completed its registration process with the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission (“SEC”), and listed on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) for public trading. Since listing on
the NYSE, the Company has maintained its status on the LSE and delisted from the Irish Stock Exchange. On May 31,
2024, the Company moved its primary listing to the NYSE following the approval of shareholders at the Company’s
Annual General Meeting held on May 1, 2024.

      The Company’s global operational headquarters is One Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10010, United
States. The Company’s registered office is: Belfield Office Park, Beech Hill Road, Clonskeagh, Dublin 4, D04 V972,
Ireland. The Company’s website is www.flutter.com. The information on, or accessible from, our website is not part of, nor
incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report. We make available free of charge, on or through the “Investors” section
of our website, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and
amendments to those reports, if any, or other filings filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing or furnishing these reports with the SEC. The SEC
maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov that contains our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-
Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, if any, or other filings filed or furnished pursuant to
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.

      We use our website (www.flutter.com) and at times our corporate X account (@FlutterEnt) and LinkedIn (https://
www.linkedin.com/company/flutter-entertainment/) as well as other social media channels to distribute company
information. The information we post through these channels may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should
monitor these channels, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts.
The contents of our website and social media channels are not, however, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Business Overview
      Flutter is the world’s leading online sports betting and iGaming operator based on revenue. Our ambition is to change
our industry for the better and deliver long-term growth while also achieving a positive, sustainable future for all our
stakeholders. We are well-placed to do so through the global competitive advantages of the Flutter Edge, which provides
our brands with access to group-wide benefits to stay ahead of the competition, while maintaining a clear vision for
sustainability through our Positive Impact Plan.

      The Group consists of a diverse portfolio of leading recreational brands and products with a broad international
reach. We operate some of the world’s most distinctive online sports betting and iGaming brands which offer our principal
product categories of sportsbook, iGaming and other products (exchange betting, pari-mutuel wagering, daily fantasy
sports (“DFS”) and prediction markets in the U.S.).
      These products are offered by FanDuel (sportsbook, iGaming and other products), Sky Betting & Gaming
(sportsbook and iGaming products), Sportsbet (sportsbook products), PokerStars (iGaming products), Paddy Power
(sportsbook and iGaming products), Sisal1 (sportsbook and iGaming products), Snai (sportsbook, iGaming products and
other products), tombola (iGaming products), Betfair (sportsbook, iGaming and other products), TVG (other products),
Adjarabet (iGaming products), MaxBet (sportsbook and iGaming products) and Betnacional (sportsbook and iGaming
products).
      During fiscal 2025, we have completed the following acquisitions of:



1   Sisal’s iGaming products include retail and online lottery products. See “—Our Products—iGaming” below for
additional information.


                                                             1
Table of Contents


        •       a 5% redeemable non-controlling interest in FanDuel Group Parent LLC (“FanDuel”) held by Boyd
                Interactive Holdings L.L.C. (“Boyd”) for a consideration of $1,553 million. The acquisition brings the
                Group’s holding in FanDuel to 100% (subject to the Fox Option).
        •       a 56% interest in NSX Group (“NSX”), a leading Brazilian operator of the Betnacional brand for a total
                consideration of BRL 3,799 million ($674 million), with a redemption mechanism in the form of call and put
                options which allows us to acquire the remaining interest in year five and year ten following the completion
                date.
        •       100% of the outstanding shares of Pluto (Italia) S.p.A, the holding company that owns Snaitech S.p.A
                (“Snai”), one of Italy’s leading omni-channel operators in the sports betting and iGaming market, for
                consideration of approximately $2.6 billion (€2.3 billion).
      In December 2025, we launched FanDuel Predicts in partnership with CME Group (“CME”) in five states, beginning
a phased national rollout through early 2026 and providing eligible customers with a mobile and web platform to trade
prediction markets contracts.
       We are the industry leader by size with 15.9 million Average Monthly Players (“AMPs”) and $16,383 million of
revenue globally for fiscal 2025. AMPs refers to the average over the applicable reporting period of the total number of
players who have had a bet settled and/or contributed to the rake (i.e., the commission we take for operating or hosting a
game) or tournament fees during the month. This measure does not include individuals who have only used new player or
player retention incentives, and this measure is for online players only and excludes retail player activity. See Part II, “Item
7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Key Operational Metrics”
for additional information regarding how we calculate AMPs data, including a discussion regarding duplication of players
that exists in such data.

      We operate a divisional management and operating structure across our geographic markets. Each division has an
empowered management team responsible for maintaining the momentum and growth in its respective geographic markets.
Effective from the first quarter of fiscal 2025, the Company updated its internal reporting, including the information
provided to the chief operating decision maker to assess segment performance and allocate resources, and, as a result,
updated its reportable segments for fiscal 2025.
     The Company reports its consolidated financial statements based on two reportable segments:
            •       U.S.; and
            •       International (which includes what was formerly our UKI, International and Australia segments),
Segment results for fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 have been revised to reflect the change in reportable segments.

Our Products
      Our principal products include sportsbook, iGaming and other products, such as exchange betting, pari-mutuel
wagering, DFS and prediction markets products offerings in the U.S. For fiscal 2025, 53% of our revenue was derived from
sportsbook, 44% of our revenue was derived from iGaming, and 3% of our revenue was derived from other products, while
88% of our revenue at the Group level was generated from our online businesses. Our online operations are complemented
by 1,127 retail shops, mainly in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Italy and Serbia. In each market, we typically offer sports
betting, iGaming, or both, depending on the regulatory conditions of that market.

     For a discussion of the significant new products that we have introduced recently, and the status of publicly
announced new products, see “—Research and Development” below.

Sportsbook
      Our sportsbook offerings, such as FanDuel, Sportsbet or Sky Betting & Gaming, involve a customer placing a bet
(wager) on various types of sporting events at fixed odds determined by us. Bets are made in advance of the sporting event
that will determine the outcome of the wager. In the event the specified outcome occurs, the customer wins the bet and is
paid out based upon the odds assigned at the time of the bet. We generate revenue by setting odds in a manner that includes
a theoretical spread to be earned on each contest less winnings paid and expenses associated with promotional activity.

      In addition to this revenue, revenue from our real-money games (i.e., games in which real money is wagered on the
outcome of the game) includes revenue earned on the processing of real-money deposits and cash-out options (which gives
the customers the option to exit the game and to obtain an early return from their bet), in specific currencies, which is
sometimes referred to as conversion margins.



                                                               2
Table of Contents


iGaming
       We offer our customers peer-to-business (“P2B”) iGaming products, peer-to-peer (“P2P”) iGaming products and
lottery products.
       Our P2B iGaming products involve customers betting against the house. Our iGaming products allow customers to
bet on a range of games of chance such as online casino, bingo and machine gaming terminals. We provide a combination
of third party content and proprietary games, reflecting a shift to in-house developed products in order to differentiate
ourselves from our competitors. Our iGaming offerings typically include the full suite of games available in land-based
casinos, such as blackjack, roulette and slot machines. We generate revenue through the gross bets placed less payouts on
winning bets, which is also referred to as “hold.”
       Our P2P iGaming products include poker. As P2P operators, we are generally not exposed to the risks of game play
or the outcome of the game, as we typically take a rake or commission from the game play. For P2P games, player
liquidity, or the number or volume of players with an operator, is critical to the success of the game, with a greater number
of players supporting a wider range and greater volume of games and larger tournaments, increasing the quality of the
offering to the consumer. As a result, larger scale poker operations will benefit from superior player liquidity in their
systems, which, in turn, improves their offering to customers, creating a positive feedback loop.
      We also offer our customers lottery products through our Sisal brand under fixed term licenses known as lottery
concessions in various jurisdictions. For example, SuperEnalotto, Win for Life, VinciCasa, Eurojackpot, and SiVincTutto
operate in Italy, Sisal Sans operates in Türkiye and Sisal Loterie Maroc operates in Morocco. Our lottery products involve
customers purchasing a ticket where they have the potential to win a prize and where the winning outcome is drawn at
random. Sisal receives a commission in respect of the lottery services provided under the concession agreement.

Other
      We include within other product revenue our P2P sports betting and prediction markets products, which involve
customers playing/betting against each other and not against the house, where we make a commission on the bets or
contracts. Our P2P products include the Betfair betting exchanges, DFS and prediction markets offered by FanDuel and
horse racing wagering offered under the TVG brand. We also offer business-to-business pricing and risk management
services, where we earn revenues from providing these services to other businesses in our sector.

Our Business

United States
      Our U.S. segment offers sports betting, casino, DFS, horse racing wagering and prediction markets products to
players across various states in the United States, mainly online but with sports betting services also provided through a
small number of retail outlets, and certain online products in the province of Ontario in Canada.

       The U.S. segment is our fastest growing and our largest region, constituting $6,967 million (or 43%) of our revenue
for fiscal 2025. For fiscal 2025, we had an approximately 41% share of the online sports betting market in the states where
FanDuel sportsbook was live and an approximately 27% share of the iGaming market in states where FanDuel casino was
live based on the gross gaming revenue.

       The U.S. segment consists of the following brands: FanDuel and TVG. As of December 31, 2025, our FanDuel
online sportsbook was available in 25 states or territories, our FanDuel online casino was available in 5 states, our FanDuel
paid DFS offering was available in 43 states, our FanDuel or TVG online horse racing wagering product was available in
32 states, our FanDuel Predicts product was available in 5 states and our FanDuel free-to-play products were available in
all 50 states.

International

     Our International segment includes our operations in approximately 100 global markets and offers sports betting,
casino, poker and lottery. Our International segment constituted $9,416 million (or 57%) of our revenue for fiscal 2025.




                                                              3
Table of Contents


United Kingdom and Ireland
       In the United Kingdom and Ireland, we offer sports betting (sportsbook), iGaming products (games, casino, bingo
and poker) and other products (exchange betting) through our Sky Betting & Gaming, Paddy Power, Betfair and tombola
brands. Although our UKI brands mostly operate online, this region also includes our 506 Paddy Power betting shops in the
United Kingdom and Ireland as of December 31, 2025. Our UKI region constituted $3,547 million (or 22%) of our Group
total revenue for fiscal 2025.
Southern Europe and Africa
      In Italy, we offer our sports betting (sportsbook) and iGaming products (games, casino, poker and lottery) through
our Sisal, Snai and PokerStars brands. We also offer our sports betting and iGaming products in Morocco and Türkiye. Our
SEA region constituted $2,746 million (or 17%) of our Group total revenue for fiscal 2025.
Asia Pacific
       In Australia, we offer online sports betting products through our Sportsbet brand, which operates exclusively in
Australia and offers a wide range of betting products and experiences across local and global horse racing, sports,
entertainment and major events. In India, we offered iGaming products through our Junglee brand until August 22, 2025,
when we ceased offerings such products due to the ban on all forms of online real money gaming in India that went into
effect. Our APAC region constituted $1,428 million (or 9%) of our Group total revenue for fiscal 2025.
Central and Eastern Europe
     In Central and Eastern Europe (“CEE”), we offer online sports betting and iGaming products through our Adjarabet
and Maxbet brands. Maxbet retail shops also offer our products in this region. Our CEE region constituted $604 million (or
4%) of our Group total revenue for fiscal 2025.
Brazil
     In Brazil, we offer online sports betting, iGaming products and other products (exchange betting) through our Betfair
and Betnacional brands. Our Brazil region constituted $227 million (or 1%) of our Group total revenue for fiscal 2025.
Other
      Other regions comprise PokerStars’ non-Italian operations and Betfair's non-Brazilian business, where we offer
online poker and exchange betting products. Other regions constituted $864 million (or 5%) of our Group total revenue for
fiscal 2025.

      We plan to continue to diversify internationally and take our online offering into regulated markets with a gambling
culture and a competitive tax framework under which we have the ability to offer a broad betting and iGaming product
range.

Seasonality
       Our product offerings are subject to a largely predictable degree of seasonality, although the seasonality of each of
these products does differ, thereby reducing the effect on an aggregate basis. In particular, a majority of our current U.S.
sports betting and DFS revenue is and will continue to be generated from bets placed on, or contests relating to, the NFL,
the NBA, MLB and the NCAA, each of which has its own respective off-seasons, which may cause decreases in our future
revenues during such periods. The schedule of significant sporting events that do not occur annually, such as the FIFA
World Cup, the UEFA European Football Championship and/or marquee boxing matches, affect the volumes of bets
collected over the course of that period. Our sportsbook revenue is driven by a combination of the timing of sporting and
other events and the results of our operations are derived from those events. While our iGaming revenue also benefits from
activity around sporting events, it is less dependent on the sporting calendar. The overall effect of any individual sporting
event is small due to the number of sporting events that take place in any given year and the diversity of our revenue
source. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry—Variability in win rates, the timing of
jackpot payouts in our iGaming and the broadcasting and scheduling of major sporting events could materially adversely
affect our financial results.”




                                                              4
Table of Contents


Marketing
       Our ability to effectively acquire, engage and retain customers on our platform is critical to our operational and
financial success. We believe that the combination of our brands with our data science and marketing analytics capabilities
provide us with a strong competitive advantage in our industry. We utilize a variety of marketing channels, including paid
external advertising through traditional and digital media, compelling new player and event-driven promotions and paid
affiliate programs. We use proprietary models and software tools to track the efficacy of these marketing campaigns in
real-time, giving us the ability to constantly evaluate and optimize our marketing strategies as necessary. Over time, our
growth has also enabled our marketing efforts to benefit from economies of scale.
       We also rely on successful cross-promotion across our product offerings and consequently have developed ways to
minimize friction between our offerings. For example, our FanDuel Sportsbook app features an embedded iGaming
offering in states where iGaming is permissible so players can play a subset of casino games without leaving the
sportsbook app. Aside from traditional marketing channels, we also enter into select media, sports and entertainment
partnerships that support and accelerate our long-term strategic initiatives. Where possible, we will enter into exclusive
relationships to further align interests. We have also historically partnered with athletes and celebrities that share our values
in order to promote our brand. For example, in the United States, we have strategically partnered with some of the leading
news, sports and entertainment companies, including Amazon Prime Video, Paramount, Netflix, Fox Sports, and The
Ringer. Additionally, we have ongoing commercial relationships with Sky, which allow us to use the Sky (e.g., Sky Betting
and Gaming) brands and integrate with Sky’s commercial and advertising platforms pursuant to several contractual
agreements.
       Furthermore, in the United States, we are: (i) an official sports betting partner, official sportsbook, official one-day
fantasy partner, official one-day fantasy game, and official marketing partner and authorized gaming operator of the NBA;
(ii) an official sponsor/partner, official sportsbook sponsor/partner, official sports betting sponsor/partner and official free
to play sponsor/partner of the NFL; (iii) an official sports betting sponsor/partner of MLB; (iv) an official sports betting/
wagering partner, official daily fantasy game, official daily fantasy hockey game, official daily fantasy partner, official
fantasy partner and official partner of the NHL; (v) an official sportsbook, official daily fantasy partner, official marketing
partner, official partner and authorized gaming operator of the WNBA; (vi) an official betting operator of the PGA TOUR;
(vii) an official sports betting partner of TGL; (viii) an authorized gaming operator of NASCAR; (ix) an authorized gaming
operator of MLS; (x) an official sportsbook partner of the Professional Women’s Hockey League (PWHL); and (xi) an
official partner and official U.S. sports betting partner of the Professional Fighters League (PFL). We also have
partnerships with 27 professional teams across these and other leagues. The nature of these partnerships varies; however,
each of these relationships amplifies our brand and helps us acquire and retain customers more efficiently by, for example,
allowing us to open a retail sportsbook location in their arena, prominently displaying our brand on signs throughout their
arena, advertising our products across their television, digital media and radio outlets and giving us access to their customer
relationship databases for our marketing purposes.
       In fiscal 2025, we spent $3,678 million in sales and marketing globally to ensure that we have high levels of brand
visibility throughout the year.

Research and Development
       As a leading online betting and iGaming operator, our growth and competitive positioning is dependent on the
implementation and execution of our technology strategy. We have a distinctive proprietary technology platform that is
tailored to the needs of our business, which we have developed and refined through dedicated investments over more than
30 years. Our recent investments are focused on providing appealing product offerings to our customers, both in terms of
the quality of the offerings and the user experience, and also with respect to data security and integrity across our offerings.
In fiscal 2025, we invested $991 million in technology research and development. We dedicate nearly all of our research
and development investments to enhancing our products, including online sports betting, iGaming, and growth areas such
as our recently launched predictions market product, which seeks to provide broad market applications for product
offerings derived from our technology. We expect to continue investing significantly in research and development in an
effort to constantly improve customer experience, engagement and security. We believe that such investment in research
and development enables us to react more quickly to changing customer needs and is central to our competitive
positioning.
      As of fiscal 2025, our global workforce consisted of approximately 7,500 technologists who support the introduction
and development of new products, the creation of new betting markets, the improvement of the online customer experience
and the development of better processes and systems. These support the five in-house gaming studios and global pricing
and risk management functions which are continuously developing cutting-edge content for our customers. We believe that
continued research and development will contribute to our future growth and profitability and ensure our position as market
leader in the betting and iGaming industry.




                                                               5
Table of Contents


       During fiscal 2025, our global technology strategy enabled the following improvements and enhancements to our
products around the world: FanDuel advanced several initiatives aimed at increasing flexibility and optionality for
customers, including the development and testing of new wagering formats such as quick bets, drive same game parlay,
and futures same game parlay. We also invested in improving the precision, speed, and reliability of our probability and
pricing infrastructure. These efforts included enhancements to core probability algorithms, upgrades to trading tools, and
initiatives designed to reduce platform and pricing latency. Collectively, these improvements support our objective of
delivering high-confidence probability estimates while maintaining a low-friction customer experience during bet
placement. FanDuel incorporated coach-specific behavioral tendencies into its NFL modelling, implemented new
price-confidence metrics, and increased odds availability toward the end of games. In addition, we launched “FanDuel
Predicts” a new FanDuel branded app in December 2025 to offer prediction markets products. In Italy, Sisal completed its
migration of Poker & Bingo products to Flutter platforms and launched MyCombo, the only full same game parlay product
available in the Italian market. In the UK and Ireland, the successful migration of Sky Bet onto our shared Flutter UKI
platform has enabled delivery of new products and improvements for our Sky Bet customers. This included the launch of
our highly popular SuperSub offering and the new Squad Bet proposition, powered by our next-generation pricing
capability.

Intellectual Property
       We believe that copyright, trademarks, domain names, trade secrets, proprietary technology and other intellectual
property are critical for our long-term success. We seek to protect our investment in research and development by seeking
intellectual property protection as appropriate for our technologies and content, including our software code, proprietary
technology and know-how that we use to develop and run our sports and iGaming product offerings and related services.
Other than licensed rights, we own the key intellectual property rights for the software material used in our betting and
iGaming operations and the key intellectual property rights to our customer profiles and iGaming platforms, including
sportsbook and poker software.
      While much of the intellectual property we use is owned by us, we have obtained rights to use the intellectual
property of third parties through licenses and service agreements with those third parties. Although we believe these
licenses are sufficient for the operation of the Group, these licenses typically limit our use of the third parties’ intellectual
property to specific uses and for specific time periods.
       We rely on a combination of trade secret, copyright, trademark, patent and other intellectual property laws, as well as
contractual provisions, to protect our intellectual property rights in our sports and iGaming product offerings and other
proprietary technology. We actively seek patent protection covering certain inventions originating from us and, from time
to time, review opportunities to acquire patents to the extent we believe such patents may be useful or relevant to our
business. We also enter into confidentiality and intellectual property assignment agreements with our employees,
contractors and other third parties. We typically own the trademarks under which our sports and iGaming product offerings
and related services are marketed. In order to protect our brands and trademarks, we register our key trademarks in select
jurisdictions in which we operate. Our key trademarks and domain names include, among others:
        •     Group: “FLUTTER ENTERTAINMENT”;
        •     U.S. segment: “FanDuel,” “FanDuel Sportsbook,” “www.fanduel.com” and “www.tvg.com”;
        •     International segment: “FLUTTER INTERNATIONAL,” “PADDY POWER,” “PADDY POWER
              BETFAIR,” “SPORTSBET,” “POKERSTARS,” “BETFAIR,” “SISAL,” “SNAI,” “ADJARABET,”
              “MAXBET SLOT CLUB,” “BETNACIONAL,” “www.paddypower.com” “www.paddypower.ie,”
              “www.sportsbet.com.au, ” “www.pokerstars.com,” “www.betfair.com,” “www.sisal.it,” “www.snai.it,”
              “www.adjarabet.com,” “www.maxbet.rs” and “betnacional.bet.br.”
See “Item 1A. Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Information Technology Systems and Intellectual Property—If we are
unable to protect or enforce our rights in our proprietary technology, brands or other intellectual property, or if we are
found to infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, our competitive advantage, business, financial condition
and results of operations could be harmed.”
       Furthermore, we use collected customer data to provide customers with the services they have requested. Subject to
applicable data protection laws, we also use customer data to carry out identity and age verification checks on prospective
customers for marketing purposes, to invite customers to new tournaments or games or to join our loyalty offering, as well
as to send merchandise to customers.




                                                                 6
Table of Contents


Regulation
       We operate in a heavily regulated industry across multiple geographical jurisdictions. The area of legal and
regulatory compliance continues to evolve in all of our markets, including as a result of changing political and social
norms. As a result, the markets in which we operate are subject to uncertainties arising from differing approaches among
jurisdictions, including, in particular, the determination of where sports betting and iGaming (collectively “gaming”)
activities take place and which authorities have jurisdiction over such activities. Compliance with the laws and regulations
in place in each jurisdiction is a key risk area for us and is monitored and reported on by our audit committee to the Board.
       Our business is subject to extensive regulation under the laws, rules and regulations of the jurisdictions in which we
operate. These laws, rules and regulations generally concern the responsibility, financial stability, integrity and character of
the owners, managers and persons with material financial interests in the gaming operations along with the integrity and
security of the gaming offering. Violations of laws or regulations in one jurisdiction could result in disciplinary action in
that and other jurisdictions.
       Gaming laws are generally based upon declarations of public policy designed to protect gaming consumers and the
viability and integrity of the gaming industry. Gaming laws also may be designed to protect and maximize country, state
and local tax revenues, as well as to enhance economic development and tourism. To accomplish these public policy goals,
gaming laws establish stringent procedures to ensure that participants in the gaming industry meet certain standards of
character and responsibility. Among other things, gaming laws require gaming industry participants to:
        •     ensure that unsuitable individuals and organizations have no role in gaming operations;
        •     establish procedures designed to prevent cheating and fraudulent practices;
        •     establish and maintain anti-money laundering practices and procedures;
        •     establish and maintain responsible accounting practices and procedures;
        •     maintain effective controls over their financial practices, including establishing minimum procedures for
              internal fiscal affairs and the safeguarding of assets and revenues;
        •     maintain systems for reliable record keeping;
        •     file periodic reports with gaming regulators;
        •     establish programs to promote responsible gaming; and
        •     enforce minimum age requirements.
       We seek to ensure that we obtain gaming licenses necessary to offer our products and services in the jurisdictions in
which we operate and/or where we are otherwise required to do so. While we believe that we are in compliance in all
material respects with all applicable gaming laws, licenses and regulatory requirements, we cannot be certain that our
activities or the activities of our customers will not become the subject of any regulatory or law enforcement, investigation,
proceeding or other governmental action or that any such proceeding or action, as the case may be, would not have a
material adverse impact on us or our business, financial condition, prospects or results of operations.
      The methods and tools we use to permit or restrict access to our gaming product offerings within a territory are
typically mandated or approved by the applicable betting and gaming regulatory authority in each jurisdiction where a
Group subsidiary holds a betting and gaming license. In relevant jurisdictions, we may implement a combination of
technical controls, including: (i) IP address blocking, which is used to identify the apparent location of a player and restrict
access accordingly; (ii) country-specific restrictions based on the player’s declared or verified residence; and, where
required or appropriate, (iii) geolocation measures that limit access based on a player’s physical location, as determined
through multiple data points, such as mobile device information and Wi-Fi network data.
      We also work with regulatory and government bodies to ensure our products, including the software and
technological infrastructure underlying them, undergo comprehensive testing by such regulatory and government bodies, as
well as by independent, industry-leading testing, accreditation and certification organizations (including Gaming
Laboratories International and BMM International). The objective of this testing is to certify, among other things, security,
regulatory conformity and gaming integrity. We seek to meet or exceed best practices in operations and customer
protection with an emphasis on fair and responsible gaming.




                                                               7
Table of Contents


       Additionally, we support the regulation of gaming, including licensing and taxation regimes and pooled poker
liquidity, which we believe promotes sustainable gaming markets that are beneficial for consumers, governments and the
citizens of the regulating jurisdiction. We strive to work with applicable government authorities and trade associations to
develop regulations that we expect would protect consumers, encourage responsible betting and gaming, ensure reasonable
levels of taxation, promote regulated gameplay and keep crime and the proceeds of crime out of gaming. We also strive to
be among the first licensed operators to obtain betting and gaming licenses and provide gaming to customers in newly
regulated jurisdictions, in each case, to the extent it would be in the furtherance of our business goals and strategy and in
compliance with our policies and procedures.

Our Licenses
      We are licensed or approved to offer our betting and/or iGaming products (including under third-party betting and
gaming licenses) in various jurisdictions worldwide, including in the United States, Great Britain, the Republic of Ireland,
Australia, Italy and in several other countries. Our gaming licenses generally fall under two categories: (i) jurisdictions
where our relevant operating subsidiary has either obtained a local betting and gaming license directly from the local
gaming authority or where we offer our product offerings under a third-party betting and gaming license through a third-
party relationship on a business-to-business basis and (ii) jurisdictions where our real-money iGaming products are offered
pursuant to a “multi-jurisdictional” gaming license instead of a local license.
      Flutter operates in multiple jurisdictions with various licensing obligations and cultural nuances. We have taken a
principle-based approach to our responsible gambling strategy (“Play Well”), which we launched in March 2021. Similar
to our commercial strategy, each segment has ownership of their responsible gambling strategy (including policy and
process) that aligns with their regulatory obligations and our Play Well principles. The Board Risk and Sustainability
Committee holds specific meetings dedicated to responsible gambling at regular intervals throughout the year. We also
have a global Play Well working group who also meet regularly to share best practice and align on key strategic topics.

       Additionally, global gaming regulations generally require operators to maintain reserves that cover outstanding
liabilities. The specific liabilities and permissible forms of reserve vary from jurisdiction-to-jurisdiction state-to-state, but
generally require coverage of one or more of player account balances, outstanding open wagers, pending withdrawals, and/
or pending iGaming transactions (as applicable). Consistent with these regulatory requirements, the Company maintains
cash reserves in segregated bank accounts for each jurisdiction where it operates sports wagering and/or iGaming to
comply with the relevant regulatory obligations in respect of player liabilities. These cash reserves are reviewed each
business day, and adjusted to reflect updated liabilities.

United States
       In the United States, gambling is regulated at both state and federal levels and divided into two primary categories
that are relevant to us: online sports betting and iGaming. In 2018, the U.S. Supreme Court overturned key gambling
legislation, the Professional and Amateur Sports Protection Act (“PASPA”), which prohibited the expansion of sports
betting nationwide, following New Jersey’s appeal. A number of states have since moved to legalize and regulate gambling
and sports wagering at the state level. As of December 31, 2025, 31 states have legalized and regulated online sports
betting and 6 states have legalized and regulated iGaming.
       Under some states’ sports betting and iGaming laws, online sports betting and/or iGaming licenses are tethered to a
finite number of specifically defined businesses that are deemed eligible for a gaming license, such as land-based casinos,
tribes, professional sports franchises and arenas and horse racing tracks, each of which is entitled to a skin or multiple skins
under that state’s law. A “skin” permits that license holder to partner with an online operator like FanDuel to offer online
sports betting or iGaming services under that entity’s license. As such, the skin provides a market access opportunity for
mobile operators to operate in the jurisdiction pending licensure and other required approvals by the state’s regulator. The
entities that control those skins, and the numbers of skins available, are typically determined by a state’s sports betting or
iGaming law. We currently rely on skins tethered to land-based casinos, tribes, professional sports franchises and arenas
and horse racing tracks in order to access a number of markets through a skin. In other markets, we may obtain a license to
offer online sports betting and/or iGaming through a direct license offered by the state, which in some cases may be subject
to a competitive application process for a limited number of licenses. Our licenses in U.S. states are generally granted for a
predetermined period of time (typically ranging from one to four years) or require documents to be supplied on a regular
basis in order to maintain them.
      The market access partnership agreements that we enter into with each of our partners provide us with a skin that
allows us to offer our online sports betting and iGaming products in the state or province where such partner is licensed.
We make variable payments to the majority of our market access partners, typically based on a percentage of our revenue
generated in the market where we use such market access partner’s skins.




                                                                8
Table of Contents


       In addition to our gaming operations, we operate in adjacent regulated industries, including prediction markets in the
United States. These products are subject to CFTC oversight, National Futures Association (“NFA”) rules, and applicable
state regulation.

      Sportsbook and iGaming
       We operate FanDuel retail sportsbook locations in states that have authorized retail sports wagering in licensed brick-
and-mortar facilities and offer our FanDuel iGaming and sportsbook products in states which have authorized iGaming or
online sportsbook products, respectively. In both cases, we have obtained and maintain the requisite licenses. Our FanDuel
sportsbook currently operates in Arizona, Colorado (online only), Connecticut, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky
(online only), Louisiana, Maryland, Massachusetts (online only), Michigan, Mississippi (retail only), Missouri (online
only), New Jersey, New York, North Carolina (online only), Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee (online only), Vermont (online
only), Virginia (online only), Washington (retail only), Washington D.C., West Virginia and Wyoming (online only). We
operate FanDuel iGaming in Connecticut, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Puerto Rico, Michigan, West Virginia and Ontario in
Canada. Our PokerStars iGaming product currently operates in Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Ontario in
Canada. We comply with each state’s requirements for offering our products, including utilizing appropriate procedures
and technology to ensure that wagering on our PokerStars iGaming, FanDuel iGaming and FanDuel sportsbook products
will only be accessible to eligible persons physically present in a state in which we or one of our subsidiaries is licensed to
offer those products.

      On May 14, 2018, the U.S. Supreme Court issued an opinion determining that PASPA was unconstitutional. PASPA
prohibited U.S. states from “authorizing by law” any form of sports betting. In striking down PASPA, the U.S. Supreme
Court opened the potential for state-by-state authorization of sports betting. Sports betting in the United States is subject to
additional laws, rules and regulations at the state level. Generally, online gambling in the United States is only lawful when
specifically permitted under applicable state law. At the federal level, several laws provide federal law enforcement with
the authority to enforce and prosecute gambling operations conducted in violation of underlying state gambling laws. These
enforcement laws include the Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act of 2006 (the “UIGEA”), the Illegal Gambling
Business Act of 1970 (the “IGBA”) and the Travel Act of 1961 (the “TA”). No violation of the UIGEA, the IGBA or the
TA can be found absent a violation of an underlying state law or other federal law. In addition, the Wire Act provides that
anyone engaged in the business of betting or wagering who knowingly uses a wire communication facility for the
transmission in interstate or foreign commerce of bets or wagers or information assisting in the placing of bets or wagers
on any sporting event or contest, or for the transmission of a wire communication which entitles the recipient to receive
money or credit as a result of bets or wagers, or for information assisting in the placing of bets or wagers, will be fined or
imprisoned, or both. However, the Wire Act notes that it shall not be construed to prevent the transmission in interstate or
foreign commerce of information for use in news reporting of sporting events or contests, or for the transmission of
information assisting in the placing of bets or wagers on a sporting event or contest from a state or foreign country where
betting on that sporting event or contest is legal into a state or foreign country in which such betting is legal. The U.S.
Department of Justice has taken differing positions over time as to whether the Wire Act applies beyond sports betting. The
U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit ruled in January 2021 that it does not.

      Online Horse Racing Wagering
       We also operate TVG, which operates two nationally distributed television networks, FanDuel TV and FanDuel
Racing, the latter of which is devoted to the sport of horse racing. TVG also operates a state licensed and regulated pari-
mutuel advance deposit wagering service under both the TVG and FanDuel Racing brands that facilitates pari-mutuel
wagers on horse races from residents of 32 states. Advance deposit wagering (“ADW”) is conducted pursuant to the federal
Interstate Horseracing Act of 1978, as amended (the “IHA”), and applicable state laws. TVG and FanDuel Racing’s ADW
operation involves the facilitation and acceptance of wagers via the internet, and other electronic means from residents of
states where the same is lawful, on the outcome of horse races conducted at racetracks in states where the operation of live
racing and off-track pari-mutuel wagering on horse races is lawful. In the U.S., ADW is regulated at the state level by the
licensure of ADW operators such as TVG/FanDuel Racing by a designated state agency. These regulatory authorities
require ADW operators to submit to a licensing and suitability determination process which generally involves the
submission of an application and review by the agency of the ADW operator’s corporate and financial information before
permission is granted to operate. TVG/FanDuel Racing maintains the requisite licenses, consents, agreements and
approvals to operate its ADW services pursuant to the IHA and applicable state law.




                                                               9
Table of Contents


      Daily Fantasy Sports
       Our FanDuel DFS product offers paid-entry contests in 43 states and the District of Columbia (and free-to-play
contests in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia) based on the laws governing fantasy sports in those individual
jurisdictions. These laws fall into two categories: (i) jurisdictions that have enacted explicit laws that declare fantasy sports
contests lawful games of skill (and in many cases regulate the operation of fantasy sports businesses) and (ii) jurisdictions
in which the existing jurisdictional laws are interpreted in a manner to permit fantasy sports contests as lawful games of
skill. At present, 23 states fall into the first category described above, and in two states (West Virginia and Rhode Island),
the Attorney General’s office of each state has issued an opinion affirming the legality of paid-entry fantasy sports contests
in that state. In the remaining 19 states, we operate based on a legal opinion by outside counsel interpreting the underlying
law of the jurisdiction.
       Generally, state fantasy sports laws and regulations define paid fantasy sports, establish the rules concerning the
application and licensing procedures for gaming operators in the fantasy sports business and regulate practices for paid
fantasy sports deemed to be detrimental to the public interest. As part of the licensing process, we must submit, in some
jurisdictions, extensive materials on our operations, including our technology and data security, age verification of
customers, segregation of account funds and responsible gaming initiatives, and submit third-party audits evidencing our
compliance with these requirements.

      Prediction Markets
       We offer prediction markets contracts trading in the United States through our partnership with CME Group, which
operates FanDuel Prediction Markets LLC, a futures commission merchant (“FCM”). These contracts allow customers to
trade on the outcome of specified events and are regulated under the CEA by the CFTC. As a registered FCM and member
of the NFA, FanDuel Prediction Markets LLC is subject to regulatory requirements including capital requirements,
supervisory and compliance obligations, reporting, periodic examinations and audits.

International
      Great Britain
      Online betting and iGaming in Great Britain is regulated by the UK Gambling Act, pursuant to which the regulator,
which is the Gambling Commission of Great Britain (“UKGC”), issues licenses, license conditions and codes of practice.
According to the UK Gambling Act, a remote operating license is required for the provision of online betting and/or
iGaming if at least one piece of remote gambling equipment used in the provision of gambling facilities is placed within
Great Britain or if the gambling facilities provided are used or capable of being used there. In addition, the British
regulatory regime requires remote gambling operators to source their software from suppliers licensed by the UKGC. We
hold online and retail betting and online gaming operating licenses, as well as remote gambling supplier licenses, issued by
the UKGC and the services that we offer to our customers in Great Britain are offered pursuant to these licenses.
Individuals responsible for certain activities at licensed gambling operators (including management and direction of the
business, strategy and delivery of gambling operations, finance, marketing and commercial development, gambling-related
technology and security, compliance, and AML) must hold a personal management license from the UKGC.
       The UK government’s review of the UK Gambling Act, which was published in April 2023 and followed by a
number of consultations, has resulted in legislative changes and updated regulation from the UKGC. The changes to
legislation include: (1) the implementation of a statutory levy on licensed operator revenue for the research, prevention and
treatment of gambling harms, with effect from April 2025; and (2) the introduction of maximum staking limits for online
slot gaming products, also with effect from April 2025. The changes to regulation include: (1) modifications to the design
and offer of non-slots online gaming products with effect from January 17, 2025; (2) a requirement that financial
vulnerability checks be undertaken at £150 net deposits in a rolling 30-day period from February 28, 2025; (3) with effect
from May 1, 2025, a requirement that online gambling operators provide customers with options to opt-in to direct
marketing on a per product and per channel basis; (4) requirements with effect from October 31, 2025 to prompt customers
to set deposit limits and to review their decision whether to set such a limit as well as key financial account information;
and (5) restrictions on promotional incentives with effect from January 19, 2026.




                                                               10
Table of Contents


      Republic of Ireland
       The Irish general regulatory framework is partially regulated by way of the Betting Act, 1931 (the “Irish Betting
Act”). The Irish Betting Act was amended in 2015 to include regulation for online bookmaking, which is regulated by the
Irish Revenue Commissioners Office. Licenses for online bookmakers are required for operators servicing the Irish market
by providing sports betting services. The nominated officers of license applicants must undergo personal licensure and hold
a tax clearance certificate in addition to a certificate of personal fitness. With respect to online casino games, these are
provided based on an online betting and gaming license which is widely referred to as a “dot.com” or “point of supply”
license. These “dot.com” licenses differ in nature to “country” or “point of consumption” licenses, which are territory
specific. “Dot.com” licenses enable the supply of online betting and iGaming to other jurisdictions, in accordance with
those licenses’ regulations and under the governance of the relevant regulator and regulatory regime, based on the principle
of internet legislation that deems the provision of an online product as provided where the operator is established and
located. Ireland does not currently have a licensing regime for online casino, online lotteries or other iGaming undertaken
on a commercial basis, although the Gambling Regulation Act, 2024 (“Irish Gambling Act”) will provide for the issuing of
remote gaming licenses.
       In October 2024, the Irish government enacted the Irish Gambling Act, which introduces major reform and
consolidation of gambling laws in Ireland, including the creation of a Gambling Regulatory Authority of Ireland (“GRAI”),
which will have broad powers to publish further guidance and codes of conduct. The Irish Gambling Act seeks to (1)
modernize the licensing system; (2) introduce robust enforcement measures, including suspension and revocation of
licenses, financial penalties (up to the greater of 10% of the licensee’s annual turnover or €20,000,000) and imprisonment;
and (3) protect vulnerable persons, including children and those experiencing gambling addiction, through prohibiting
licensees from accepting credit cards for the purposes of gambling and the creation of National Gambling Exclusion
Register and Social Impact Fund. The legislation also introduces stake and win limits for remote gaming licenses issued
under the Irish Gambling Act, with €10 stake limits applying to all games and win limits of €3,000 per game (€5,000 per
week in the case of bingo). While the legislation has been enacted, it is yet to be formally commenced, and the new
licensing framework is not yet in existence. The new licensing framework is expected to be commenced on a phased basis,
with the issuing of licenses by the GRAI expected to take place in 2026. For more information regarding the Irish
Gambling Act and its potential impact on our business, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Regulation,
Licensing, Litigation and Taxation—Adverse changes to the regulation of online betting, iGaming and adjacent industries,
or their interpretation by regulators, could have a material adverse effect on our growth prospects, as well as our business,
financial condition and results of operations.”
      Italy
     In Italy, the state reserves authority over public gaming (Art. 1 of Legislative Decree no. 496 of 14 April 1948).
Accordingly, operators seeking to carry out gaming activities in Italy must first obtain a concession from the Italian
government. We are active in the Italian online and retail betting, lotteries and iGaming market through our brands Betfair,
PokerStars, tombola, Snai and Sisal, which, in each case, all hold concessions issued by the Italian Customs and
Monopolies Agency.
      In recent years, the regulatory framework in Italy has tightened with a ban on online advertising issued in 2018. In
August 2023, the Italian government approved the terms of a new decree to reorganize the entire gambling sector with the
primary objective of improving player protection, combating illegal gambling and increasing tax revenues through a new
licensing framework. Flutter obtained in September 2025 five licenses for all the brands we operate in Italy, which new
concessions became effective on November 13, 2025 and will remain valid for nine years. At present, the Company does
not expect a significant impact from these regulatory changes, given its reduced dependence on online advertising, its scale
advantage and its retail presence in Italy.
       At the same time, the regulatory authority is currently finalizing the legislative text on the reorganization of the retail
gaming sector, thus completing the reform of the Italian regulatory framework on gambling. The text will have to be
discussed with local authorities (regions) and then in parliament, and the process should be completed by July. This process
will include the launch of tenders for the renewal of concessions for slot machines, retail betting, bingo halls and instant
lotteries (scratch cards), involving, among others, the Sisal and Snai brands. These tenders could be launched at the end of
2026/beginning of 2027, with the new concessions expected to start in January 2028.
      Australia
      The Northern Territory Racing and Wagering Commission (“NTRWC”) is responsible for licensing, regulating and
supervising gambling activities authorized under the Racing and Wagering Act 2024 (NT) (“Racing and Wagering Act”),
including the conduct of a sports betting business. Holders of sports bookmaker licenses issued by the NTRWC are
permitted to provide sports betting services over the internet to customers throughout Australia.




                                                               11
Table of Contents


      The NTRWC conducts ongoing suitability and due diligence investigations in relation to its license holders, their
shareholders and key management personnel. NTRWC license holders are also required to comply with all relevant
Australian state and territory laws as well as applicable federal legislation, including the Anti-Money Laundering and
Counter Terrorism Financing Act 2006 (Cth).
      Our Australian region holds a renewable sports bookmaker license to conduct sports betting, as issued to Sportsbet
Pty Ltd by the NTRWC under the Racing and Wagering Act. This license was renewed in 2025 for 20 years. Other than as
described above, our real-money iGaming product offerings are not offered to persons physically located in Australia.
      Brazil
      The Brazilian Online Gambling Law (No. 13,756 of 2018, as amended by Law No. 14,790 of 2023) set the legal
foundation for sports betting and online gambling in Brazil. It requires that operators who provide online gambling services
(covering sports betting and casino games) in Brazil obtain an operating license from the Ministry of Finance Secretariat of
Betting and Prizes (Secretaria de Prêmios e Apostas, “SPA”). SPA subsequently issued Ordinance No. 827/2024
establishing the licensing process for the regulated market, which went live on January 1, 2025. In Brazil, our Betfair and
Betnacional brands are licensed by SPA, each with an individual 5-year renewable license valid until December 31, 2029,
enabling us to offer approved online sports betting and casino products in the entire Brazilian national territory. Poker is
not explicitly regulated in Brazil.
      Spain
      The Spanish Gambling Act, which came into effect on May 29, 2011, regulates the Spanish online gambling market
and requires that operators that provide gambling services (e.g., betting and iGaming) in Spain obtain an operating license
from the Directorate General for the Regulation of Gambling (Dirección General de Ordenación del Juego) (“DGOJ”). In
Spain, our PokerStars, Betfair and tombola brands are licensed by the DGOJ, enabling us to offer a number of betting and
iGaming products locally.
      India
      The Indian Government passed The Promotion and Regulation of Online Gaming Act in August 2025 (“the Act”),
essentially banning online money games in India while promoting and regulating e-sport and social games. In India, our
Junglee Games brand operated online money games such as Howzat, Junglee Rummy, Junglee Poker, PokerStars India and
Junglee Ludo which came within the ambit of the Act. Junglee Games discontinued all its online money games effective
August 22, 2025. Junglee Games is working to adapt operations to the changed regulatory landscape and continuing to
promote the benefits of fully regulated products.
      Georgia
      The Law of Georgia “On Organizing Lotteries, Games of Chance and Prize Games,” which came into effect on April
19, 2005, regulates the Georgian gambling market and requires that operators organizing online gambling in Georgia
obtain permits from the Revenue Service of Georgia (the “LEPL”). In Georgia, our Adjarabet brand is licensed by the
LEPL, enabling us to offer betting and iGaming products in Georgia.
      Armenia
      The laws of the Republic of Armenia “On Gambling, Online Gambling and Casinos” and “On Lotteries,” which
came into effect on January 24, 2004, regulate the Armenian gambling and betting market. These laws require that
operators organizing online gambling in Armenia obtain operating licenses from the Ministry of Economy. In Armenia, our
Adjarabet brand holds respective licenses that enable us to offer betting and iGaming products locally.
      Multi-jurisdictional Licenses
      Through certain of our subsidiaries, we hold gambling licenses in Malta and Gibraltar, which are often referred to as
“multi-jurisdictional” or “point-of-supply” licenses (as opposed to the local, territory-specific or “point-of-consumption”
licenses). These multi-jurisdictional licenses are used by our various subsidiaries to supply our online gambling products to
persons located in jurisdictions where we do not possess a local, territory-specific or point-of-consumption gambling
license.
      Where online gambling products hosted on Maltese and/or Gibraltar regulated servers are made available by us for
online usage by our customers in other jurisdictions (pursuant to the relevant multi-jurisdictional licenses), it is done based
on the principle of e-commerce and internet law that deems the provision of online products to take place where the
operator’s server and/or the operator itself is established and located. This principle is widely relied upon by online
gambling operators as well as by many other e-commerce businesses.




                                                              12
Table of Contents


       Accordingly, we rely on the fact that our supply of online gambling product offerings is lawfully licensed or
approved within the jurisdiction of origin (i.e., Malta or Gibraltar in this case) as the rationale for our lawful offer of
gambling product offerings to other jurisdictions where either: (i) such other jurisdictions have not established a regulatory
and licensing framework for online gambling; (ii) the availability to citizens of online gambling hosted outside their
jurisdictional boundaries is not clearly prohibited by the law of the jurisdiction; or (iii) the local laws of such other
jurisdiction lack extra-territorial effect, including where local law is contrary to any supra-national law from which we
benefit.
      Where, however, any jurisdiction has enacted local domestic laws that clearly prohibit the availability to citizens of
online betting and gaming products hosted abroad, and where it is clear that such local domestic law has extra-territorial
application to us, to the extent that the principle of extra-territoriality described above is clearly overridden, we will take
technical and administrative measures aimed at preventing persons from the relevant jurisdictions accessing our gambling
product offerings.
      Malta
      Online betting and iGaming are regulated in Malta under the Maltese Gaming Act 2018. Malta does not permit a
person to provide or carry out a betting and gaming service or provide a critical betting or gaming supply from Malta or to
any person in Malta, or through a Maltese legal entity, except when in possession of a valid license by the Maltese
Gambling Authority (“MGA”), which is the primary regulatory body responsible for the governance of all betting and
gaming activities in Malta. The Maltese regulatory framework provides for two types of licensing, a business-to-business
license and a business-to-consumer license. MGA approval is required for each game type to be offered under the license.
The term of these licenses is ten years in each case.
      In addition to renewable business-to-business licenses, we also hold renewable business-to-consumer licenses
covering sports betting, peer to peer betting exchanges, games of skill (including poker), casino and games.
       Under the Maltese Gaming Act, we are required to make monthly compliance contributions that are payable in Malta
and are calculated based on our revenue from online betting and iGaming offered through our Maltese gaming licenses.
With respect to online betting and iGaming offered under our Maltese gaming licenses to customers in certain other
jurisdictions, we also pay applicable gaming duty or VAT in those jurisdictions on some or all of the online betting and
iGaming offerings in those jurisdictions.
      As Malta is part of the European Union, it is subject to EU law, including the EU principle on the free movement of
services. Accordingly, Maltese gaming licenses entitle licensees to provide iGaming services from Malta or to any person
in Malta, or through a Maltese legal entity in compliance with an EU member states’ local regulatory regime.
      Betfair, Paddy Power, Pokerstars and Sky Bet all hold licences from the MGA.
      Other Licenses
      PokerStars currently operates on a locally regulated basis in each of Bulgaria, Belgium, Denmark, Estonia, France,
Germany, Greece, Italy, Michigan, New Jersey, Ontario, Pennsylvania, Portugal, Romania, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland
and the United Kingdom. Betfair currently operates on a locally regulated basis in each of Denmark, Italy, Malta, Romania,
Spain and the United Kingdom. MaxBet currently operates in Serbia and through its subsidiaries in Bosnia and
Herzegovina, Montenegro and North Macedonia. tombola operates on a locally regulated basis in each of Denmark,
Gibraltar, Italy, Spain and Sweden. PokerStars and Betfair also hold technical licenses to supply services in relation to
gaming services on a business-to-business basis in each of Romania and Malta. Additionally, PokerStars holds a technical
license in each of Belgium, Greece, Sweden and Denmark. Outside of Italy, Sisal also holds lottery concessions in
Morocco and Türkiye.
      Sky Gaming and tombola hold licenses from His Majesty's Government of Gibraltar and are regulated by the
Gibraltar Gambling Commissioner.
       In every instance where we hold a local license, we strive to utilize appropriate procedures and technology to
maintain compliance with the territory’s requirements for offering our products. We also engage on an ongoing basis with
local gaming regulators to provide standard regulatory reporting and to respond to ongoing ad hoc queries, as well as to
complete prescribed regulatory audit or assurance reviews to evidence compliance.




                                                               13
Table of Contents


Fox Option on Interest in FanDuel Group Parent LLC
      In connection with our acquisition of The Stars Group (“TSG”), we and FSG Services LLC (“Fox”) entered into a
legally binding term sheet (the “Fox Option Term Sheet”) that, among other things, granted Fox a call option (the “Fox
Option”) to acquire from us 18.6% of the then-outstanding investor units (the “Fastball Units”) in FanDuel Group Parent
LLC (“FanDuel Parent” and, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, “FanDuel”) that were the subject of a put and call
option between us and Fastball Holdings LLC (“Fastball”). As of December 31, 2025, the Fox Option price for the Fastball
Units was $4.8 billion. Such price is subject to a 5% annual compounding carrying value adjustment. Fox has until
December 2030 to exercise the Fox Option.

       Fastball had certain rights under FanDuel Parent’s Limited Liability Company Agreement (the “FanDuel LLC
Agreement”) and a July 2019 Investor Members Agreement among us, FanDuel Parent, Fastball and Boyd Interactive
Gaming, L.L.C. (the “Investor Members Agreement”), which provided certain terms for the governance and operations of
FanDuel Parent and the rights, obligations and duties of FanDuel Parent’s members. Although it has not been determined
what specific rights Fox may receive should Fox exercise (and pay for) the Fox Option and acquire the Fastball Units, the
terms of the Investor Members Agreement provided that, so long as Fastball continued to own at least 5% of the
outstanding investor units in FanDuel Parent (the “FanDuel LLC Units”), FanDuel could not, without the prior written
consent of Fastball: (i) acquire any person, business or line of business if such acquisitions, in the aggregate, require
FanDuel Parent to spend more than $75 million in cash; (ii) enter into or consummate one or a series of transactions where
FanDuel Parent transfers, exclusively sublicenses or exclusively licenses or otherwise disposes of any assets, to the extent
such assets have value, in the aggregate, in excess of $75 million (other than in the ordinary course of business); (iii) issue
or incur debt that results in FanDuel Parent having outstanding principal debt obligations in excess of the greater of $75
million and four times FanDuel Parent’s LTM EBITDA (as defined therein); (iv) declare, make or pay any distributions or
dividends on FanDuel LLC Units, other than distributions or dividends in an amount such that, following the
consummation thereof, FanDuel Parent would have distributed cash dividends on FanDuel LLC Units for any twelve
month period no greater than the lesser of (1) 50% of FanDuel Parent’s Free Cash Flows (as defined therein) for the prior
12 consecutive months ending on the last day of the month preceding the date of such distribution or dividend and (2) 50%
of FanDuel Parent’s projected Free Cash Flows (as defined in the Investor Members Agreement) for the 12 month period
beginning on the last day of the month preceding the date of such distribution or dividend; (v) adopt any amendment to
FanDuel Parent’s organizational documents or the FanDuel LLC Agreement; (vi) take or approve any action resulting in
FanDuel Parent’s liquidation or dissolution; (vii) authorize, issue or sell FanDuel LLC Units or any other equity interest of
FanDuel Parent or any other option, warrant, conversion or similar right with respect to any FanDuel LLC Units or such
other equity interest in FanDuel Parent (subject to certain exceptions); (viii) repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any
FanDuel LLC Units, any other equity interest of FanDuel Parent or any options, warrants, conversion or similar rights with
respect to any FanDuel LLC Units or such other equity interests of FanDuel Parent, except in accordance with the terms of
the FanDuel LLC Agreement; (ix) enter into any transaction that would result in a Public Offering (as defined in the
FanDuel LLC Agreement) or Sale Event (as defined in the FanDuel LLC Agreement), other than a Sale Event in which we
and our affiliates sell 100% of our collective equity interests in FanDuel Parent to a purchaser who agrees to be bound by
all our obligations under the Investor Members Agreement; (x) take any action which has the primary purpose of, or by its
express terms has the effect of, benefitting us and our affiliates and harming Fastball, whether or not in its capacity as a
holder of the FanDuel LLC Units; (xi) make any payment out of assets of FanDuel Parent or any of its subsidiaries in
respect of any VCP Redemption Debt (as defined in the FanDuel LLC Agreement); or (xii) commit to do any of the things
set forth in (i) through (xii) above. In addition, the terms of the Investor Members Agreement provided that so long as
Fastball continued to hold any equity interest in FanDuel Parent, FanDuel could not, without the prior written consent of
Fastball, cause or permit FanDuel Parent to own or hold any assets other than equity interests of FanDuel Group, Inc.,
cause or permit FanDuel Parent to own or hold less than 100% of the issued and outstanding equity of FanDuel Group,
Inc., cause or permit FanDuel Group, Inc. to make any distributions to FanDuel Parent that could give rise to taxable
income to Fastball in excess of its pro rata portion of the FanDuel LLC Units, or take any action or fail to take any actions
with respect to tax matters that could reasonably give rise to disproportionately adverse tax consequences to Fastball as
compared to us. Fox’s interpretation of its rights in relation to the Fox Option may differ from that of Flutter. See “Item
1A. Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry—In the event that Fox exercises the Fox Option, we would
be required to sell to Fox a significant minority stake in our FanDuel business. If at that point Fox’s consent is required for
certain actions we wish to take and we are unable to obtain it, we may not be able to pursue elements of our business
strategy.”




                                                              14
Table of Contents


Certain Other Regulatory Considerations
      We are also subject to numerous other domestic and foreign laws and regulations. These can take the form of
complex and evolving domestic and foreign laws and regulations regarding the internet, privacy, data protection,
competition, consumer protection and other matters. Many of these laws and regulations are subject to change and
uncertain interpretation and could result in claims, changes to our business practices, monetary penalties, increased
operating costs, or declines in customer growth or engagement, or otherwise harm our business.

Data Protection, Privacy and Digital Services
      Because we process personal information relating to customers, employees, suppliers and job applicants, we are
subject to privacy and data protection laws in the jurisdictions where we operate and where our customers are located.
These laws require that personal data be handled, collected, stored, transmitted, and processed in compliance with
applicable legal and regulatory conditions.
      Under the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (the “EU GDPR”) in Europe and other
international laws, organizations must adhere to key principles, including lawful, fair, and transparent processing; purpose
limitation; data minimization; accuracy; storage limitation; and security of personal data. Failure to comply with these
obligations can lead to significant regulatory sanctions, financial penalties, and, in some cases, criminal liability.
      Privacy laws are increasingly prevalent across the world, with countries implementing strict regulations to protect
personal data and safeguard individuals' rights in the digital age. Regarding our operations in Europe, particularly where
the personal information being processed relates to residents of EU member states, the European Union enacted the EU
GDPR on May 25, 2018, to replace European Union Directive 95/46/EC as well as the national implementing legislation in
each EU member state. The GDPR introduces two categories of administrative fines depending on the seriousness of the
breach that will range from: (a) up to €20 million or 4% of worldwide revenues of the preceding year (whichever is higher)
for serious infringements; or (b) up to €10 million or 2% of worldwide revenues of the preceding financial year for less
serious infringements. The United Kingdom UK GDPR came into effect on January 1, 2021, and, together with the
amended UK Data Protection Act 2018, retains EU GDPR like standards.
      Additional global jurisdictions have enacted similar legislation, regulatory requirements, and risk-based approaches
to protecting personal data. These include, but are not limited to: Italian Privacy Code (Codice in materia di protezione dei
dati personali) under the EU GDPR framework, “Data Protection Laws”, Brazil's Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais
(LGPD), Law on Protection of Personal Data (Armenia, 2015), Australian Privacy Act 1988, Law on Protection of
Personal Data (Bosnia and Herzegovina, 2025), and applicable provincial privacy laws, Law of Georgia on Personal Data
Protection (2023), India’s Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2023 (DPDPA), Law No. 09-08 on Data Protection
(Morocco), Law on Personal Data Protection (Montenegro, 2008, revised 2009, 2012, 2017, 2024), Law on Personal Data
Protection (North Macedonia, 2020, revised 2021), Law on Personal Data Protection (Serbia, 2018), Swiss Federal Act on
Data Protection (FADP, revised 2023), Law on the Protection of Personal Data No. 6698 (Türkiye), Canada's federal
Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) and the Ontario Freedom of Information and
Protection of Privacy Act (FIPPA).
      Other national or sectoral privacy and data protection laws and regulations are also applicable in those jurisdictions.
Non-compliance may result in significant financial penalties, operational restrictions, reputational damage, and license
revocations across our international operations.
       In the United States, since California passed the California Consumer Privacy Act in 2018, numerous additional U.S.
states have enacted comprehensive privacy legislation. The result is a complex and onerous patchwork of inconsistent legal
obligations, with nuances across states in terminology and definitions. These laws require substantial modifications to in-
scope companies’ data processing practices and policies, impose compliance-related costs and expenses to provide updated
notices, conduct privacy impact assessments, and fulfill privacy rights requests, and we may be required to negotiate or
renegotiate contractual obligations with third parties. Such laws will restrict processing activities, likely limiting our ability
to market to customers and/or increasing operational and compliance costs. In the absence of comprehensive federal
legislation, there is also an emerging multi-state patchwork of artificial intelligence regulation, which is likely to impose
compliance costs on our business and constrain our ability to fully leverage these technologies. In addition, the U.S.
Federal Trade Commission (the “FTC”) and many state attorneys general are interpreting federal and state consumer
protection laws to impose standards for the online collection, use, dissemination, and security of data. Finally, there has
been a significant increase in privacy litigation related to cookies, pixels, and other common analytics technologies.
Plaintiffs claim that personal data is collected and/or shared with third parties without the requisite user consent under laws
such as the California Invasion of Privacy Act or the federal Video Privacy Protection Act. Should plaintiffs succeed in the
courts, we could see material adverse effects on our business or financial condition as costs to defend and/or settle litigation
increase.




                                                               15
Table of Contents


       Privacy and digital governance laws are becoming increasingly stringent worldwide, reshaping how online services
operate and interact with users and which may have a material impact on whether and how we can operate our online
services in certain jurisdictions. In the European Union, a comprehensive framework of major digital laws imposes
significant compliance obligations beyond traditional data protection: (i) Digital Services Act (DSA) – Regulates online
platforms, illegal content, and algorithmic transparency; fines up to 6% of global annual turnover, (ii) Digital Markets Act
(DMA) – Targets gatekeeper platforms to ensure fair competition, (iii) Data Act – Establishes rules for data access and
sharing across sectors, (iv) Data Governance Act (DGA) – Enables secure data sharing under strict governance, (v) NIS2
Directive – Strengthens cybersecurity requirements for essential and important entities, (vi) ePrivacy Directive (EU and
UK) –Regulates electronic communications and tracking technologies. (vii) Artificial Intelligence Act (AI Act) –
Introduces a risk-based framework for AI systems; fines up to €35 million or 7% of global annual turnover. These laws
collectively address platform accountability, algorithmic transparency, data portability, cybersecurity, and AI governance,
requiring ongoing investment in compliance, governance, and technology. Similar initiatives are emerging globally. The
UK, US, Canada, Brazil, Australia, and several APAC jurisdictions are introducing or strengthening laws on data
protection, AI governance, and cybersecurity. All of these will have implications for how Flutter operates, including how
we use AI technology in our business.
       Any significant changes to applicable laws, regulations, interpretations of laws or regulations, or market practices,
regarding privacy, digital services, artificial intelligence and data protection, or regarding the manner in which we seek to
comply with applicable laws and regulations, could require us to make modifications to our products, services, policies,
procedures, notices, and business practices, including potentially material changes. Such changes could potentially have an
adverse impact on our business. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Information Technology Systems and
Intellectual Property—The increasing application of, and any significant failure to comply with, applicable data protection,
privacy and digital services laws may have a material adverse effect on us.” and “Item 1A. Risk Factors—Risks Relating to
Information Technology Systems and Intellectual Property—We use AI, machine learning and similar technologies in our
business, which may present business, compliance, and reputational risks.”

Compliance
      We have developed and implemented robust control frameworks designed to help ensure that we comply with legal
and regulatory requirements imposed on us in connection with our sports betting and iGaming activities. Our compliance
and risk programs focuses on, among other things, meeting licensing and regulatory requirements in the jurisdictions where
our services are offered.
       We are committed to preventing and mitigating the risk of financial crime including but not limited to, money
laundering, terrorist financing and fraud and ensuring that controls and practices are aligned to the regulatory requirements
in the jurisdictions where we operate. We believe that we have a robust and extensive set of policies and procedures
designed to identify and/or prevent such risk arising, including, without limitation our (i) anti-money laundering and
countering the financing of terrorism policy; (ii) gifts and hospitality policy; (iii) cyber security policy; (iv) third party
financial crime policy standard; (v) sanctions policy; (vi) anti-bribery and corruption policy; (vii) code of ethics; and (viii)
whistle-blower policy.
      We are committed to complying with applicable laws and regulations in the jurisdictions where we operate and
ensuring that our processes and controls are regularly optimized to meet the requirements of evolving regulatory regimes
although the effectiveness of all such measures cannot be guaranteed.

Human Capital Management
       At Flutter, we are committed to developing our culture as a commercial differentiator – one that attracts and retains
talent in order to create a world-class firm built for the long term. Our culture is defined by strong character, deep
capabilities, broad domain expertise and a steadfast emphasis on collaboration. These qualities ensure we are best placed to
provide unique services to our customers.
      The success of our human capital philosophy is evidenced by the number and quality of hires we have made and the
consistent positive feedback we receive through our employee surveys. Reinforcement of the culture we are building comes
through engagement with our employees, the reward principles we apply to compensation and promotion decisions and our
various talent development initiatives, which continue to evolve as we grow.




                                                               16
Table of Contents


      As of December 31, 2025, we had 28,518 employees across 27 countries. Our headcount includes both our head
office and retail colleagues. The United States comprises 11% of our total headcount,with the remaining 89% of our
employees outside the United States. Approximately 7,500 of our employees are part of our technology function, of which
approximately 3,500 are focused on software engineering. Employee turnover sits at 22% globally and the voluntary
turnover is 11%. Our relationship with the majority of our employees located in Italy, Brazil and Romania are subject to
collective bargaining agreements and a subset of employees in Australia are subject to modern awards, which set out
minimum terms and conditions of employment. As of fiscal 2025, 6,531 of our employees are subject to these agreements.
In general, the collective bargaining agreements and modern awards include terms that regulate remuneration, minimum
salary, salary complements, extra time, benefits, bonuses and partial disability.
       Our investment in people is principally in support of two of our strategic aims: leveraging the Flutter Edge through
talent and sustainability through our Positive Impact Plan. We aim to create a culture that supports inclusivity, where
people can be their authentic selves and feel like they belong. We are focused on building a home for the world’s best
talent that represent and reflect the communities where we live and work.

Talent
      We aim to create an environment where talented colleagues have the opportunity to learn, develop, grow and
progress within our business. Our focus is to provide visibility of our key talented colleagues, succession planning and
ongoing development. We do this through divisional talent reviews, succession planning focusing on our strategically most
important roles and development in support of the skills needed for the future.

Positive Impact Plan
      As the global leader in sports betting and gaming, we remain committed to setting the standard for sustainability in
our sector. Since launching our Positive Impact Plan in 2022, we have continued to build on its four pillar areas of focus —
customers, colleagues, community and environment. These are supported by strong foundations in ethics and compliance,
anti-corruption, anti-money laundering and data protection and governance.
       We regularly review our sustainability priorities through internal and external engagement. Our initial assessment in
2021 identified the key topics that informed the design of the Positive Impact Plan. In 2025, we reviewed each pillar of our
strategy, concluding that our focus and approach is still appropriate. We continue to focus on Responsible Gaming under
our Play Well pillar as our most central issue—supported by a focus on community, colleagues and environment, while
strengthening the systems, data, and governance needed to align with emerging global disclosure standards.
      In 2024, we reported that we had undergone a Double Materiality Assessment in preparation for the EU Corporate
Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD). Following the February 2025 EU Omnibus updates to CSRD guidance and
timelines, we have deferred our Double Materiality Assessment to 2026 to ensure our 2027 CSRD reporting fully reflects
the revised requirements.

Item 1A.        Risk Factors
      You should carefully consider the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this Annual Report,
including without limitation “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-looking Statements,” Part II, “Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial
statements and related notes in Part II, “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” The following risk
factors have been organized by category for ease of use; however, many of the risks may have impacts in more than one
category.

Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry

Economic downturns and market conditions beyond our control could adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations.
       Our financial performance is subject to global economic conditions, and particularly, their impact on levels of
spending by our customers, advertisers and partners. Unfavorable economic conditions, including recessions, economic
slowdowns, tariffs and trade disputes, high unemployment, rising prices or the perception by consumers of weak or
weakening economic conditions, may reduce levels of disposable income and participation in entertainment and leisure
activities, such as betting or iGaming. Our business may be particularly sensitive to such changes, and as a result, there can
be no assurance that demand for our product offerings will remain consistent.




                                                             17
Table of Contents


      A deterioration in global macroeconomic conditions could also adversely affect our business by increasing our
overall cost structure and constraining our ability to invest in growth initiatives. For example, recent inflationary pressures
have increased our labor costs and other operating expenses. Unfavorable economic conditions may also reduce the
availability of credit, increase cost of credit or adversely affect our liquidity. If, as a result of such conditions, we are
unable to secure financing when needed or on commercially acceptable terms, it may materially impair our ability to invest
in new products, enhance our platforms or pursue strategic opportunities.
      Adverse economic conditions that reduce customer participation or otherwise constrain liquidity may also materially
reduce the attractiveness and competitiveness of our liquidity-dependent products such as Betfair Exchange, FanDuel’s
DFS and prediction markets and PokerStars’ poker business, resulting in lower customer engagement and reduced
revenues.
       Additionally, the insolvency of any of our partners, advertisers or licensees could result in disrupted operations
including by delaying payments owed to us, interrupting the delivery of services, or requiring us to identify and contract
with replacement partners or require our exit from a particular market. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our business is exposed to competitive pressures arising from competition in online betting and iGaming, as well as
from prediction markets, illegal operators and new entrants into the markets in which we operate.
       We operate in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving global online betting and iGaming industry, and we expect
competitive pressures to continue to intensify. Our competitors include international and well-established local betting and
gaming operators as well as new entrants offering adjacent or alternative wagering products. Many of these competitors
operate at significant scale enabling them to attract customers to their offerings, have strong brand recognition, and may
spend more money and time on developing and testing products and services, undertake more extensive marketing
campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing or promotional policies or otherwise develop more commercially successful
products or services than ours. In addition, new competitors, whether licensed or not, may enter the gaming industry,
further increasing competitive pressure. Barriers to customers switching between operators are low, which increases the
risk that customers may choose competing offerings.
      We also face competition from companies with different and emerging business models, regulatory frameworks and
cost structures, including prediction markets or other derivatives-based products. In the United States, for example,
prediction markets contracts regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”) are being offered by a
growing number of providers. We do not currently offer sports contracts in U.S. states in which we offer our sportsbook
product. In those states, other providers may offer sports contracts while being subject to different regulatory requirements,
which could place us at a competitive disadvantage. In states where we do offer sports contracts, and for other prediction
markets contracts available more broadly, competitors may offer similar products more successfully due to differences in
business models, cost structures, regulatory approaches or reduced focus on account management and user safety.
      In certain jurisdictions, we also face competition from illegal operators that do not comply with applicable regulatory
and licensing requirements, allowing them to avoid compliance costs and restrictions, customer-focused safeguards and
payment of gaming taxes. The increasing scale and sophistication of such operations may intensify competition in affected
markets, increase regulatory scrutiny on the industry as a whole and put our customers at higher risk of harm.
       We are also subject to the risk of further consolidation in the betting and gaming industry, which might result in the
formation of a very large or successful competitor to whom we might lose market share. Other competitors may have
significantly greater financial, technical and other resources than us in certain jurisdictions or markets in which we operate,
and they may be able to secure greater liquidity than us. A loss of market share could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations.

We may fail to retain existing customers or add new customers, or customers could decrease their level of engagement
with our offerings in general.
       If people do not perceive our offerings to be enjoyable, reliable, relevant and trustworthy, we may be unable to
attract or retain customers or maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement. A number of other
online betting and iGaming companies that achieved early popularity have since seen their active customer bases or levels
of engagement decline.




                                                              18
Table of Contents


       Increasing customer engagement and retention is central to our strategy, but there is no guarantee that we will not
experience an erosion of our AMP base or engagement levels among customers in the future. Our customer engagement
patterns have changed over time, and customer engagement can be difficult to measure, particularly as we introduce new
and different product offerings. Any number of factors could negatively affect customer retention, growth and engagement,
including if:
       •     customers increasingly engage with our competitors’ products or services;
       •     we fail to introduce, or delay the introduction of, new products or services that users find engaging or that
             work with a variety of operating systems or networks, or if we introduce new or modified products or services
             that are not favorably received by customers;
       •     our promotional or incentive strategies prove ineffective, inefficient or misaligned with customer needs;
       •     customer sentiment about the quality of our products declines, or concerns related to privacy, safety, security
             or other factors increase;
       •     new industry standards are adopted or customers adopt new technologies where our products may be
             displaced in favor of other products or services which may face less regulation or are unavailable, or may
             otherwise be rendered obsolete and unmarketable;
       •     there are adverse changes in our products mandated by legislation, regulatory authorities or litigation;
       •     we do not obtain applicable regulatory or other approvals or renewals of such approvals to offer, directly or
             indirectly, our products in new or existing jurisdictions;
       •     customers have difficulty accessing our products, or technical or other problems, such as security breaches,
             prevent us from delivering our products in a rapid and reliable manner or otherwise affect the customer
             experience;
       •     initiatives designed to attract and retain customers are unsuccessful;
       •     we fail to price our product offerings competitively or provide adequate customer service;
       •     we or other companies in our industry are the subject of adverse media reports or other negative publicity; or
       •     we fail to effectively anticipate or respond to customers’ continuously changing needs, demands and
             preferences, as well as emerging technological trends, or where our competitors more effectively anticipate or
             respond to the same.
       If we are unable to maintain or increase our customer base or engagement, or effectively monetize our customer
base’s use of our offerings, our revenue may be adversely affected. Any decrease in customer retention, growth or
engagement, including player liquidity, could render our products less attractive to customers, which is likely to have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our AMP growth rate slows, we
become increasingly dependent on our ability to maintain or increase levels of customer engagement and monetization in
order to drive revenue growth. Furthermore, betting and gaming faces competition from other entertainment and leisure
activities and there can be no assurance that we will be able to increase or maintain our share of customers’ discretionary
spending against such other entertainment and leisure activities.

Our growth prospects may suffer if we are unable to develop successful product offerings or if we fail to pursue
additional product offerings or make the right investment decisions in our product offerings and technology.
        The industries in which we operate are subject to rapid and frequent changes in standards, technologies, products and
services, as well as in customer demands, expectations and regulations. We must continuously make decisions regarding
which product offerings and technology we should invest in to meet customer demand in compliance with evolving
industry standards and regulatory requirements, and must continually introduce and successfully market new and
innovative technologies, product offerings and enhancements to remain competitive. Our ability to engage, retain and
increase our customer base and to increase our revenue will depend heavily on our ability to successfully create new
product offerings, both independently and together with third parties. We may introduce significant changes to our existing
technology and product offerings or develop and introduce new and unproven products and services, with which we have
little or no prior development or operating experience or which are subject to new and evolving regulatory frameworks.
The process of developing new product offerings and systems is inherently complex and uncertain, and new product
offerings may not be well received by customers. If we are unable to develop technology and product offerings that address
customers’ needs or enhance and improve our existing technology and product offerings in a timely manner, it could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.




                                                             19
Table of Contents


       In addition, management may not properly ascertain or assess the risks of new initiatives, and subsequent events may
alter the risks that were evaluated at the time we decided to execute any new initiative. Developing and creating additional
product offerings, such as our prediction markets offering, can also divert management’s attention from other business
issues and opportunities. Even if our new product offerings attain market acceptance, those new product offerings have in
certain cases cannibalized, and in the future, could continue to cannibalize, the market share of our existing product
offerings or share of our customers’ discretionary spending in a manner that could negatively impact our results of
operations. Furthermore, such expansion of our business increases the complexity of our business and places an additional
burden on our management, operations, technical systems, regulatory compliance obligations and financial resources, and
we may not recover the often-substantial up-front costs of developing and marketing new product offerings, or the
opportunity cost of diverting management and financial resources away from other potential new product offerings. In the
event of continued growth of our operations and product offerings, or in the number of our third party relationships, we
may not have adequate resources, operationally, technologically or otherwise, to support such growth, and the quality of
our technology, product offerings or our relationships with third parties could suffer. In addition, failure to effectively
identify, pursue and execute new business initiatives, or to efficiently adapt our processes and infrastructure to meet the
needs of our innovations, including managing risks associated with new products subject to uncertain, evolving or
changing regulatory frameworks, such as our prediction markets offering, may adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations.
      Any new product offerings may also require our customers to utilize new skills, which could create a lag in adoption
of new product offerings and new customer additions related to any new product offerings. Further, we may develop new
product offerings that increase customer engagement and costs without increasing revenue. Additionally, new customer
demands, superior product offerings by competitors, new industry standards or changes in the regulatory environment
could render our existing product offerings unattractive, unmarketable or obsolete, and require us to make substantial
unanticipated changes to our technology or business model. Our failure to adapt to a rapidly changing market, new or
changing regulations or evolving customer demands could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We may experience lower-than-expected profitability or suffer significant losses from a failure to determine accurately
the odds in relation to any particular event, including as a result of errors in our odds-setting or bet acceptances
processes and/or any failure of our sports risk management processes.
      A significant proportion of our revenue is derived from fixed-odds betting products where winnings are paid on the
basis of the stake placed and the odds quoted. Odds are determined with the objective of providing an average return to the
bookmaker over a large number of events and are set through a combination of algorithmic and manual odds-making
processes. However, there can be significant variation in our results event-by-event and day-by-day.
      We have systems and controls that seek to reduce the risk of daily losses but there can be no assurance that these will
be effective in reducing our exposure. As a result, in the short term, there is less certainty of generating positive results, and
we may experience (and have from time to time experienced) significant losses with respect to individual events or betting
outcomes, particularly if large individual bets are placed on an event or betting outcome or series of events or betting
outcomes. In particular, odds compilers and risk managers are also capable of human error, and algorithms and data feeds
may fail or operate as designed but produce incorrect or unintended outcomes. In some cases, odds offered may constitute
obvious or “palpable” errors (such as inverted lines or odds that are materially different from the true odds of an outcome),
whether due to human error, system limitations or data issues. While it is generally commonplace in many jurisdictions for
operators to void bets associated with such errors, our ability to do so may be subject to regulatory approval and oversight
and has been subject to regulatory challenge in the past, particularly in the United States where regulatory approaches vary
by state. There can be no assurance that regulators will permit the voiding of such bets, or that approval will be granted in a
timely manner or at all, which has in the past and may in the future require us to honor bets at erroneous odds and incur
losses. In addition, we may be required to challenge adverse determinations through administrative or judicial proceedings,
which may not be successful and our decisions to void bets could themselves be challenged in court, where we may not
ultimately prevail. Any significant losses resulting from such errors could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations.

Uncertainty as to the legality of online betting and/or iGaming or adverse public sentiment towards online betting and/
or iGaming may deter third party suppliers from dealing with us.
       The willingness of third party suppliers to provide their services to us may be affected by their own assessment of the
legality of their provision of services to us, our business or the broader online betting and iGaming sector and by political
or other pressures. Adverse changes in laws, regulations or enforcement policies in any jurisdiction may make the
provision of key services to us unlawful or otherwise problematic in such jurisdictions.




                                                               20
Table of Contents


      In addition, certain third party service providers may be reluctant to provide us with services if they determine that an
association with us could result, directly or indirectly, in adverse consequences for their business due to concerns regarding
public, political, regulatory or market sentiment toward the betting and gaming industry. For example, there have been
cases of internet service providers blocking iGaming websites in certain of the European jurisdictions in which we operate
without a local, territory or point of consumption license because those jurisdictions do not have such a licensing
framework in place, and further instances could potentially reduce our market share of iGaming in such countries. To the
extent that third party suppliers are unwilling or unable to provide us with services, this may have a material adverse effect
on our licenses and impact our ability to generate revenue from offering our products and services to customers, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our business depends on our ability to attract, retain, motivate and develop key personnel, and our failure to do so or to
maintain adequate succession planning for key positions could materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations.
      Our business operations and strategic objectives are substantially dependent upon the continued service, expertise,
and leadership of our key personnel, including senior management, technical specialists, and other critical employees. The
loss of services of one or more of our key personnel, whether due to resignation, retirement, disability, death, or other
circumstances, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions and results of operations.
      Competition for qualified personnel for critical skill areas is intense, and we may not be able to successfully attract,
retain, or motivate key personnel. Equity-based awards comprise a key component of management compensation, and if
our ordinary share price declines or becomes volatile, it may be difficult to retain or motivate such individuals. Our
inability to recruit suitable replacements for key personnel in a timely manner, or the failure to develop adequate
succession plans for critical positions, could result in significant operational disruptions, loss of institutional knowledge,
impaired execution of our business strategy, and leadership gaps that could materially and adversely affect our competitive
position, business, financial conditions, and results of operations.
     Furthermore, the integration and training of new personnel require significant time and resources, and there can be no
assurance that new hires will perform as expected or contribute to our business objectives in the anticipated timeframe.
Any prolonged inability to fill key positions or effectively manage leadership transitions may impair our ability to execute
our business plan and achieve our strategic objectives, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

If we are unable to build, maintain and enhance our brands, or if events occur that damage our reputation and brands,
our ability to expand our customer base may be impaired and our business and financial results may be harmed.
       We believe that our brands have significant value and contribute to the success of our business. We also believe that
building, maintaining and enhancing our brands is critical to expanding our customer base and generating revenue. Our
ability to build, maintain and enhance our brands depends largely on our ability to continue to successfully provide
enjoyable, reliable, trustworthy and innovative products with helpful customer service, as well as our ability to successfully
maintain or advance our internal marketing and branding functions and to establish and develop new relationships and
build on existing relationships with ambassadors and service providers on which we rely to promote our product offerings.
We may introduce new product offerings, programs, terms of service or policies, including those related to loyalty
programs, pricing and security, any of which could have an impact on our brands. Similarly, any decisions we make
regarding regulatory compliance, intellectual property portfolio management, player privacy, payments and other issues,
and any media, legislative or regulatory scrutiny of Flutter, our current or former directors, employees, contractors or
vendors, or the online betting and iGaming industry in general, could negatively affect our brands. We operate a multiple-
brand strategy in a number of markets and jurisdictions. As a result, certain of our brands will compete with one another
and the performance of one brand may impact another in certain markets.
        Our brands may also be negatively affected by the actions of customers, employees, contractors or vendors that are
deemed to be hostile or inappropriate to other customers, including through the use of certain software to gain an advantage
over other customers, or by the use of our product offerings or of companies that provide similar products and services, for
illicit, objectionable or illegal ends. In addition, we cannot provide assurance that our current or former directors, officers,
employees, ambassadors or service providers will act in a manner that will promote the success of Flutter or its product
offerings. Maintaining and enhancing our brands may require us to make or incur substantial investments, costs or fees. If
we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brands or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, it could adversely
affect the size, engagement and loyalty of our customer base and result in decreased revenue, which could adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations.




                                                              21
Table of Contents


Our success may be impacted by restrictions on our ongoing ability to market to our customers in certain jurisdictions.
       Our acquisition and retention of AMPs in certain jurisdictions depends upon our ability to effectively market to our
existing and potential customers, including through affiliate marketing. There are limitations to and, in some cases,
prohibitions on the online and offline marketing channels that are available to us as a result of applicable laws and
regulations in several markets in which we operate, including Australia and Italy. Other jurisdictions, including, for
example, Brazil, Spain, Ireland and Belgium, are also taking actions to further restrict advertising in their markets,
including placing limitations on the timing of, and the use of ambassadors for, gambling promotion.
      Additional restrictions or the loss of marketing channels that are currently available to us, including the introduction
of new regulatory or marketing restrictions in jurisdictions where such restrictions did not previously apply or were less
onerous, may further restrict our ability to attract and maintain AMPs and may have a material adverse effect on our ability
to generate revenue in any jurisdiction implementing such restrictions.

We may encounter difficulties in integrating, separating and managing acquisitions, divestitures or other strategic
transactions or alliances, and, therefore, may not realize the anticipated benefits of such transactions.
       We have entered into a number of business combinations in recent years, including the acquisitions of (i) NSX Group
in May 2025, (ii) Snaitech S.p.A in April 2025, (iii) Maxbet in January 2024 and (iv) Sisal in August 2022. We regularly
evaluate acquisition and other strategic transaction opportunities, including partnerships (such as our recent partnership
with CME for the provision of prediction markets contracts), joint ventures, mergers, divestitures, investments or strategic
alliances, which opportunities may be material to our business. Any future transactions may pose regulatory, antitrust,
integration, tax and other risks, which may significantly affect the benefits or anticipated benefits of such transactions and
consequently our results of operations. Competition for strategic transactions in our industry has escalated during recent
years, and such competition may increase costs of such transactions or cause us to refrain from entering into certain such
transactions. Furthermore, any such transactions will require significant management time and resources and may require
the diversion of resources from other activities. There can be no assurance that we will identify or successfully complete
transactions with suitable candidates in the future, that we will consummate these transactions at rates similar to the past or
that completed transactions will be successful. Strategic transactions may involve operational or other changes, significant
cash expenditures, debt incurrence, assumed or retained liabilities, operating losses and expenses that could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Furthermore, we may not realize
the degree, or timing, of benefits we anticipate when we first enter into a transaction.
      We may be unable to manage recent or future acquisitions profitably or to integrate such acquisitions successfully
without incurring substantial costs, delays or other problems. The difficulties of combining the operations of acquired
businesses and other risks related to strategic transactions include, among others:
        •    integrating operations and systems;
        •    conforming standards, controls, procedures and accounting and other policies, business cultures and
             compensation structures;
        •    inheriting internal control deficiencies;
        •    assimilating employees;
        •    managing the expanded operations of a larger and more complex company;
        •    keeping existing customers and obtaining new customers;
        •    assuming liabilities and exposure to unforeseen or undisclosed liabilities and exposure to litigation or
             regulatory, tax or other sanctions, civil or criminal penalties or negative consequences such as license
             revocation or reputational damage;
        •    the insufficiency or unavailability of indemnifications received from sellers;
        •    exposure to new or unfamiliar geographies and/or regulatory regimes;
        •    evolving regulation; and
        •    in the case of joint ventures and other investments, partnerships or alliances, interests that diverge from those
             of our partners without the ability to direct the management and operations of the joint venture or investment
             in the manner we believe most appropriate to achieve the expected value.




                                                              22
Table of Contents


      Many of these factors will be outside our control and any one of them could result in increased costs, decreases in the
amount of expected revenues and diversion of management’s time and energy. In addition, any companies or businesses we
acquire or invest in may not achieve levels of profitability or revenue that justify the original investment made by us. The
occurrence of any such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations.

We may prioritize customer growth and engagement and customer experience over short-term financial results.
       We may in the future make product and investment decisions that may not prioritize our short-term financial results
if we believe that such decisions are consistent with our strategy and long-term goals to benefit the aggregate customer
experience, improve our financial performance and maximize shareholder value. For example, we have implemented
changes to, including certain reductions in, our loyalty programs to ensure that the distribution of rebates, rewards and
incentives is aligned with our goal of incentivizing customers for loyalty and behavior that is positive to the overall
customer experience and the particular product offering’s ecosystem, and we have introduced, and may in the future
introduce, other changes, such as adjustments to product pricing. We may also introduce changes to existing product
offerings, or introduce new product offerings, that direct customers away from existing product offerings where they have a
proven means of monetization, which may reduce engagement with our core product offerings. We also may take steps that
limit distribution of certain product offerings, such as on mobile devices, in the short term to attempt to ensure the
availability of such product offerings to our customers over the long term. These decisions may not produce the benefits
that we expect, in which case our customer growth and engagement, our relationships with third parties, and our business,
financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Variability in win rates, the timing of jackpot payouts in our iGaming and the broadcasting and scheduling of major
sporting events could materially adversely affect our financial results.
       The sports betting and iGaming industries are characterized by an element of chance. Accordingly, we employ
theoretical win rates to estimate what a certain type of sports bet or game, on average, will win or lose in the long run.
Although each game or sports bet generally performs within a defined statistical range of outcomes, actual outcomes may
vary for any given period. In addition to the element of chance, win rates may also be affected by factors that are beyond
our control, such as a customer’s experience and behavior, the mix of games played, the financial resources of customers,
the volume of bets placed and the amount of time spent engaging with our product offerings. As a result of the variability
in these factors, the actual win rates on our games and sports bets may differ from the theoretical win rates we have
estimated and could result in the winnings of our iGaming or sportsbook customers exceeding those anticipated. This
variability has the potential to adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

      In our iGaming product offerings, operator losses are limited per stake to a maximum payout. When looking at bets
across a period of time, however, these losses can potentially be significant. Our quarterly financial results may also
fluctuate based on whether we pay out any jackpots to our iGaming customers during the relevant fiscal quarter. As part of
our iGaming product offerings, we may offer progressive jackpot games. Each time a progressive jackpot game is played, a
portion of the amount wagered by the customer contributes to the jackpot for that specific game or group of games. Once a
jackpot is won, the progressive jackpot is reset with a predetermined base amount. While we maintain a provision for these
progressive jackpots in the event we choose to offer them, the cost of the progressive jackpot payout would be a cash
outflow for our business in the period in which it is won with a potentially significant adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. Winning is underpinned by a random mechanism, thus we cannot predict with
absolute certainty when a jackpot will be won.
       Our Sportsbet offerings are also affected by seasonal and major sporting events, which can result in short-term
volatility in betting win margins and user engagement, resulting in volatile revenues. The timing of such events, as well as
the cancellation, disruption to, or postponement of, the live broadcasting of sporting events, could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
       In addition, the entrance of alternative media licensing and broadcasting organizations into the sport broadcasting
industry (e.g., Netflix, Amazon, DAZN Group and YouTube), which may not attract the volume of viewers traditionally
attracted by television companies for major sporting events (in particular free-to-air broadcasters such as the BBC, NBC,
ABC, CBS and FOX), has the potential to negatively impact the number of customers who have access to live sporting
events, thereby impacting the number of customers accessing our betting services and products.




                                                             23
Table of Contents


Our operational efforts to expand our customer base in existing and new geographic markets, particularly with respect
to our U.S. business, including our efforts to cross-sell to existing customers, may not be successful.
       As a result of social, political and legal differences between jurisdictions, successful marketing in a new jurisdiction,
particularly in new U.S. states we hope to further expand into, will often involve local adaptations to our overall marketing
strategy. While we have been successful in entering new geographic markets to date, future entry into new geographic
markets may not be successful. Our marketing strategy in new geographic markets may not be well received, and we may
be unable to deal successfully with a new and different local operating environment. We may also be unable, for
technological or other reasons, to design and deliver the correct marketing strategy in our key markets to enable us to cross-
sell within and across our brands.
       In addition, as discussed in more detail in the risk factor entitled “—Risks Relating to Regulation, Licensing,
Litigation and Taxation—The successful execution of our growth strategy, particularly with respect to our U.S. business,
depends on our ability to expand our provision of online betting and iGaming services into new and existing jurisdictions
and markets where the regulatory status of the provision of such services has been clarified or liberalized.” below, our
ability to expand our customer base in new geographic markets may also be impacted by adverse regulatory developments
in those markets.

We are subject to risks related to our contractual and strategic relationships with third parties.
       We rely on relationships with sports leagues and teams, media partners, casinos, affiliates, high-profile talent, horse
racing tracks and other third parties in order to obtain certain licenses, to access certain markets, to promote our brands and
our product offerings and to attract customers to our product offerings. These strategic relationships, along with our
relationships with providers of online services, search engines, social media, directories and other websites and e-
commerce businesses, help drive consumers to our technology and products.
      For example, we have an ongoing commercial relationship with Sky, which allows us to use the Sky brand and to
integrate with Sky’s commercial and advertising platforms pursuant to contractual agreements. If customer perception of
the Sky brand were to deteriorate, or if Sky was to lose some or all of its material licensing arrangements with respect to
sports broadcasting, our ability to attract or retain customers through our Sky Betting and Gaming brand could be
negatively impacted, resulting in a consequent loss of revenue. Additionally, Sky may terminate the license if we do not
comply with the license terms or our contractual arrangements may terminate under certain conditions. Any expiration or
termination of our Sky brand license could have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue from the
businesses of Sky Betting and Gaming, as well as harm our reputation, brand and associated rights.
       Additionally, FanDuel has a strategic partnership with Boyd Gaming Corporation, one of the largest and most
experienced gaming companies in the United States. This partnership provides FanDuel with first skin access (i.e., access
to the online sports betting or iGaming market of a given state through the use of the first skin granted by a state to a land-
based gaming entity with an existing license) for online sports betting in Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and
Pennsylvania. Any failure to maintain and manage this relationship could negatively impact our results of operations.
      Furthermore, many of the parties with whom we have advertising arrangements provide advertising services to other
companies, including our competitors. While we believe there are other third parties that could drive customers to our
product offerings, adding or transitioning to them may disrupt our business and increase our costs. In the event that any of
our existing or future relationships fails to provide services to us in accordance with the terms of our arrangement, or at all,
and we are not able to find suitable alternatives, this could impact our ability to attract and consumers in a cost-effective
manner and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

In the event that Fox exercises the Fox Option, we would be required to sell to Fox a significant minority stake in our
FanDuel business. If at that point Fox’s consent is required for certain actions we wish to take and we are unable to
obtain it, we may not be able to pursue elements of our business strategy.
       In connection with our acquisition of TSG, we and Fox entered into the Fox Option Term Sheet that, among other
things, granted Fox the Fox Option to acquire from us the Fastball Units in FanDuel Parent that were the subject of a put
and call option between us and Fastball. In the event that Fox exercises the Fox Option, we could be required to sell a
significant minority stake in our FanDuel operations.




                                                               24
Table of Contents


       Fastball had certain rights under the FanDuel LLC Agreement and the Investor Members Agreement, which provided
certain terms for the governance and operations of FanDuel Parent and rights, obligations and duties of FanDuel Parent’s
members including the rights to require FanDuel to obtain Fastball’s written consent prior to taking certain actions, such as
amending FanDuel Parent’s organizational documents or the Investor Members Agreement, issuing or incurring debt in
excess of $75 million, acquiring, disposing or exclusively licensing businesses or assets to the extent that such assets have a
value (in the aggregate) of more than $75 million and declaring dividends or making distributions (subject to certain
exceptions), among others. Although it has not been determined what specific rights Fox may receive should Fox exercise
(and pay for) the Fox Option and acquire the Fastball Units, in the event that Fox exercises its option and becomes a
minority unitholder, if Fox’s consent is required for actions we wish to take and we are unable to obtain it, we may not be
able to pursue elements of our business strategy.
       Fox may also assert that it has additional rights under the Fox Option Term Sheet, although we may dispute such
assertions. For example, Fox has initiated arbitration proceedings in the past relating to the Fox Option Term Sheet
objecting to proposed actions by Flutter with respect to the FanDuel business and could do so again in the future. Any
assertion by Fox of additional rights under the Fox Option Term Sheet may result in additional disputes and interfere with
our pursuit of elements of our business strategy, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations.

Geopolitical events and political developments could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations.
       Our results of operations are influenced by geopolitical events. Instability and uncertainties arising from the global
geopolitical environment, including as a result of political developments, changes in government leadership or policy
priorities, military action, conflicts, terrorist attacks, and the potential for changes in global trade policies, including
sanctions and trade barriers, could impair our global operations and adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations.
      For example, the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict has led to, and could continue to lead to, significant market and
other disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices and supply of energy resources, instability in
financial markets, currency volatility, supply chain interruptions, political and social instability, changes in customer
preferences and discretionary spending and increases in cyberattacks and espionage. As a result of the conflict, we ceased
our operations in Russia and in Ukrainian territories subject to international sanctions. Geopolitical instability arising from
geopolitical events may also contribute to heightened uncertainty, regional instability and broader security risks, which
may in turn impact our ability to operate in such jurisdictions.
      In addition, changes in political leadership, public policy or societal attitudes may result in less favorable approaches
toward betting and iGaming, including legislative or policy changes that could restrict, suspend or reverse prior market
access. While supportive political or administrative approaches in certain markets, such as the liberalization of relevant
regulations and support for emerging products in the United States, have facilitated industry growth, such approaches may
not continue or, if expanded or altered, could result in a less predictable regulatory framework and increased compliance
uncertainty. See also “—The successful execution of our growth strategy, particularly with respect to our U.S. business,
depends on our ability to expand our provision of online betting and iGaming services into new and existing jurisdictions
and markets where the regulatory status of the provision of such services has been clarified or liberalized.”
      While we continue to actively monitor global geopolitical developments, there can be no way to predict their scope,
duration or ultimate impact. The extent and duration of any current or future geopolitical events and resulting market
disruptions could be significant and could potentially have a substantial impact on our business and the global economy for
an unknown period of time. Any of the above-mentioned factors could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations, and any such disruptions may also magnify the impact of other risks described
in this Annual Report.

Risks Relating to Information Technology Systems and Intellectual Property
We are highly dependent on the development and operation of our sophisticated and proprietary technology and
advanced information systems, and any disruptions to such systems or failure to effectively adopt and implement new
technologies and systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations.
       Our business relies on complex information technology (“IT”) systems (including systems provided or supported by
third parties) that are critical to the operation of our businesses, including the collection, aggregation and distribution of
data, trade and price information, the generation and provision of analytics, risk management services, provision of market
infrastructure (including platforms for the execution, clearing and settlement of bets, positions and trades), security systems
and payment systems.



                                                              25
Table of Contents


      Our ability to provide uninterrupted services is dependent on these systems. While we have certain incident and
disaster recovery plans, business contingency plans and back-up procedures in place designed to minimize, mitigate,
manage and recover from the risk of an interruption or failure of our critical IT systems, there is no guarantee that such
plans and procedures will be able to adequately anticipate or plan for all such risks and we cannot eliminate the risk of a
system failure, interruption or disruption occurring. Such failures may arise for a wide variety of reasons such as software
malfunctions, insufficient capacity, including network bandwidth in particular during peak activity times, as well as
hardware and software malfunctions or defects, or complications experienced in connection with the operation of such
systems, including system upgrades.
       We also rely on IT systems, cloud-based services and other networks that are provided, managed or hosted by third
parties, which have in the past and may in the future be subject to outages or other failures. The measures such third parties
put in place may be insufficient to prevent future issues, and resolving such issues may take longer than if they were
managed or hosted by us alone. If our technology and/or IT systems, or those of a third party on which we rely, suffer from
major or repeated failures, this could interrupt or disrupt our trading, clearing, settlement, index, analytics, data information
or risk management services and undermine confidence in our platforms and services, cause reputational damage and
impact operating results.
      There can be no assurance that our current systems will be able to support any new or emerging technologies,
industry standards or enhanced products or services, or be able to accommodate a significant increase in online traffic,
increased customer numbers, or modified usage patterns arising as a result of any such technologies, standards or products
or services. If our systems are unable to expand to meet increased demand, are disrupted or otherwise fail to perform, or the
adoption of new technologies requires greater investment than anticipated, this could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations, and could increase our operating expenses.

We use AI, machine learning and similar technologies in our business, which may present business, compliance, and
reputational risks.
      Recent technological advances in artificial intelligence and machine-learning technology both present opportunities
and pose risks to us. We use machine learning, AI technologies, data science and similar technologies in our products,
services and infrastructure, and we are making investments in expanding our AI capabilities, including ongoing
deployment and improvement of existing machine learning and AI technologies, as well as developing new product
features using AI. If we fail to keep pace with rapidly evolving technological developments in AI, our competitive position
and business results may suffer. Our competitors or other third parties may incorporate AI in a similar or different manner
and may do so more quickly or more successfully than us, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and
adversely affect our results of operations.
       Additionally, the introduction of these technologies into new or existing offerings may result in new or expanded
risks and liabilities, including due to enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, intellectual property claims, litigation,
compliance issues, ethical concerns, confidentiality or security risks, negative user perceptions, as well as other factors that
could adversely affect our business, reputation, and financial results. The use of AI technologies may lead to unintended
consequences, including creating content and data that appears correct but is factually inaccurate, biased or otherwise
flawed, unlawful, harmful or policy-violating. Such content may expose us to brand or reputational harm and/or legal
liability. Additionally, the content, analysis, materials, software, recommendations and other outputs produced by AI may
be subject to limited or no intellectual property or other proprietary protection. We may lose intellectual property and other
proprietary rights in any data, content, confidential information, trade secrets, or other materials that we provide as inputs
to AI technology. If we are unable to assert proprietary rights in such outputs or inputs against use by third parties, we may
experience competitive harm, and our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Furthermore,
the use of AI may result in violations of applicable data security or data privacy laws, or in cybersecurity incidents that
implicate the personal data of end customers, employees or other third parties. Any such violation or cybersecurity
incidents related to our use of AI could result in legal liability or otherwise adversely affect our reputation and results of
operations.
       Additionally, the legal and regulatory landscape for AI is rapidly evolving, and may in many instances be uncertain
and may vary (or conflict) across jurisdictions. For example, the EU AI Act imposes obligations for high-risk AI systems,
with fines for non-compliance up to €35 million or 7% of global annual turnover. In the United States, various federal
agencies including the FTC are developing AI governance frameworks, and several states are considering AI-specific
legislation. AI systems may exhibit bias, produce discriminatory outcomes, consumer protection, or responsible gaming
principles. Training data used in AI models may inadvertently contain biased, inaccurate, or protected information,
potentially leading to regulatory violations or reputational harm. The rapid evolution of AI, including with respect to
compliance with existing and potential government regulation of such technology, may require significant resources,
including to develop, test and maintain platforms, offerings, services, and features to help us implement AI in accordance
with varying laws across jurisdictions, and to minimize other adverse effects on our results of operations.



                                                               26
Table of Contents


Security breaches, unauthorized access to or disclosure of our data or customer data, cyber-attacks on our systems or
other cyber incidents could compromise sensitive information related to our business (including personal data processed
by us or on our behalf) and expose us to liability, which could harm our reputation and materially and adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations.
       The secure collection, maintenance, processing and transmission of confidential and sensitive information, including
personal data, is a critical element of our operations. We rely on encryption and authentication technology licensed from
third parties in an effort to securely transmit certain confidential and sensitive information, including credit card numbers.
Our IT and other systems, and those of our third party service providers, that collect, maintain, process and transmit
customer, employee, service provider and business partner information face an ever-increasing number of threats from a
broad range of threat actors, including foreign governments, criminals, competitors, computer hackers, cyber terrorists and
politically motivated groups or individuals, and we have previously experienced various attempts to access our IT systems.
These threats include physical or electronic break-ins, security breaches from inadvertent, unintentional or intentional
actions or inactions by our employees, contractors, consultants and/or other third parties with otherwise authorized access
to our systems, website or facilities, or from cyber-attacks by malicious third parties, including distributed denial-of-service
(“DDoS”) attacks, “Trojan horse” attacks, phishing attacks, social engineering, security breaches, general hacking or other
attacks, which could breach our data security and disrupt our IT systems. Breaches of our security measures or those of our
third party service providers or other cybersecurity incidents could result in: unauthorized access to our websites, networks
or systems; unauthorized access to and misappropriation of customer information, including customers’ personal data or
other confidential or proprietary information of Flutter, employees, customers or other third parties; unauthorized
dissemination of proprietary or confidential information, including personal data, viruses, worms, ransomware, spyware or
other malware attacking, or being spread through our websites, networks or systems; deletion or modification of content or
the display of unauthorized content on our websites; interruption, disruption or malfunction of operations; costs relating to
breach remediation, deployment of additional personnel and protection technologies, response to governmental
investigations; media inquiries and coverage; engagement of third party experts and consultants; litigation, regulatory
action; and other potential liabilities.
          Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect our data and customer data, to
prevent data loss, to disable undesirable accounts and activities on our platform, and to prevent or detect security breaches,
we cannot assure you that such measures will be successful, that we will be able to anticipate or detect all cyber-attacks or
other breaches, that we will be able to react to cyber-attacks or other breaches in a timely manner, or that our remediation
efforts will be successful. In the past, we and our third party vendors have experienced social engineering, phishing,
malware and similar attacks and threats of DDoS attacks and such attacks could in the future have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If any of these breaches of security should occur and be
material, our reputation and brand could be damaged, our business may suffer, we could be required to expend significant
capital and other resources to remediate problems caused by such breaches and we could be exposed to a risk of loss,
litigation or regulatory action and other liability. Actual or anticipated attacks may cause us to incur increasing costs,
including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees and engage third party experts
and consultants.
      For example, in 2023, we received notice that certain of our customer and employee data was involved in the global
incident involving the MOVEit file transfer software. In addition, in June 2025, the Paddy Power and Betfair businesses
suffered a data incident, when an unauthorized third party gained access to the personal information of some of our
customers. Based on our internal investigations and information currently known at this time, we do not expect either the
MOVEit incident or the June 2025 Paddy Power and Betfair incident to have a material impact on our operations or
financial results. However, we have incurred, and may continue to incur, expenses related to both incidents, and we have
become subject to claims in relation to both incidents.
      Moreover, these types of risks may increase over time as the complexity and number of technical systems and
applications we use also increases. Advances in computer capabilities, new technologies (including AI) or other
developments may result in the whole or partial failure of this technology to protect transaction data or other confidential
and sensitive information from being breached or compromised. As cybersecurity threats continue to evolve, we may be
required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to
investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities.




                                                              27
Table of Contents


       Any compromise or breach of our security measures, or those of our third party service providers, could violate
applicable privacy, data protection, data security, network and IT systems security and other laws and regulations. Further,
such laws and regulations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing practices, which
may require us to modify our practices and incur substantial compliance-related costs and expenses. We may also incur
significant reputational, legal and financial exposure, including legal claims, higher transaction fees and regulatory fines
and penalties as a result of any compromise or breach of our systems or data security, or the systems and data security of
our third party providers and any personal data stored or processed therein. While our insurance policies include liability
coverage for certain exposures arising from these matters, if we experience a significant security incident, we could be
subject to liability or other damages that exceed our insurance coverage and we cannot be certain that such insurance
policies will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny
coverage as to any future claim. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations.

We are subject to a number of risks related to credit card payments, including data security breaches, fraud and
chargebacks, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations.
      In certain jurisdictions in which we operate, we accept payment from our customers through credit card transactions,
certain online payment service providers and mobile payment platforms. The use of these payment methods involves risks
that may be outside of our direct control and could disrupt our payment processing capabilities.
       If we or a third party experiences a data security breach involving credit card information, affected cardholders will
often cancel their credit cards. If our customers are impacted by such a breach, whether experienced by us or a third party,
we may need to contact them to obtain new credit card information, including to process pending transactions. However,
we may be unable to reach all affected customers or obtain replacement information in a timely manner or at all. As a
result, certain transactions may not be completed, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Even if our customers are not directly impacted by a particular breach, they may lose
confidence in the ability of service providers to protect their personal data, which could reduce their willingness to use
credit cards online, lead them to adopt alternative payment methods that are less convenient for us, or otherwise increase
the cost or complexity of processing payments.
       If we or any of our third-party providers or payment processors fail to adequately prevent fraudulent or erroneous
credit card transactions, including as a result of misconduct, errors, or control failures, we may face litigation, fines,
governmental enforcement action, civil liability, diminished public perception of our security measures, significantly
higher credit card-related costs and substantial remediation costs or refusal by credit card processors to continue to process
payments on our behalf, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations.
      In addition, we may be exposed to customer chargebacks, including where customers seek to reverse transactions
notwithstanding receipt of services, and if such chargebacks are not effectively controlled, they could result in increased
costs and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The increasing application of, and any significant failure to comply with, applicable data protection, privacy and digital
services laws may have a material adverse effect on us.
      We process personal customer, supplier, employee and candidate data as part of our business. This requires us to
comply with strict, numerous, and rapidly evolving data protection and privacy laws in the United States, the European
Union, the United Kingdom, Australia, India, Brazil, Canada and many other jurisdictions regarding privacy and the
collection, receipt, storage, processing, handling, maintenance, transfer, disclosure and protection of such personal and
other data, which may require us to provide individuals with certain notices and rights with respect to such individuals’
personal data, maintain reasonable and appropriate data security standards and to provide timely notice to individuals and/
or regulators in the event that such personal data is compromised. The scope of such laws is subject to differing
interpretations and may be inconsistent between states or countries.




                                                              28
Table of Contents


       For example, the GDPR and national implementing legislation in European Economic Area (“EEA”) member states
impose a strict data protection compliance regime including obligations concerning the rights of data subjects, the transfer
of personal data out of the EEA, security breach notifications and safeguarding the security and confidentiality of personal
data. Fines of up to €20 million or 4% of the annual global revenues, whichever is greater, can be imposed for such
violations. Data protection supervisory authorities also have extensive powers under the GDPR, including the power to
impose a temporary or definitive ban on processing activity. The GDPR also includes a right to compensation for data
subjects who have suffered material or non-material damage as a result of an infringement of the GDPR and in certain
cases, civil litigation can be brought by non-profit privacy advocacy groups. In addition, an EU Directive provides the
ability for “class action”-type cases to brought by qualified entities in respect of certain GDPR infringements. Liability can
attach to us not only for our own non-compliance, but also due to the acts, errors or omissions of those who process
personal data in the course of providing services for us.
       Compliance with the GDPR and the UK GDPR, which retains the GDPR in UK national law, may require us to
modify our data processing practices and policies and incur compliance-related costs and expenses and these changes may
lead to other additional costs and increase our overall risk exposure.
       Regulatory guidance, case law and enforcement activity concerning data protection regulatory standards in the EEA
and in other jurisdictions are increasing, and further changes are likely to occur that may further enhance the data
protection rights of individuals and have a commensurate impact upon our ability to process personal data. For example,
there remains complexity and uncertainty regarding transfers of personal information from the EEA to the United States
and other jurisdictions, which could lead to additional costs, complaints, and/or regulatory investigations or fines, and/or if
we are otherwise unable to transfer personal data between and among countries and regions in which we operate, it could
affect the manner in which we provide our services or the geographical location or segregation of our relevant systems and
operations, and could adversely affect our financial results.
       In the United States, since California passed the California Consumer Privacy Act in 2018, numerous additional U.S.
states have enacted comprehensive privacy legislation. The result is a complex and onerous patchwork of inconsistent
legal obligations across states. These laws require substantial modifications to in-scope companies’ data processing
practices and policies, impose compliance-related costs and expenses to provide updated notices, conduct privacy impact
assessments, and fulfill privacy rights requests, and we may be required to negotiate or renegotiate contractual obligations
with third parties. Such laws will restrict processing activities, likely limiting our ability to market to customers and/or
increasing operational and compliance costs. In addition, the FTC and many state attorneys general are interpreting federal
and state consumer protection laws to impose standards for the online collection, use, dissemination, and security of data.
Furthermore, there has been a significant increase in privacy litigation related to cookies, pixels, and other common
analytics technologies. Plaintiffs claim that personal data is collected and/or shared with third parties without the requisite
user consent under laws such as the California Invasion of Privacy Act or the federal Video Privacy Protection Act. Should
plaintiffs succeed in the courts, we could see material adverse effects on our business or financial condition as costs to
defend and/or settle litigation increase.
      In addition to government regulation, we are also subject to various industry privacy standards, the terms of our own
privacy policies and privacy-related obligations to third parties.
      We cannot yet determine the impact future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business. In addition to
the variety of existing laws and regulations governing our use of personal data, there are a wide variety of other laws which
are currently being enacted or under development and which may have a material impact on whether, and how, we can
operate our online services in certain jurisdictions. For example, the Digital Services Act came into full effect in the
European Union in February 2024, resulting in changes to the regulation of online content that is deemed to be illegal or
harmful.
       Although we make reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable data protection and digital services laws and
regulations, our interpretations and such measures may have been or may prove to be insufficient or incorrect. If we fail to
adhere to applicable data protection, privacy and digital services laws, we may be subject to enforcement action,
investigations, fines, regulatory proceedings and/or civil litigation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, breaches of applicable data protection or digital
services laws could result in reputational damage to our brands, resulting in the loss of the goodwill of customers and the
potential to deter new and existing customers, or could result in our brands being subject to the revocation of existing
licenses and/or the refusal of new applications for licenses. Furthermore, we or our third party service providers could be
required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or modify our products and services to comply with
existing and future data privacy and digital services laws and regulations, which could be costly, time-consuming and have
an adverse effect on our or our third party service providers’ business, results of operations or financial condition.




                                                              29
Table of Contents


An interruption, failure, cessation or material change of the terms for the provision of third party data and content
services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
       We increasingly rely on licenses with third parties to access certain data used in our business. We also depend on
third party suppliers for data and content, including data received from sporting bodies and various data partners, that is
used in the supply of our products and services. This data is used, among other things, to support the offering, operation
and settlement of bets, contests and other product features.
       Certain of this data is provided exclusively by particular suppliers and may not be obtainable on comparable terms,
or at all. If these third parties were to discontinue providing products or services to us for any reason or fail to provide the
agreed type of service, we may experience significant disruptions, including interruptions or errors in our data feeds. Such
disruptions or errors may result in, among other things, incorrect settlement of bets or contests, reduced product quality,
negative customer experiences, reputational harm, increased costs, regulatory scrutiny or litigation.
       The general trend toward consolidation in the data and content industry may increase the risk that data and content
products or services may not be available to us in the future, or may only be available to us at increased cost. In addition, in
the future, our data and content suppliers could enter into exclusive contracts with our competitors. If any of our key data
or content providers terminates its relationship with us or refuses to renew its agreement on commercially reasonable terms,
we may be required to identify and integrate alternative providers, which may not be available within an acceptable
timeframe or on acceptable terms, or at all. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations.

If we are unable to protect or enforce our rights in our proprietary technology, brands or other intellectual property, or
if we are found to infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, our competitive advantage, business, financial
condition and results of operations could be harmed.
       We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, confidentiality agreements and other
contractual arrangements to protect our intellectual property. However, our patent or trademark applications may not be
approved, any patents or trademark registrations that may be issued to us may not sufficiently protect our intellectual
property, and any of our issued patents, trademark registrations or other intellectual property rights may be challenged,
misappropriated, infringed, or otherwise violated by third parties. Confidentiality and other protective agreements, even if
entered into, may fail to effectively prevent disclosure of our proprietary information, may be limited as to their term and
may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure or use of proprietary information. Any of
these scenarios may result in restrictions on our use of, or inability to enforce, our intellectual property, which may in turn
limit the conduct of our business. Other parties may independently develop similar or competing technology or design
around any patents that may be issued to us. We cannot be certain that the steps we have taken will prevent infringement,
misappropriation or other violations of our intellectual property rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not
protect our proprietary rights as fully as the protection provided in the United States. Effective trademark protection may
not be available or may not be sought in every country or in every class of goods and services in which we operate, and
contractual disputes may affect the use of marks governed by contract. Further, we may be required to enforce our
intellectual property or other proprietary rights through litigation or other proceedings, which, regardless of success, could
result in substantial costs and diversion of management’s attention and other resources. We also depend on the ability of
our third party suppliers to defend challenges to their intellectual property, and may be materially and adversely affected by
their failure to do so.
       At the same time, we cannot be certain that our products and our business do not, or will not, infringe the intellectual
property rights of third parties. Third parties may assert infringement claims against us, or our licensors, and such claims,
regardless of merit, could result in significant expense, damages, or injunctive or other equitable relief, or require us to
redesign, reengineer, license, or cease offering certain products or features. Regardless of whether any such proceedings are
resolved in our favor, such proceedings could cause us to incur significant expenses and could distract our personnel from
their normal responsibilities. We may be unable to obtain necessary licenses on commercially reasonable terms, or at all,
and alternative technologies may be costly, time-consuming to develop, or of lower quality. This would limit and delay our
ability to provide new or competing product offerings and increase our costs. If alternate technology cannot be obtained or
developed, we may not be able to offer certain functionality as part of our product offerings, which could materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.




                                                               30
Table of Contents


Our systems and controls to restrict access to our products may not be adequate.
       We rely on technological systems and controls to block customers in certain jurisdictions from accessing our
services. These systems and controls are intended to ensure that we do not accept money from customers located in those
jurisdictions where we do not offer our products and services, either as a result of licensing requirements or a lack of
adequate justification that offering betting and iGaming services to customers resident in such a jurisdiction would not
infringe the law of the jurisdiction in which the relevant customer is located.
      Where blocking obligations are currently imposed by governmental licensing requirements, there is a risk that the
relevant regulators could require us to block customers resident in specific additional jurisdictions in the future, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
      In addition, the technical systems and controls that we have adopted could fail or otherwise be found to be
inadequate, including as a result of future technological developments or customers in restricted jurisdictions seeking
workarounds to the relevant systems and controls. This may result in violations of applicable laws or regulations, which
could have cost, resource and reputational implications, as well as implications on our ability to retain, renew or expand our
portfolio of licenses.

Our business model depends upon the continued compatibility between our applications and the major mobile operating
systems and upon third party platforms for the distribution of our product offerings.
      Our business model depends upon the continued compatibility and interoperability between our applications and the
major mobile operating systems. Third parties with whom we do not have any formal relationships control the design of
mobile devices and operating systems. These parties frequently introduce new devices, and from time to time they may
introduce new operating systems or modify existing ones, either of which may require us to make significant changes to
our product offerings in order to ensure compatibility. Network carriers may also impact the ability to download
applications or access specified content on mobile devices, and there is no guarantee that popular mobile devices will start
or continue to support or feature our product offerings.
       In addition, we rely upon third party platforms for distribution of our product offerings. Our online product offerings
are delivered primarily as free applications through third party platforms and are also accessible via mobile and traditional
websites. The promotion, distribution and operation of our applications are subject to the distribution platforms’ respective
standard terms and policies for application developers, which are very broad and subject to frequent changes and
interpretation, and may not always permit our applications to be offered through their stores. We are dependent on the
interoperability of our platforms with popular mobile operating systems, technologies, networks and standards that we do
not control, and any technical or other issues in such systems, or any changes in applicable law or regulations, our
relationships with mobile manufacturers and carriers or in their terms of service or policies that degrade our product
offerings’ functionality, reduce or eliminate our ability to distribute our product offerings, give preferential treatment to
competitive products, limit our ability to deliver high-quality product offerings, or impose fees or other charges related to
delivering our product offerings, could materially and adversely affect our product usage and monetization on mobile
devices.
      Moreover, if any of the third party platforms used for distribution of our product offerings were to limit or disable
advertising on their platforms, either because of technological constraints or because the owner of these distribution
platforms wished to impair our ability to publish advertisements on them, our ability to grow and retain our customer-base
and generate revenue could be harmed. Also, technologies have been, and may continue to be, developed by companies,
such as Apple and Google, that, among other things, block or limit the display of our advertisements and some or all third
party cookies on mobile and desktop devices, limit cross-site and cross-device attribution, prevent measurement outside a
narrowly-defined attribution window and prevent advertisement re-targeting and optimization. These developments could
require us to make changes to how we collect information on, and track the actions of, our customers and impact our
marketing activities. These changes could materially impact the way we do business, and if we or our advertising partners
are unable to quickly and effectively adjust to new changes, there could be a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations.
      Furthermore, our products require high-bandwidth data capabilities to place time-sensitive bets. If the growth of
high-bandwidth capabilities, particularly for mobile devices, is slower than we expect, our customer growth, retention and
engagement may be seriously harmed. Additionally, to deliver high-quality content over mobile cellular networks, our
product offerings must work well with a range of mobile technologies, systems and networks, and comply with regulations
and standards, that we do not control. The adoption of any laws or regulations that adversely affect the growth, popularity
or use of the Internet, including laws governing Internet neutrality, could decrease the demand for our products and
increase our cost of doing business. Specifically, any laws that would allow mobile providers to impede access to content,
or otherwise discriminate against content providers like us, including by providing for faster or better access to our
competitors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.



                                                              31
Table of Contents


       Finally, we may not successfully cultivate relationships with key industry participants or develop product offerings
that operate effectively with these technologies, systems and networks, or that comply with regulations or standards. If it
becomes more difficult for our customers to access and use our platform on their mobile devices, if our customers choose
not to access or use our platform on their mobile devices, or if our customers choose to use mobile products that do not
offer access to our platform, then our customer growth, retention and engagement could be seriously harmed.

Our use of “open source” software could subject our proprietary software to general release, adversely affect our ability
to sell our products and services and subject us to possible litigation, claims or proceedings.
      We have used “open source” software in connection with the development and deployment of our software platform,
including in connection with our customer-facing applications and our back-end service components, and we expect to
continue to use open source software in the future. Open source software is licensed by its authors or other third parties
under open source licenses, which in some instances may subject us to certain unfavorable conditions, including
requirements that we offer our products that incorporate the open source software for no cost, that we make publicly
available all or part of the source code for any modifications or derivative works we create based upon, incorporating or
using the open source software, or that we license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of the particular
open source license.
      Companies that incorporate open source software into their products have, from time to time, faced claims
challenging the use of open source software and compliance with open source license terms. While we try to ensure that
open source licensed code is not used in a manner that would require us to disclose our proprietary source code or that
would otherwise breach the terms of an open source license agreement, we cannot guarantee that we will be successful, that
all open source software is reviewed prior to use in our platform, that our developers have not incorporated open source
software into our products that we are unaware of or that they will not do so in the future.
       If we are held to have breached or failed to fully comply with all the terms and conditions of an open source software
license, we could face infringement claims or other liability, or be required to seek costly licenses from third parties to
continue providing our product offerings on terms that are not economically feasible, if at all, to re-engineer all or a portion
of our platform, to discontinue or delay the provision of our product offerings if re-engineering could not be accomplished
on a timely basis or to make generally available, in source code form, our proprietary code.
      Further, use of certain open source software carries greater technical and legal risks than those associated with the
use of third party commercial software. For example, open source software is generally provided without any support or
warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement or the quality of the code, including the existence of
security vulnerabilities. To the extent that our platform depends upon the successful operation of open source software, any
undetected errors or defects in open source software that we use could prevent the deployment or impair the functionality
of our systems and injure our reputation. In addition, the public availability of such software may make it easier for others
to compromise our platform and IT systems. Any of the foregoing risks could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations.

Risks Relating to Regulation, Licensing, Litigation and Taxation

Adverse changes to the regulation of online betting, iGaming and adjacent industries, or their interpretation by
regulators, could have a material adverse effect on our growth prospects, as well as our business, financial condition
and results of operations.
      Our products are offered in more than 100 countries around the world, by virtue of which we are subject to diverse
and rapidly evolving laws relating to betting, iGaming and adjacent industries. Such laws apply both in jurisdictions in
which we conduct our business and in certain jurisdictions where our products are offered or available. These laws and
regulations vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and are subject to continual changes in scope, breadth and interpretation,
which may be affected by, among other things, political pressures, attitudes and climates, as well as personal biases.
Adverse legislative, regulatory and judicial actions, particularly in our key markets, may have a material impact on our
business, operations and financial results.




                                                              32
Table of Contents


       For example, in January 2019, legal counsel for the U.S. Department of Justice (“DOJ”) issued a legal opinion on the
Interstate Wire Act of 1961, as amended (“Wire Act”), which stated that the Wire Act bans any form of iGaming if it
crosses state lines and reversed a 2011 DOJ legal opinion that stated that the Wire Act only applied to interstate sports
betting. However, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit ruled in January 2021 that the Wire Act does not apply to
iGaming. The U.S. federal courts’ stance on the applicability of the Wire Act with respect to interstate iGaming may be
subject to potential changes in the future, and any such changes may be detrimental to our business operations. If the Wire
Act is ultimately determined by courts to be applicable to iGaming and we are required to restrict our iGaming transactions
in each state in which we operate to within such state, our costs will increase and it will become more difficult for us to
scale our operations in the United States.
       Any adverse changes to the regulation of online betting and iGaming, the interpretation of these laws, regulations and
licensing requirements by relevant regulators, or the revocation of operating licenses, as a result of industry-specific
reviews, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct our operations and generate revenue in such
jurisdictions. For example, following an extensive review of the Gambling Act of 2005 (the “UK Gambling Act”), the UK
government is implementing a broad program of regulatory reform, and further regulatory changes remain under
consideration. Similarly, in October 2024, the Irish government enacted the Irish Gambling Act, which also introduced
major reform and consolidation of gambling laws in Ireland, including the creation of the GRAI, which will have broad
powers to publish further guidance and codes of conduct. The new licensing framework is expected to be commenced on a
phased basis, with the issuing of licenses by the GRAI expected to take place in 2026.
       Adverse legislative, regulatory or judicial developments may also limit our ability to expand into, or scale within,
adjacent and emerging industries. For example, in 2025, we launched our prediction markets product across multiple U.S.
states. These products have been subject to regulatory scrutiny and litigation, and future court decisions, new legislation,
changes in the interpretation of the Commodity Exchange Act, or regulatory action by the CFTC or state authorities could
limit or prohibit us from offering certain types of prediction markets contracts or offering such contracts into certain states.
Similarly, future rulemaking or policy shifts by the CFTC, including renewed efforts to prohibit or more heavily regulate
the prediction markets, could curtail our product set or require operational changes on short notice. As a result, our ability
to drive incremental growth in the U.S. through our prediction markets offering could be materially adversely affected.
       Governments may from time to time seek to restrict access to our products from their jurisdictions entirely, or impose
other restrictions that may affect the accessibility of our products in their jurisdictions for an extended period of time or
indefinitely. In addition, government authorities in certain jurisdictions may seek to restrict customer access to our products
if they consider us to be a threat to public safety or for other reasons. Changes to existing forms of regulation may also
include the introduction of punitive tax regimes, larger financial guarantees, limitations on product offerings, requirements
for ring-fenced liquidity, requirements to obtain licenses and/or caps on the number of licensees, restrictions on permitted
marketing activities or restrictions on third party service providers to online betting and iGaming operators. In the event
that access to our products is restricted, in whole or in part, in one or more jurisdictions, we are required to or elect to make
changes to our operations, or other restrictions are imposed on our products, it may become commercially undesirable or
impractical for us to provide certain products or services in these jurisdictions, our returns from such jurisdictions may be
reduced and a reduction of the scope of our services to certain jurisdictions or withdrawing from certain jurisdictions
entirely may result, with a consequent financial loss arising from the need to block access by customers located in the
relevant jurisdictions. For example, we ceased real-money operations in India effective August 2025 to comply with the
Promotion and Regulation of Online Gaming Bill, which was enacted within an incredibly short time frame and without a
consultation process with industry stakeholders. In addition, in certain states in which we operate, the applicable office of
the Attorney General has previously issued an adverse legal opinion regarding DFS. If any one of those Attorneys General
decides to take action on the opinion from their office, we may have to withdraw our operations from such state.
Significant changes in our ability to operate in a large betting or iGaming market in the future or a number of smaller
betting or iGaming markets which collectively are material, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations.

Legal uncertainty and inconsistent enforcement of online betting and iGaming laws could require us to restrict or cease
operations in certain jurisdictions, or expose us to regulatory or legal action.
       The regulation and legality of online betting and iGaming and approaches to enforcement vary from jurisdiction to
jurisdiction (from open licensing regimes to regimes that impose sanctions or prohibitions) and is subject to uncertainties.
In some jurisdictions, the legal framework applicable to our business is unclear, incomplete or subject to interpretation, and
in others there is no directly applicable framework or legislation For fiscal 2025, we derived approximately 2% of our
revenue from jurisdictions where we do not have a local, territory-specific or point of consumption license because no such
framework exists. In many jurisdictions, the legality of online betting and iGaming services is not clear and may be subject
to inconsistent interpretation, and enforcement practices. As a result, some or all forms of online betting and iGaming could
be determined to be illegal, either when operated within a jurisdiction or when accessed by persons located there.



                                                               33
Table of Contents


      Uncertainty may also arise regarding where online betting and iGaming activities are deemed to occur and which
authorities have jurisdiction over them.
      Our determination of whether to permit customers in a given jurisdiction to access our products or to engage in
marketing and customer contact is based on our interpretation of applicable laws, licensing requirements and regulatory
enforcement practices, including their potential extraterritorial application. If this determination is incorrect or later
challenged, we could be subject to regulatory or legal action, be required to restrict or cease operations in that jurisdiction,
or incur significant costs, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations.
       In addition, regulators or prosecutors in jurisdictions where we provide online betting or iGaming services without a
local license or pursuant to a multi-jurisdictional license, may take legal action in respect of our operations in that
jurisdiction and any defense we raise may not be successful. Actions that may be taken include termination of our
operations, criminal sanctions and penalties, as well as civil and administrative enforcement actions, fines, excessive
taxation, asset seizures, as well as payment blocks and ISP blacklisting. Even if such claims could be successfully
defended, the process may result in a loss of reputation, potential loss of revenue and diversion of management resources
and time, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The successful execution of our growth strategy, particularly with respect to our U.S. business, depends on our ability to
expand our provision of online betting and iGaming services into new and existing jurisdictions and markets where the
regulatory status of the provision of such services has been clarified or liberalized.
       Our ability to achieve growth in our online betting and iGaming business, particularly with respect to our U.S.
business, will depend, in large part, upon whether and on what terms online betting and iGaming are permitted in new
jurisdictions, the scope and timing of applicable regulations and our ability to obtain and maintain required licenses.
Certain jurisdictions in which laws currently prohibit or restrict online betting and iGaming or the marketing of those
services, or protect monopoly providers of betting and iGaming services, may not implement or delay implementing
changes to open their markets, restricting our ability to expand our provision of online betting and iGaming services. If
such regulatory changes are delayed, limited or do not occur, our ability to grow in these markets could be materially
restricted.
      In particular, our ability to further expand our online sports betting and iGaming operations in the United States is
dependent on the adoption of state statutes permitting such activities, as well as our ability to obtain the necessary licenses
to operate in U.S. jurisdictions where such services are legalized. The failure of state legislators to implement a regulatory
framework for providing online sports betting and iGaming services in their jurisdictions in a timely manner, or at all, may
prevent, restrict or delay our accessing such markets.
       Even where licensing regimes are introduced in certain markets, there is no guarantee that we will be successful in
obtaining a license to operate in such markets. In particular, under some jurisdictions’ sports betting and iGaming laws,
particularly in certain U.S. states, online sports betting and/or iGaming licenses are tethered to a limited number of eligible
businesses, such as land-based casinos, tribes, professional sports franchises and arenas and horse racing tracks, each of
which is entitled to a skin or multiple skins under that state’s law. Because the number of skins or direct licenses offered by
a jurisdiction may be limited, if we cannot establish, renew or manage our market access relationships in the jurisdictions
in which they are required or successfully obtain licenses through the competitive direct license process in other
jurisdictions, we would not be allowed to operate in those jurisdictions until we enter into new relationships, which could
be at a significantly higher cost if at all. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be
materially and adversely affected.
       Furthermore, even if we are successful in obtaining a license, any such license may be subject to onerous licensing
requirements, together with sanctions for breach thereof and/or taxation liabilities that may make the market unattractive to
us or limit our ability to offer or market certain of our products. In addition, a license may require us to offer our products
in partnership or cooperation with a local market participant, thereby exposing us to the risk of poor or non-performance by
such market participant of its applicable obligations, which could in turn disrupt or restrict our ability to effectively
compete and offer one or more of our products in the relevant market. Entry into new products, including prediction
markets, could also require us to modify existing licenses, face additional scrutiny from regulators, or in some cases forfeit
certain privileges associated with existing gaming licenses. For example, in November 2025, FanDuel voluntarily
surrendered its gaming license and registrations, along with all associated approvals, in Nevada in order to pursue its
prediction markets offering. Although we intend to cease offering sports-related prediction markets in states that legalize
online sports betting, pursuing new products may limit our ability to operate under existing licenses, require us to exit or
scale back other lines of business and increase compliance costs and regulatory uncertainty.




                                                               34
Table of Contents


      Moreover, we may face difficulty in competing with providers that take a more aggressive approach to regulation
than we do and are consequently able to establish themselves in markets where we do not accept customers or in which we
will not advertise. If regulation is liberalized or clarified in such jurisdictions or markets such that we are able to begin
offering our products or services in them, then we may face increased competition from these providers that have
established themselves prior to our entry.
       While clarification and liberalization of the regulation of online betting and iGaming in certain jurisdictions and
markets, particularly in the United States, may provide us with growth opportunities, successful expansion into each
potential new jurisdiction or market will present us with its own complexities and challenges and is dependent on a number
of factors that are beyond our control. Efforts to access a new jurisdiction or market may require us to incur significant
costs, such as capital, marketing, legal and other costs, as well as the commitment of significant senior management time
and resources. Furthermore, notwithstanding our efforts to access a new jurisdiction or market, our ability to successfully
enter such jurisdictions or markets may be affected by future developments in state/regional, national and/or supranational
policy and regulation, limitations on market access, competition from third parties and other factors that we are unable to
predict or control. Additionally, the complexity arising from multiple state/regional regulatory regimes, particularly within
the United States where gaming is largely regulated at the state level, may result in operational, legal and administrative
costs for us, particularly in the short term, and may be further exacerbated by new or evolving regulatory frameworks
applicable to prediction markets, which could impose additional compliance obligations. As a result, there can be no
assurance that we will be successful in expanding our service and product offerings into such jurisdictions or markets or
that our service and product offerings in such jurisdictions or markets will grow at expected rates or be successful in the
long term.

Changes in taxation laws, regulations and interpretations could materially increase our tax liabilities, reduce customer
demand for our products, and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
       We operate a global business subject to increasingly complex and evolving tax policies and regulations across
multiple jurisdictions. Changes in tax regimes or the interpretation of existing tax rules, including increases in tax rates,
expansion of tax bases or the introduction of new levies, duties, change or taxes on betting and gaming services or
winnings (for both operators and customers), could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations.
      The betting and gaming industry has been, and is expected to continue to be, the focus of frequent regulatory changes
and the introduction of new taxes or levies. See also “Item 1A. Risk Factors—Uncertain and evolving interpretations of tax
laws for online betting, iGaming and adjacent products may expose us to disproportionate liability.” For example, the
November 2025 UK budget announced significant increases to remote gaming taxes, including an increase in the tax rate
on online iGaming from 21% to 40% effective from April 2026, and online sports betting (ex-horseracing) from 15% to
25% effective from April 2027. In the United States, the federal government and individual U.S. States continue to refine
and expand their regulatory and taxation frameworks for online gaming and betting. For example, Illinois imposed a
progressive tax on sports betting revenue (up to 40%) from July 2024 and per-wager fee from July 2025, which has
contributed to a decline in legal betting volume. Certain municipalities have also proposed additional local taxes on online
wagering, which if the subject of widespread adoption, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operation. The adoption of substantial new or increased taxes could materially increase our costs,
reduce customer activity, constrain U.S. growth plans and adversely affect our business.
       We also operate in jurisdictions where betting and gaming winnings are currently not subject to income tax or are
taxed at low rates. If these jurisdictions were to begin to levy taxes (for either the player to declare or operator to withhold)
or increase the existing tax rates on winnings, betting and gaming might become less attractive for customers in those
jurisdictions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
       In addition to specific taxes, duties and levies on the provision of betting and gaming services and related activities,
we are also subject to direct and indirect taxes that apply generally to businesses operating in relevant jurisdictions. For
example, certain jurisdictions in which we operate have implemented, or are expected to implement, Pillar One of the
OECD’s Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) 2.0 project. Pillar One would allocate taxing rights based on digital
presence rather than physical presence and could increase the Group’s effective tax rate and subject us to taxation in
jurisdictions where we are not currently taxable. Further, until an agreement on Pillar One is reached, some jurisdictions
have imposed digital services taxes (“DSTs”) on certain digital business models, including online betting and gaming. The
interpretation and implementation of Pillar One and DSTs, particularly if applied inconsistently across jurisdictions, could
materially increase our tax liability and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations.

Uncertain and evolving interpretations of tax laws for online betting, iGaming and adjacent products may expose us to
disproportionate liability.


                                                               35
Table of Contents


      We are subject to periodic review and audit by domestic and foreign tax authorities. Although we believe that our tax
positions are reasonable and appropriate, tax authorities have in the past and may in the future disagree with certain
positions we have taken or that we will take, and any adverse outcome of such a review or audit, or change in interpretation
of applicable tax regulation, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
      For example, the Office of the Chief Counsel of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) issued on August 7,
2020, a Generic Legal Advice Memorandum (“GLAM”) expressing the view that fantasy sports entry fees are wagers. If
applied, fantasy sports entry fees would no longer be considered non-taxable entry fees into games of skill and would
become subject to an excise tax ranging from 0.25% to 2% per entry fee, depending on whether such entry fee is authorized
under applicable state law. Additionally, for certain winning customers, we would be required to deliver IRS Form W-2G
instead of IRS Form 1099, which would require significant changes to our operational processes and could result in
additional tax assessments, including assessments arising from any failure to timely or accurately provide IRS Forms
W-2G. Consistent with the GLAM, the IRS subsequently assessed the federal wagering excise tax, at the 0.25% rate, on
DFS entry fees received from 2015-2021. FanDuel disputes the assessment, has challenged it administratively and, if
necessary, intends to challenge it in court. To date, the U.S. Department of Treasury has not issued further non-regulatory
guidance, and the IRS Office of the Chief Counsel has not issued a subsequent memorandum on the subject or a related
assessment nor agreed to dis-apply the GLAM to us. If fantasy sports entry fees become subject to the excise tax, we are
required to deliver to the IRS Form W-2G for certain winning customers, or the IRS issues further assessments and
penalties for past treatment of DFS contests or other of our products as non-wagering games of skill, it could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
       Furthermore, India’s Directorate General of Goods & Services Tax (the “DGGI”) is investigating the historical
characterization of products such as rummy, fantasy games and poker as ‘games of skill’ (subject to tax of 18% on player
commission) rather than ‘games of chance’ (subject to 28% tax on player stakes). The DGGI has issued notices to multiple
online gaming businesses alleging historical underpayment of GST, including to Junglee and PokerStars India, for a total
amount of ₹198.5 billion ($2.2 billion). While we believe our historical GST treatment is appropriate, the proceedings
remain unresolved, and an adverse outcome could result in significant additional GST liabilities, which would materially
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. See Note 21 “Commitments and Contingencies” in the
audited financial statements included in this Annual Report.
      In addition, economic and political pressures to increase tax revenue in various jurisdictions may make resolving tax
disputes favorably more difficult. We are subject to tax audits in certain jurisdictions, including the UK, Italy, India, the
United States and Australia. The final resolution of those audits, and other audits or litigation, may differ from the amounts
recorded in our consolidated financial statements included herein and may materially affect our consolidated financial
statements in the period or periods in which that determination is made.
      We also pay Value-Added Tax, Goods and Services Tax, or other similar taxes (collectively, “VAT”) in territories
where we have determined that it is applicable. Due to the uncertainty of the application of VAT law to our services, there
could be additional territories where local authorities consider VAT to apply, which could have a material adverse impact
on our tax burden.

Social responsibility concerns and public opinion regarding responsible gambling and related matters could
significantly influence the regulation of online betting and iGaming and impose new responsible gaming requirements,
could result in investigations and litigation, and may adversely impact our reputation.
      We have faced, and will likely continue to face, increased scrutiny related to responsible gaming, and the value of
our brand may be materially and adversely affected if we fail to uphold the highest standards in this area. While we have
implemented responsible gambling measures designed to protect our customers, if the perception develops that we or the
betting and gaming industry as a whole are failing to adequately protect vulnerable players, restrictions on the provision of
betting and gaming services may be imposed on us, we may become the subject of investigations and litigation, and we
may suffer harm to our reputation.
       Public opinion can significantly influence the regulation of online betting and iGaming. A further negative shift in
the perception of online betting and iGaming by the public or by politicians, lobbyists or others could affect future
legislation or regulation in different jurisdictions. Among other things, such a shift could cause jurisdictions to abandon
proposals to legalize or liberalize online betting and iGaming, thereby limiting the number of new jurisdictions into which
we could expand. Increasingly negative public perception could also lead to new restrictions on, or to the prohibition of
online betting and iGaming in, jurisdictions in which we currently, or may in the future, operate.
       Additionally, increased scrutiny related to responsible betting and gaming may result in investigations into the
commercial practices of betting and gaming industry service providers, including by governmental agencies, as well as
class action or individual lawsuits by groups of users or individuals, respectively, of such services. Any such investigations
or legal actions, including as a result of a change in policy or regulation, would have a material adverse effect on both our
reputation and our business, financial condition and results of operations.


                                                              36
Table of Contents


       Furthermore, publicity about problem gambling and other problems, even if not directly or indirectly connected with
us or our products, may adversely impact our reputation and the willingness of the public to participate in betting and
gaming or a particular form of betting and gaming. Any harm to our reputation could impact employee engagement and
retention, the willingness of customers and our partners to do business with us, and current and potential investors to invest
in us, and regulatory oversight and approval of our business offerings, any of which could have a materially adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We operate in a heavily regulated environment, and any failure to comply with regulatory requirements in a particular
jurisdiction can lead to enforcement action by relevant regulators, fines and revocation or suspension of licenses in
those jurisdictions.
       We operate in a heavily regulated environment, and non-compliance with any of the various laws and regulations
applicable to betting and iGaming could expose us to claims, proceedings, litigation and investigations by private parties
and regulatory authorities, as well as substantial fines and negative publicity, each of which may materially and adversely
affect our business. Fines have previously been levied against us, particularly in the United Kingdom and United States,
including a significant fine by the UKGC and certain other fines by relevant U.S. regulators, and it is likely that such
enforcement initiatives will not only continue but could also potentially increase in frequency and scope. For example, one
of our competitors was fined £10 million in 2025 and another competitor was fined a record £19.2 million in 2023 by the
UK government for failures to comply with the UK Gambling Act, particularly regarding social responsibility and anti-
money laundering (“AML”) rules.
       In addition to fines and other financial penalties, the consequences of such enforcement action could include a
revocation of the relevant entity’s license, a suspension of that license and/or the imposition of certain adverse licensing
conditions. The loss of a gaming license in one jurisdiction could trigger the loss of a gaming license or affect our
eligibility for such a license in another jurisdiction, and any of such losses, or potential for such loss, could cause us to
cease offering some or all of our services or products in the relevant jurisdictions.
       If regulatory enforcement proceedings are brought against us, there is an increased risk that third parties, including
but not limited to customers and third party service providers, could commence litigation against us, particularly where
such regulatory enforcement proceedings have been successful, resulting in reputational damage to our brands. The loss of
goodwill may deter new and existing customers and/or third party service providers and negatively impact our operating
results.

Governmental reviews and/or significant regulatory changes in our key markets could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations.
       From time to time, governments and/or regulators in our key markets have undertaken, and may in the future
undertake, significant reviews of the betting and gaming industry. These reviews may result in new or expanded
legislation, regulation or regulatory enforcement that increases our compliance costs, restricts our products, marketing or
customer interactions, reduces demand for our offerings, or otherwise has a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations.
      For example, the UK government’s review of the UK Gambling Act, published in April 2023, has resulted, and may
continue to result, in legislative changes, including the introduction of maximum staking limits for online slots and a
statutory levy to fund the research, prevention and treatment of gambling harms and amendments to the regulatory
requirements implemented by the UKGC. These changes have included, among other things, the introduction of financial
vulnerability checks, mandatory customer prompts for deposit limits, restrictions on promotional incentives, changes to
direct marketing consents and modifications to the design and offer of non-slots online gaming products. While the Group
has not experienced materially increased operational or compliance costs as a result of these changes to date, the full scope
of the impact of the review, including the potential for additional legislative or regulatory changes, remains uncertain. For
example, the UKGC is also currently piloting the introduction of financial risk assessments, which if implemented on a
permanent basis, could increase our operational and compliance costs, and materially impact our business. In addition,
campaign groups are calling for further reviews of UK gambling legislation, with particular focus on restricting gambling
advertising and sponsorship, and the UKGC could introduce additional requirements in the future. Any further review of
the UK Gambling Act, legislative changes or incremental regulatory intervention could materially impact our business,
financial condition and results of operations.
      Similar reviews or regulatory changes in any of our key jurisdictions could, individually or in the aggregate, have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, regulators around the
world increasingly take note of each others’ approaches to regulating the betting and gaming industries. Consequently, new
laws or regulations in one jurisdiction may be replicated in others, negatively affecting our business across multiple
jurisdictions or product or service offerings.



                                                               37
Table of Contents


We face the risk of loss, revocation, non-renewal or change in the terms of our betting and gaming licenses.
       Our betting and gaming licenses tend to be issued for fixed periods of time, after which a renewal of the license is
required. Licenses also typically include a right of revocation for the regulator in certain circumstances, for example, where
the licensee is in breach of the relevant license provisions. If any of our betting and gaming licenses are not renewed or are
materially delayed in being renewed, are revoked or are renewed on terms which are materially less favorable to us, we
may be restricted from providing some or all of our services to customers located in the relevant jurisdiction and may be
required to withdraw from the jurisdiction either temporarily or permanently, either of which would have a consequent
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
     In addition, the determination of suitability process as part of any renewal application may be expensive and time-
consuming, and any costs incurred are unlikely to be recoverable if the application is unsuccessful. The revocation or non-
renewal of our licenses could arise if our directors, management, certain shareholders or business partners fail to comply
adequately with the suitability, information reporting or other requirements of relevant licensing and regulatory authorities.

      There have been, and continue to be, various attempts in the European Union member states to apply domestic
criminal and administrative laws to prevent online betting and iGaming operators licensed in other member states from
operating in or providing services to customers within their territory.
       There have been, and continue to be, attempts by regulatory authorities, state licensees and incumbent operators,
including monopoly operators, in certain EU member states to apply domestic criminal and administrative laws to prevent,
or try to prevent, online betting and iGaming operators licensed in other EU member states from operating in or providing
services to customers within their territories. The application and enforcement of these principles by the Court of Justice of
the European Union (the “CJEU”), the domestic courts and regulatory authorities in various EU member states remains
subject to continuing challenge and clarification.
       If the jurisprudence of the CJEU continues to recognize that EU member states may, subject to certain conditions,
establish or maintain exclusive licensing regimes that restrict the provision of online betting and iGaming services by
operators licensed in other EU member states, this may adversely affect our ability to permit customers in a given EU
member state to access one or more of our online betting and iGaming services and to engage in certain types of marketing
activity and customer contact. Depending on the way in which national courts or competent authorities interpret EU law,
we may have to submit to local licensing, regulation and/or taxation in additional EU member states and/or exclude
customers who are based in certain EU member states, either entirely or from certain of our product offerings. Any such
consequences could potentially increase our operating costs, reduce our revenues and/or negatively impact our expansion in
the European Union.

Failure by key persons to obtain necessary licenses or comply with individual regulatory obligations in certain
jurisdictions could imperil our ability to obtain or maintain licenses necessary for the conduct of our business and in
some cases, may require the removal of a key person and the mandatory redemption or transfer of any equity securities
of the Company held by such person.
       As part of obtaining real-money gaming licenses, the responsible gaming authority will generally determine the
suitability of certain directors, officers and employees and, in some instances, significant shareholders. The criteria used by
gaming authorities to make determinations as to who requires a finding of suitability or the suitability of an applicant to
conduct gaming operations varies among jurisdictions, but generally requires extensive and detailed application disclosures
followed by a thorough investigation. Gaming authorities typically have broad discretion in determining whether an
applicant should be found suitable to conduct operations within a given jurisdiction. If any gaming authority with
jurisdiction over our business were to find an applicable officer, director, employee or significant shareholder of ours
unsuitable for licensing or unsuitable to continue having a relationship with us, we may be required to sever our
relationship with that person, which could be materially disruptive to our business. Furthermore, we may be subject to
disciplinary action or our licenses may be in peril if, after we receive notice that a person is unsuitable to be a significant
shareholder or to have any other relationship with us or any of our subsidiaries, we: (i) pay that person any dividend or
interest upon our voting securities; (ii) allow that person to exercise, directly or indirectly, any voting right conferred
through securities held by that person; (iii) pay compensation in any form to that person for services rendered or otherwise;
or (iv) fail to pursue all lawful efforts to require such unsuitable person to relinquish his, her or its voting securities.
      Our Memorandum and Articles of Association (the “Articles of Association”) provide that any of our ordinary shares
or other equity securities owned or controlled by any shareholder whom we determine is an unsuitable person (following
consultation with reputable outside gaming regulatory counsel), will be subject to mandatory sale and transfer to either us
or one or more third party transferees.




                                                              38
Table of Contents


       Additionally, a gaming regulatory body may refuse to issue or renew a gaming license or restrict or condition the
same, based on our present or past activities, or the past or present activities of our current or former directors, officers,
employees, shareholders or third parties with whom we have relationships, which could materially and adversely affect our
business, operations or financial condition. From time to time, various proposals are introduced in the legislatures of some
of the jurisdictions in which we have existing or planned operations that, if enacted, could adversely affect our directors,
officers, key employees or other aspects of our operations. To date, we believe that we have obtained all governmental
licenses, findings of suitability, registrations, permits and/or approvals necessary for our operations. However, we can give
no assurance that any additional licenses, permits and approvals that may be required will be given or that existing ones
will be renewed or will not be revoked. Renewal is subject to, among other things, continued satisfaction with the
suitability requirements of our directors, officers, key employees and shareholders. Any failure to renew or maintain our
licenses or to receive new licenses when necessary, would have a material adverse effect on us.

We are subject to litigation, and adverse outcomes in such litigation could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations.
       We are, and from time to time may become, subject to litigation and various legal proceedings, including litigation
and proceedings related to competition and antitrust, intellectual property, privacy, consumer protection, accessibility
claims, securities, tax, advertising practices, labor and employment, commercial disputes and services, as well as
shareholder derivative suits, class action lawsuits, actions from former employees, suits involving governmental authorities
and other matters, that involve claims for substantial amounts of money or for other relief or that might necessitate changes
to our business or operations. Additionally, we are likely to expand our operations to jurisdictions which have proven to be
litigious environments, and we may be subject to claims from customers, shareholders, contractual counterparties or others.
Litigation to defend us against claims by third parties, or to enforce any rights that we may have against third parties, may
be necessary, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources, causing a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations.
      For example, in Australia, class action proceedings were commenced against our Sportsbet brand in late December
2024 relating to Sportsbet's Bet Live Fast Code service.
       Any litigation to which we are a party may result in an onerous or unfavorable judgment that may not be reversed
upon appeal, or in payments of substantial monetary damages or fines, the posting of bonds requiring significant collateral,
letters of credit or similar instruments, or we may decide to settle lawsuits on similarly unfavorable terms. These
proceedings could also result in reputational harm, criminal sanctions, consent decrees or orders preventing us from
offering certain products or requiring a change in our business practices in costly ways or requiring development of non-
infringing or otherwise altered products or technologies. Our failure to successfully defend or settle any of these legal
proceedings could result in liability that, to the extent not covered by our insurance, could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We have been, continue to be, and could in the future be the subject of governmental investigations, settlement
agreements and inquiries with respect to the operation of our businesses any of which could materially and adversely
affect our business.
       We operate in a highly regulated industry. We have received formal and informal inquiries from time to time, from
government authorities and regulators, including tax authorities and gaming regulators, regarding compliance with laws
and other matters, and we may receive such inquiries in the future, particularly as we grow and expand our operations.
Violation of existing or future regulations, regulatory orders or consent decrees has subjected and could in the future
subject us to substantial monetary fines and other penalties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations. In addition, it is possible that future orders issued by, or inquiries or enforcement actions initiated by,
government or regulatory authorities could cause us to incur substantial costs, expose us to unanticipated liability or
penalties, or require us to change our business practices in a manner materially adverse to our business. See “Item 1A. Risk
Factors—Uncertain and evolving interpretations of tax laws for online betting, iGaming and adjacent products may expose
us to disproportionate liability.”




                                                               39
Table of Contents


We may fail to maintain effective and compliant AML, counter-terrorist financing (“CTF”) and anti-corruption, fraud
detection or related compliance policies and procedures.
       The receipt of funds from customers exposes us to financial crime risks, including, but not limited to, risks relating to
AML, CTF and other regulatory obligations and potential liabilities. Certain customers may seek to misuse our platforms to
facilitate the laundering of the proceeds of crime or to access betting or gaming services using misappropriated or
otherwise unlawful funds. While we have established policies, procedures and controls designed to support customer due
diligence, transaction monitoring and the assessment of customers’ sources of funds, such controls may be circumvented or
we may otherwise fail to prevent or detect all instances of financial crime. If we are unsuccessful in detecting money
laundering or terrorist financing, fraud, corruption or other financial crime, we could suffer loss directly, be subject to civil
or criminal sanctions, regulatory investigations and enforcement, financial penalties and/or lose customer confidence,
which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, international brand expansion efforts, ability to obtain and
maintain licences, commercial relationships, ability to attract and retain employees and customers, qualification to have our
equity securities listed on a stock exchange and, more generally, on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. The time and resources required to investigate and resolve regulatory enforcement proceedings relating to
financial crime or compliance failures could be substantial.
      We are required to comply with all applicable international trade, export and import laws and regulations and we are
subject to export controls and economic sanctions laws and embargoes imposed by the governments of the jurisdictions in
which we operate. Changes in economic sanctions laws may restrict our business practices, including potentially requiring
the cessation of business activities in sanctioned countries or with sanctioned entities or persons, and may result in our
modifying our compliance programs.
      Furthermore, as a heavily regulated business with global operations, we undertake significant direct and indirect
interaction with public officials of various governments worldwide. We are subject to the Irish Corruption Offences Act,
the Canadian Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act and
other anti-bribery laws that generally prohibit the offering, promising, giving, agreeing to give, or authorizing others to
give anything of value, either directly or indirectly, to a government official or other person in order to influence official
action, or otherwise obtain or retain a business advantage. In addition, U.S. public companies are required to maintain
books and records that accurately and fairly reflect their transactions and have an adequate system of internal accounting
controls.
       While we maintain safeguards and policies to deter practices by our directors, officers, employees, agents,
collaborators and contractors that would violate applicable laws. However, we cannot ensure that our compliance controls,
policies and procedures will in every instance protect us from acts committed by such persons that would violate the laws
or regulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate. If we are unsuccessful in detecting such acts, we could suffer loss
directly, be subject to civil or criminal sanctions and/or lose the confidence of our customers. We could also be subject to
fines or other sanctions, such as disgorgement of profits, cessation of business activities, implementation of new or
enhanced compliance programs, requirements to obtain additional licenses and permits, prohibitions on the conduct of our
business and/or restrictions on our ability to market and sell products or provide services in one or more jurisdictions, all of
which could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
      The tightening of financial crime related regulations may also affect the speed and convenience with which
customers can access our products and services, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. In addition, changes in, and further development of, regulatory requirements relating to
financial crime, including AML and CTF, may increase our compliance obligations and result in additional operating costs,
capital expenditure, management time and operational resources to modify internal controls, policies, procedures, systems
and operational practices, each of which could have an adverse effect on our business financial condition and results of
operations.

If we fail to detect cheating, fraud or theft, including by our customers, employees, or third parties, our reputation may
suffer, which could harm our brand and reputation and subject us to investigations and litigation.
     The risk of fraud by customers, employees or other parties, including but not limited to use of stolen or fraudulent
payment data, unauthorized transactions, or the manipulation of games or competitions, is inherent to the betting and
gaming industry. We have incurred losses in this regard and may in the future incur similar losses.




                                                               40
Table of Contents


       Bad actors use increasingly sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities, including activities involving
personal data, such as unauthorized use of another person’s account identity, financial or payment information, and
unauthorized acquisition or use of payment instruments belonging to third parties. At the game level, fraud/cheating may
occur in peer to peer games in the form of, but not limited to collusion or chip dumping. These activities involve
participants manipulating gameplay mechanics to gain an unfair advantage over other players. Fraud schemes may also
involve individuals associated with a sporting event, such as athletes, referees, or other participants influencing the
outcome of a sporting event or specific plays to benefit illegal or unauthorized betting activity. For example, in January
2026, U.S. prosecutors charged 26 people in an alleged scheme designed to enrich sports gamblers, involving university
basketball players. In addition, customers may commit or attempt to commit fraud or cheat in poker, including using AI or
other sophisticated computer programs (“bots”) to create an artificial competitive advantage to increase their chances of
winnings over other customer. The use of bots in other games such as bingo, slots and other casino games are other known
methods of online betting and iGaming fraud. Acts of fraud or cheating may involve various tactics, possibly in collusion
with other customers, gaming participants such as athletes and referees, and in some cases with employees or other
individuals associated with the organization.
       While we have implemented a variety of detection and prevention controls to minimize the opportunities for
fraudulent activities across our games and systems, there can be no guarantee that any of our measures will be effective
now or in the future. Failure to discover such acts or schemes in a timely manner could result in financial losses, harm to
our operations and negative publicity related to such schemes, whether involving us or a competitor, could have an adverse
effect on our reputation and consumer confidence in us or our industry more broadly, potentially causing a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In the event of the occurrence of any such issues with
our existing platform or product offerings, substantial engineering and marketing resources and management attention, may
be diverted from other projects to correct these issues, which may delay other projects and the achievement of our strategic
objectives.

Online betting and iGaming contracts may be unenforceable and may result in player claims for refunds that, if
successfully adjudicated and enforced, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations.
       In several of the markets in which we have provided or continue to provide online betting and iGaming products and
services under a Maltese remote gaming license, online betting and iGaming contracts could be deemed by courts either to
be null and void or unenforceable under local laws. Although the choice of law clauses in customer terms and conditions
stipulate that betting and gaming transactions take place in the jurisdiction in which we are operating under a valid remote
license (rather than in the location of the customer), customers located in these markets have in the past and could in the
future demand to recover the funds that they have wagered on an online betting and iGaming site and enforce any judgment
based on such demand.
       These types of player claims have materialized on an industry-wide basis in Austria and Germany based on the
assertion that, under applicable local law, the iGaming offering under a Maltese remote multi-jurisdictional license is
contrary to local law. In 2023, we were granted a local gaming license in Germany with respect to the products upon which
such claims are generally based and no longer operate with respect to those products in Germany under our Maltese remote
license. However, we continue to operate under our Maltese remote license in Austria, where there is no available local
regulatory framework. Generally, local courts have been ruling in favor of players in Germany and Austria, and certain
claimants that have been successful in adjudicating final claims in Austria have sought enforcement of the resulting
judgments in Malta. To date, no Maltese court has granted enforcement of any player claim judgement from a foreign court
in Malta, and in June 2023, Malta enacted legislation prohibiting the enforcement of foreign judgments against authorized
Maltese licensed operators who are acting lawfully in accordance with Maltese law. However, if in the future a material
proportion of player claims were successfully enforced either in Malta or any other jurisdiction, it could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Financial and Banking Risks Relating to Our Operations
We are exposed to foreign exchange rate risk with respect to the translation of foreign currency denominated balance
sheet amounts and to the risk of interest rate fluctuations.
       Our reporting currency is U.S. dollars, but part of our income, customer deposits and expenditure is in other
currencies, including, in particular, euro, pounds sterling, Canadian dollars and Australian dollars, as well as other
currencies. As a result, our revenues and costs are affected by foreign exchange rate fluctuations and volatility in exchange
rates between U.S. dollars and relevant other currencies, which results in, and may continue to result in, volatility in our
reported results of operations.




                                                             41
Table of Contents


      Exchange rate fluctuations also affect our Consolidated Balance Sheet, particularly with respect to individual assets
and liabilities denominated in other currencies.
       Tariff-related disruptions may also lead to fluctuations in exchange rates as markets react to shifts in trade
relationships, thereby increasing the volatility arising from foreign currency exposure.
       In line with our risk management policies, we may, from time to time, hedge a portion of our currency exposures and
try to limit any adverse effect of exchange rate fluctuations on our business, financial condition and results of operations,
but there can be no assurance that such hedging will eliminate the potentially materially adverse effects of such
fluctuations.
       Our exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relate primarily to interest expense on our long-term debt
obligations with floating interest rates, including our term loan facilities and revolving credit facility. As a result of the cash
generative nature of our business and the cash balances we retain on behalf of customers, we are also exposed to interest
rate risk affecting the income earned from such deposits. Interest rate increases, disruption in credit markets, changes to our
credit ratings or other credit or macroeconomic factors could negatively impact the availability or cost of funding,
including our ability to incur additional indebtedness to operate our ongoing operations, fund liquidity requirements or to
refinance our credit facilities on commercially reasonable terms or at all.
      We may, from time to time, hedge a portion of our net interest rate exposures and try to limit any adverse effect of
interest rate fluctuations on our business, financial condition and results of operations, but there can be no assurance that
such hedging will eliminate the potentially materially adverse effects of such fluctuations.

We depend on the ongoing support of payment processors and international multi-currency transfer systems.
       We are reliant on payment and multi-currency processing systems to facilitate the movement of funds between each
of our businesses and their respective customer bases. Anything that could interfere with our relationships with payment
service providers would have a material adverse effect on our business. The introduction of legislation or regulations
restricting financial transactions with online betting and iGaming operators or prohibiting the use of credit cards and other
banking instruments for online betting and iGaming transactions, or any other increase in the stringency of regulation of
financial transactions, whether in general or in relation to the online betting and iGaming industry in particular, may restrict
our ability to accept payment from our customers or facilitate withdrawals by them. For example, with effect from April
14, 2020, betting and gaming operators are not permitted to accept credit card payments from UK based customers, which
has resulted in loss of revenue.
       Certain governments may seek to impede the online betting and iGaming industry through legislation or enforcement
measures designed to prevent customers or financial institutions, based in their jurisdictions, from transferring money to
online betting and iGaming operations. They may seek to impose embargoes on currency use, wherever transactions are
taking place. This may result in the providers of payment systems for a particular market deciding to cease providing their
services for such a market. This in turn would lead to an increased risk that payments due to us are misappropriated, frozen
or diverted by banks and credit card companies. There may be a limited availability of alternative systems, particularly in
light of recent consolidation in the financial services industry. As a result, payment systems providers may increase their
charges to us or our customers, and/or we may be required to source new payment systems providers of lesser quality and
reliability than those providers previously used to service a particular market, which would also enhance the risk of default
or delayed payments in circumstances where it would be too time consuming and challenging to sue for recovery.
      The tightening, or other modifications to, or changes in interpretation of AML regulations may also affect the speed
and convenience of payment processing systems, resulting in added inconvenience to customers. Card issuers and acquirers
may dictate how transactions and products need to be coded and treated which may also impact on acceptance rates.
Certain card issuers, acquirers, payment processors and banks may also cease to process transactions relating to the online
betting and iGaming industry as a whole or certain operators (including us) for reputational, compliance and/or regulatory
reasons.
      A number of issuing banks or credit card companies may, from time to time, reject payments to us that are attempted
to be made by customers. Should such restrictions and rejections become more prevalent, or any other restriction on
payment processing be introduced, iGaming activity by our customers or the conversion of registered customers into AMPs
could be adversely affected, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue.
      In addition, if any relevant regulator were to challenge our payment arrangements, and we were unable to withstand
such challenge, we would have to reorganize the way in which we receive payments from our customers. Such a
reorganization of payment systems could disrupt our business and, as a result, have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations.




                                                                42
Table of Contents


The receipt and holding of customer funds could be regarded as a deposit-taking business, requiring various financial
services licenses or authorizations.
      The receipt of funds from customers may be subject to regulation in various countries. For example, accepting
deposits in the United Kingdom is a regulated activity, generally requiring those that accept deposits in the United
Kingdom to be authorized under applicable financial services legislation.

       We have previously received confirmation from the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) that our acceptance of
customer payments does not constitute “deposit taking” and that we therefore do not require authorization under applicable
financial services legislation in the United Kingdom. If this position were to change, or if our UK-based business were
found to be subject to any proposed changes to the FCA’s Licensing, Compliance and Enforcement Policy, we may have to
either reorganize the way in which we receive payments from our customers or seek to obtain relevant authorizations. Such
a reorganization of payment systems could disrupt our operations and result in our incurring unforeseen costs and
expenses. In addition, any failure to obtain the necessary authorization may prevent us from continuing to provide our
products in the same way as we currently do, which may impose additional costs on the provision of such products or
prevent us from providing some or all of our products to certain customers.

Our strategy could be materially and adversely affected by our indebtedness.
      As of December 31, 2025, we had total long-term debt of $12,266 million. We may incur substantial additional
indebtedness in the future, in particular in connection with future acquisitions, which remain a core part of our strategy,
some of which may be secured by some or all of our assets. Our overall level of indebtedness from time to time may have
an adverse effect on our strategy, including requiring us to dedicate portions of our cash flow to payments on our debt,
thereby reducing funds available for reinvestment in the business, restricting us from securing the financing, if necessary,
to pursue acquisition opportunities, limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and
industry and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have lower levels of indebtedness.
       We may need to refinance some or all of our debt upon maturity, either on terms that could potentially be less
favorable than the existing terms, or under unfavorable market conditions, which may also have an adverse effect on our
strategy.

Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Ordinary Shares
We previously identified deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that constitute “material
weaknesses” as defined in Regulation S-X. Although these material weaknesses have been remediated, if we identify
material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial
reporting to the standards required by U.S. securities laws, we may not be able to accurately report our financial
condition or results of operations or prevent fraud.
      We are subject to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which requires us to maintain internal control over
financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal control. In addition, our independent registered
public accounting firm is required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. While no
material weaknesses were identified as of December 31, 2025, we previously identified material weaknesses in our internal
controls over financial reporting for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, and we cannot assure you that additional material
weaknesses will not arise in the future. Details of remediation activities completed in fiscal year 2025, are set out in Item
9A. Controls and Procedures.
        Our reporting obligations as a public company place significant requirements on our management and we are
required to devote substantial operational and financial resources to meet those obligations and expect to continue to do so
for the foreseeable future. Changes in personnel, systems or procedures (including the implementation, upgrade,
replacement or integration of enterprise resource planning systems), as well as other significant events, including M&A,
may have an adverse impact on our internal controls and increase the risk of deficiencies. The existence of any material
weakness could require us to incur significant expense to remediate, and we may not be able to do so in a timely manner or
at all. In addition, a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute,
assurance that the control system’s objectives will be met. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control
systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or
that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected.
      If we fail to prevent material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal
controls over financial reporting to the standards required by U.S. securities laws, we may not be able to accurately or
timely report our financial condition or results of operations or prevent fraud. Inadequate internal controls could also cause
investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have an adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations.


                                                             43
Table of Contents


We have not paid dividends on our ordinary shares since May 2020 and may not pay dividends in future.
       We have not paid dividends on our ordinary shares since May 2020. The declaration, amount and timing of any
future dividends on our ordinary shares will be at the sole discretion of our Board and will depend on a range of factors,
including our financial condition and results of operations, general economic conditions, available cash, capital
requirements and commitments, leverage levels, contractual, legal, tax and regulatory restrictions (including under the Irish
Companies Act) and such other factors as the Board may consider relevant. In addition, as a holding company, we rely on
the earnings and cash distributions of our subsidiaries to generate cash, including to fund any future dividends, and such
distributions may be limited by the subsidiaries’ financial performance or applicable restrictions. If we do not pay
dividends in the future, you may not receive any return on your investment in our ordinary shares unless you are able to sell
them at a price greater than that which you paid for them.

You may be diluted by the future issuance of additional ordinary shares in connection with our incentive plans,
acquisitions or otherwise.
       Our organizational documents and certain provisions of Irish law authorize us to issue new ordinary shares on a non-
preemptive basis in certain circumstances. In addition, our shareholders have opted out of statutory preemption rights
otherwise applicable to the issue of new ordinary shares for cash within certain parameters. As a result, we may in the
future decide to issue additional ordinary shares or other equity share capital on a non-preemptive basis, whether in
connection with acquisitions or otherwise. This could dilute the proportionate ownership and voting interests of holders of
ordinary shares and may have a negative impact on the market price of ordinary shares. In addition, any ordinary shares
that we issue under any equity incentive plans that are currently in place or that we may adopt in the future, either as a
result of the grant of new equity awards or the exercise of equity awards that are currently outstanding, would dilute the
percentage ownership held by other investors.

The amount and frequency of our share repurchases may fluctuate, and we cannot guarantee that we will purchase all
of the shares under our share repurchase authorization, or that it will enhance long-term shareholder value.
       Our Board has authorized a share repurchase program of up to $5 billion of our ordinary shares. As of December 31,
2025, we have completed $1.1 billion of this share repurchase program with approximately $3.9 billion remaining. The
amount, frequency, and execution of our share repurchases pursuant to our share repurchase authorization may fluctuate
based on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price, economic and market conditions and our operating
results, cash flows, and priorities for the use of cash for other purposes. These other purposes include, but are not limited
to, operational spending, capital spending, acquisitions, and repayment of long-term debt. Other factors, including changes
in tax laws, could also impact our share repurchases.
      The share repurchase authorization does not obligate us to repurchase ordinary shares, and we cannot guarantee that
we will purchase all of the ordinary shares under such authorization or that it will enhance long-term shareholder value.
The repurchase authorization could affect the trading price of our ordinary share and increase volatility, and any
announcement of a pause in, or termination of, this program may result in a decrease in the trading price of our ordinary
share. In addition, this program is a use of cash, which may reduce the availability of cash for other business purposes,
including investments, acquisitions, dividends, or repayment of indebtedness.

Any shareholder whose principal currency is not the U.S. dollar will be subject to exchange rate fluctuations.
      Our ordinary shares traded on the NYSE are traded in U.S. dollars, and any cash dividends or other distributions to
be declared in respect of them, if any, will be denominated in U.S. dollars. Shareholders whose principal currency is not the
U.S. dollar and who wish to trade ordinary shares on the NYSE will be exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk.
Any depreciation of the U.S. dollar in relation to such foreign currency would reduce the value of our ordinary shares held
by such shareholders, whereas any appreciation of the U.S. dollar would increase their value in foreign currency terms.

The trading price of our ordinary shares may be volatile.
      The trading price of our ordinary shares could be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to various
factors, some of which are beyond our control. Our ordinary shares may trade at prices significantly below the price you
paid for them. In such circumstances, the trading price of our ordinary shares may not recover and may experience a further
decline.




                                                             44
Table of Contents


      Broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our ordinary shares irrespective of our
operating performance. The stock market in general and the NYSE have experienced price and volume fluctuations that
have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. The
trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of our ordinary shares, may not be predictable. A loss of investor
confidence in the market for the stocks of other companies that investors perceive to be similar to us could depress our
share price regardless of our business, financial condition or results of operations. A decline in the market price of our
ordinary shares also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities and our ability to obtain additional
financing in the future.

U.S. investors may have difficulty enforcing judgments against us, our directors and officers.
       We are incorporated under the laws of Ireland, and a large portion of our assets are located outside of the United
States, and some of our directors and officers are residents of Ireland or otherwise reside outside the United States. As a
result, it may not be possible to effect service of process of proceedings commenced in the United States on such persons
or us in the United States.
      There is no treaty between Ireland and the United States providing for the reciprocal enforcement of judgments
obtained in the other jurisdiction and Irish common law rules govern the process by which a U.S. judgment may be
enforced in Ireland. As such, there is some uncertainty as to whether the courts of Ireland would recognize or enforce
judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or our directors or officers based on U.S. federal or state civil liability laws,
including the civil liability provisions of U.S. federal or state securities laws, or hear actions against us or those persons
based on such laws.
       Furthermore, as an Irish company, Flutter is governed by the Irish Companies Act, which differs in some material
respects from laws generally applicable to U.S. corporations and shareholders, including, among others, differences
relating to interested director and officer transactions, mergers and acquisitions, takeovers and shareholder lawsuits.
Likewise, the duties of directors and officers of an Irish company generally are owed to the company only. Shareholders of
Irish companies generally do not have a personal right of action against directors or officers of the company and may
exercise such rights of action on behalf of the company only in limited circumstances. Accordingly, holders of our
securities may have more difficulty protecting their interests than would holders of securities of a corporation incorporated
in a jurisdiction of the United States.

Item 1B.         Unresolved Staff Comments
      Not applicable.

Item 1C.         Cybersecurity
Risk Management and Strategy
       The secure collection, maintenance, processing and transmission of confidential and sensitive information, including
personal data, is a critical element of our operations. We rely on encryption and authentication technology licensed from
third parties in an effort to securely transmit certain confidential and sensitive information, including credit card numbers.
Our information technology and other systems, and those of our third-party service providers, that collect, maintain,
process and transmit customer, employee, service provider and business partner information are susceptible to increasing
threats of continually evolving cybersecurity risks.
       Third-party supply risk is managed by functional teams for the Group. Our third-party risk management process
ensures that we evaluate relevant third-party cybersecurity controls through a cybersecurity questionnaire. Risks are
identified and assessed, and we include security addendums to our contracts where applicable. We have worked to develop
and further implement our supplier-risk framework to help us to manage our suppliers more holistically across the
lifecycle. In addition, we have an external third-party threat intelligence service that monitors the dark web and other
intelligence sources to provide real-time threat information to the Group and for selected critical suppliers. This
information is a proactive position on cyber threats. Intelligence is acted upon and disseminated to the relevant functional
teams for action and information.
      We have an established cyber risk appetite, framework and policies to support risk-based decisions on where and
how to allocate security resources. Our cyber risk framework and associated policies and standards are modelled after
established industry frameworks, including the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cyber Security Framework
(NIST CSF 2.0). The management of cybersecurity related risks is integrated into our overall enterprise risk management
process. Risks are regularly identified, assessed, monitored and reported on to ensure that we are able to allocate security
resources appropriately. Risks get reported at divisional, executive and Board risk committees.



                                                               45
Table of Contents


       We are regularly audited by various internal and external bodies that validate compliance with regulatory
requirements and industry standards. We perform periodical internal assessments of the design and operating effectiveness
of our cybersecurity controls, including penetration testing. Dedicated cyber teams in each division and at the Group level
perform assurance activities against the Flutter cyber risk and control framework. A dedicated, independent IT internal
audit team performs several audits each year on a risk-based approach to key and changing cyber risks. Internal audit's
audit plan frequently covers cyber domains such as: patch and vulnerability, cyber threat management, security incident
management, access management, network security, data loss prevention and business continuity planning. Agreed
improvements are tracked through to completion.
       We have specialist security teams located in key locations to respond to security incidents should they occur. We
maintain cyber insurance to further reduce the consequences of certain types of incidents, and we disclose material
incidents to relevant regulatory bodies. We have third-party providers who provide real-time and proactive threat and
intelligence and retainer services that assist in forensics and incident support alongside retained legal counsel services.
      As cybersecurity threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to
continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security
vulnerabilities.
       At this time, no risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, have
materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company, including our business strategy, results of
operations, or financial condition. That said, as discussed more fully under “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” the sophistication of
cyber threats continues to increase, and we cannot assure that our systems and processes will be successful, that we will be
able to anticipate or detect all cyberattacks or other breaches, that we will be able to react to cyberattacks or other breaches
in a timely manner or that our remediation efforts will be successful.

Governance
Role of Management
      The Group Chief Information Security Officer (“Global CISO”) oversees the Group’s cybersecurity program,
providing strategic direction and coordination across the Group and its divisions. This includes oversight of security
operations, client data protection, cyber risk management and risk reduction initiatives, risk assurance activities, and
incident response and reporting across the Group. Our Global CISO has over 20 years of extensive experience in cyber
security domains and in senior leadership roles in the financial, media and government sectors. Our Global CISO reports to
our Chief Information Officer (“CIO”) and is supported by divisional information security teams, including over 250
cybersecurity specialists, responsible for identifying, assessing and managing cybersecurity risks within their respective
businesses in accordance with Group policies and standards. Material cybersecurity incidents and risks are escalated
through defined reporting protocols to the Global CISO and CIO in accordance with the Group’s governance processes.
      To provide transparency and track the continuous management of cybersecurity risks across the Group, a council of
divisional directors of information security, chaired by our Global CISO, meets regularly and forms the membership of the
Global Cyber Council (“GCC”). The GCC meets regularly to review the Group’s cybersecurity risk profile, threat
landscape, key risk indicators, significant incidents and remediation activities, and to set collective priorities for all brands.

Role of the Board
      The Board oversees cyber security risk as part of its overall risk management framework, with specific oversight
provided by Risk and Sustainability Committee.
       The Risk and Sustainability Committee is responsible for the review and oversight of issues related to the key
technology risks facing the Company, including, but not limited to, the Company’s programs, policies, practices and
safeguards for information technology, data privacy and protection, cybersecurity and fraud, identification, assessment,
monitoring, mitigation and the overall management of those risks, and the Company’s cyberattack incident response and
recovery plan. The Risk and Sustainability Committee receives regular updates from the Global CISO and CIO on, among
other things, our divisional and Group-wide cyber risks, divisional progress on cyber initiatives, external insights, incident
updates and post incident reviews, our cyber strategy and our views of the emerging threat landscape.
      In addition, the Board receives regular updates via the Chair of the Risk and Sustainability Committee and various
management committees, including Group internal audit, Group Risk and Group internal controls, and annual updates from
the Global CISO and CIO on the state of cybersecurity across the Group. We have protocols by which cybersecurity
incidents that meet established reporting thresholds are escalated within the Company and, where appropriate, reported
promptly to the Board.




                                                                46
Table of Contents


Item 2.        Properties
       Our principal executive office is located in leased office space in New York. We also have 75 other offices in North
America, South America, Europe, Australia, Asia and Africa, and the majority are leased. Additionally, we have 1,127
retail shops in ten jurisdictions (Armenia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Georgia, Italy, Ireland, Montenegro, North Macedonia,
Serbia, the United Kingdom, and the United States), 13 of which are owned by us, and the remainder of which are leased or
subject to revenue share agreements, depending on the jurisdiction. We are not aware of any environmental issues or other
constraints that would materially impact the intended use of our facilities. While we may require additional space and
facilities as our business expands, we believe that our current facilities are adequate to meet our current needs.

Item 3.        Legal Proceedings
      We are, and from time to time may become, subject to litigation and various legal proceedings, including litigation
and proceedings related to competition and antitrust, intellectual property, privacy, consumer protection, accessibility
claims, securities, tax, advertising practices, labor and employment, commercial disputes and services, as well as
shareholder derivative suits, class action lawsuits, actions from former employees, suits involving governmental authorities
and other matters, that involve claims for substantial amounts of money or for other relief or that might necessitate changes
to our business or operations. Please see Note 21 “Commitments and Contingencies” to the consolidated financial
statements included in Part II, “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report, which is
incorporated by reference into this Item 3.

Item 4.        Mine Safety Disclosures
      Not applicable.




                                                             47
Table of Contents


                                                          PART II

Item 5.      Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of
Equity Securities
Market Information
      The Company’s ordinary shares were registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and began trading on
the NYSE (our principal United States trading market) under the symbol “FLUT,” on January 29, 2024. Prior to that date,
no securities of the Company were registered under the Exchange Act. The Company’s principal foreign public trading
market for the Company’s ordinary shares is the London Stock Exchange, where the Company’s ordinary shares are traded
under the symbol “FLTR.”

Holders
      As of February 16, 2026, there were 2,608 holders of record of our ordinary shares. This does not include the number
of shareholders that hold shares in “street name” through banks or broker-dealers.

Dividends
       The declaration, amount and payment of any future dividends on our ordinary shares will be at the sole discretion of
our Board. Our Board may take into account general and economic conditions, our financial condition and results of
operations, our available cash and current and anticipated cash needs, leverage levels, capital requirements, contractual,
legal, tax and regulatory restrictions and implications on the payment of dividends by us to our shareholders or by our
subsidiaries to us and such other factors as our Board may deem relevant. In addition, as an Irish-incorporated company,
our ability to pay dividends is dependent on the extent to which we have sufficient reserves available for distribution, and
on the other limitations contained in the Irish Companies Act.
       We have not paid dividends on our ordinary shares since May 2020. While we do not currently have any specific
plans to pay dividends, we expect that the Group’s projected cash generation will permit us to return to shareholders capital
that cannot be effectively deployed in organic investment or value creative M&A. In September 2024, we announced a
share repurchase program to repurchase up to $5 billion of ordinary shares from shareholders. The program does not have a
fixed expiration date but is expected to be deployed over the next several years, consistent with our capital allocation
priorities. See, Part II, “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Share Repurchases.”

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities
     None

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers
      The following table provides information about acquisitions of Flutter’s ordinary shares by Flutter during the fourth
quarter of 2025:

Period                                        Total Number          Weighted            Total Number        Maximum
                                                    of            Average Price           of Shares       Dollar Amount
                                                 Shares           Paid Per Share        Purchased as      of Shares That
                                              Purchased (1)             (2)            Part of Publicly    May Yet Be
                                                                                         Announced          Purchased
                                                                                           Plans or          Under the
                                                                                         Programs (1)       Program (1)

October 1, 2025 to October 31, 2025                    852,400                242.67           852,400 $ 3,918,115,784
November 1, 2025 to November 30, 2025                  164,736                231.58           164,736 $ 3,879,289,754
December 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025                        0                     0                 0 $ 3,879,289,754
Total                                               1,017,136                 240.87         1,017,136

(1) On September 25, 2024, our Board authorized a share repurchase program (the "2024 Share Repurchase Program") of
up to $5 billion of our ordinary shares. The 2024 Share Repurchase Program does not have a fixed expiration date.
(2) Average price per share excludes any excise tax.


                                                             48
Table of Contents


Performance Graph
      The following performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of
Section 18 of the Exchange Act, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any of our other filings under
the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.
      The graph below compares the cumulative total shareholder return on our ordinary shares since we began trading on
the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “FLUT,” on January 29, 2024 to the total returns of the S&P 500 Index
and the S&P 500 Consumer Discretionary Index. The comparative returns, shown in the graph below, assume the
investment of $100 in our ordinary share, the S&P 500 Index, and the S&P 500 Consumer Discretionary Index on January
29, 2024.




    The share price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance.

Irish Law Matters
      As we are an Irish incorporated company, the following matters of Irish law are relevant to the holders of our
ordinary shares.




                                                            49
Table of Contents


Irish Restrictions on the Import and Export of Capital
      There are no legislative or other provisions currently in force in Ireland or arising under our Articles that restrict the
payment of dividends or distributions to holders of our ordinary shares not resident in Ireland, except for Irish laws and
regulations that restrict the remittance of dividends, distributions and other payments in compliance with the Security
Council of the United Nations, the European Union (and any of its members), the United Kingdom and the United States of
America sanctions laws. The Financial Transfers Act 1992 does confer a statutory power on the Minister for Finance of
Ireland to restrict financial transfers between Ireland and other countries and persons. Financial transfers are broadly
defined and include all transfers that would be movements of capital or payments within the meaning of the treaties
governing the member states of the European Union. To date, the Minister for Finance of Ireland has restricted financial
transfers between Ireland and a number of third countries and the list is subject to on-going change. The acquisition or
disposal of interests in shares issued by an Irish incorporated company and associated payments falls within this definition.
In addition, dividends or payments on redemption or purchase of shares and payments on a liquidation of an Irish
incorporated company would fall within this definition.

Irish Taxes Applicable to U.S. Holders
      Irish Tax on Dividends
      Dividend withholding tax (“DWT”) at a rate of 25% can apply to distributions on our ordinary shares unless an
exemption is available. Distributions paid in respect of our ordinary shares that are owned by a U.S. resident and held
through DTC will not be subject to DWT provided the address of the beneficial owner of such ordinary shares in the
records of the broker holding such ordinary shares is in the United States (and such broker has further transmitted the
relevant information to a qualifying intermediary appointed by us). Distributions paid in respect of our ordinary shares that
are owned by a U.S. resident and held directly will not be subject to DWT provided the beneficial owner of such ordinary
shares has provided our transfer agent with a completed IRS Form 6166 prior to payment of the distribution.
      Irish Tax on Capital Gains
       U.S. resident holders of our ordinary shares (who do not hold their shares in connection with a trade carried on by
them in Ireland) will not be subject to Irish capital gains tax on a disposal of the ordinary shares so long as they remain
listed on a recognized stock exchange. A shareholder who is an individual and who is temporarily not resident in Ireland
may, under Irish anti-avoidance legislation, still be liable for Irish tax on capital gains on any chargeable gain realized upon
the disposal of our ordinary shares during the period in which such individual is a non-resident.
      Capital Acquisitions Tax
       CAT at a rate of 33% could apply to a gift or inheritance of our ordinary shares, irrespective of the place of
residence, ordinary residence or domicile of the parties. This is because our ordinary shares are regarded as property
situated in Ireland. The person who receives the gift or inheritance has primary liability for CAT. CAT is levied at a rate of
33% above certain tax-free thresholds. The appropriate tax-free threshold is dependent upon (i) the relationship between
the donor and the donee; and (ii) the aggregation of the values of previous gifts and inheritances received by the donee
from persons within the same category of relationship for CAT purposes. Gifts and inheritances passing between spouses
are exempt from CAT.
      Stamp Duty
       Irish stamp duty may be payable on transfers of our ordinary shares (currently at the rate of 1% of the price paid or
the market value of the ordinary shares acquired, if greater). Transfers of our ordinary shares effected by means of the
transfer of book-entry interests in DTC will not be subject to Irish stamp duty. A transfer of our ordinary shares where any
party to the transfer holds such ordinary shares outside of DTC, or the transfer is effected other than by means of the
transfer of book-entry interests in DTC (such as transfers through the CREST system), may be subject to Irish stamp duty.
In such circumstances, while the payment of Irish stamp duty is primarily a legal obligation of the transferee, when shares
are purchased on the NYSE, the purchaser will require the stamp duty to be borne by the transferor.
      Holders of our ordinary shares wishing to transfer their ordinary shares into (or out of) DTC may do so without
giving rise to Irish stamp duty provided that:
        •    there is no change in the beneficial ownership of such shares as a result of the transfer; and
        •    the transfer into (or out of) DTC is not effected in contemplation of a sale of such shares by a beneficial
             owner to a third party.

Our shareholders should consult their own tax advisers as to any tax consequences of holding our ordinary shares.




                                                              50
Table of Contents


Item 6.        [Reserved]

Item 7.        Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
      You should read the following discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of Flutter
Entertainment plc and its consolidated subsidiaries in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related
notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and
uncertainties about our business and operations. Our actual results and the timing of selected events may differ materially
from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those we describe
under “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Annual Report. See “Cautionary Statement About Forward-Looking
Statements.”

Our Business
      Flutter is the world’s leading online sports betting and iGaming operator based on revenue. Our ambition is to change
our industry for the better and deliver long-term growth while also achieving a positive, sustainable future for all our
stakeholders. We are well-placed to do so through the global competitive advantages of the Flutter Edge, which provides
our brands with access to group-wide benefits to stay ahead of the competition, while maintaining a clear vision for
sustainability through our Positive Impact Plan.
      We are the industry leader by size with 15.9 million AMPs and $16,383 million of revenue globally for fiscal 2025.
See “—Key Operational Metrics” below for additional information regarding how we calculate AMPs data, including a
discussion regarding duplication of players that exists in such data.
       Our strategy involves expanding our Group’s player base and growing player value through product innovation and
efficient player incentive spend, while also increasing the efficiency of our marketing investment and operating leverage to
deliver high net income (loss) margins and Adjusted EBITDA Margins.
       We believe that we are well-positioned to capitalize on the future long-term growth of the markets we operate in due
to the following:
              Access to significant market opportunity: Long runway of future growth expected as additional U.S. states
              legalize sports betting and iGaming. Outside of the U.S., the market is already very large and continues to
              grow.
             Diversified product and geographic portfolio at scale: We operate in a wide range of markets and offer a
             broad range of products. This level of diversification gives us exposure to fast-growing markets, and we also
             believe that it mitigates the impact on the overall Group of regulatory or other changes in individual markets.
             As a scale operator, we benefit from the “flywheel effect” where higher revenue growth enables greater
             operating leverage. This in turn enables us to invest more in our products and player proposition.
             The Flutter Edge: We refer to our Group’s global differentiator across product, technology, expertise and
             scale provided by empowering our local hero brands with the benefits of a global leader as the “Flutter
             Edge.” It represents the symbiotic relationship between our teams and divisions, with all contributing to and
             benefitting from the Flutter Edge.
             Optimal strategy to deliver success: We have a clearly defined Group strategy to enable us to deliver on our
             strategic priorities:
                    Win in the U.S. by (i) extending FanDuel Sportsbook's lead as the primary sportsbook in the U.S., (ii)
                    cementing FanDuel Casino's position as the #1 casino brand and operator by gross gaming revenue and
                    (iii) extend and deepen customer engagement through our Flywheel businesses, and (iv) transforming
                    our earnings profile through operating leverage. We believe that we have a sustainable winning strategy
                    driven by (i) the most efficient acquisition engine, (ii) a superior product proposition, (iii) a world class
                    generosity proposition, and (iv) the best pricing in the market, enabled by our leading talent,
                    technology and data platform and enhanced approach to government and public affairs. In addition,
                    prediction markets are a significant incremental growth opportunity for FanDuel. We believe prediction
                    markets will be TAM expansive; broadening reach by bringing sports markets to the approximately
                    40% of the U.S. population who cannot currently access online regulated sportsbooks, and by accessing
                    a much broader range of “entertainment-first” customers. We are exceptionally well positioned to
                    harness this opportunity given the nationwide strength of the FanDuel brand and our sports betting
                    expertise, our deep understanding of this space gained through operating the Betfair Exchange, and our
                    powerful strategic partnership with CME Group.




                                                              51
Table of Contents


                     Win in rest of world by (i) consolidating our gold medal position in core markets, (ii) grow local hero
                     brands through a combination of organic investment and M&A and (iii) enhance the earnings profile
                     through diversification and cost efficiencies.

     Opportunity for long-term growth through our financial growth engine

      We believe that we are well-positioned to capitalize on the future long-term growth of the markets we operate in,
through our financial growth engine. This is built on:

       •     Sustainable revenue growth: We seek to expand the Group’s player base and grow player value through
             product innovation and efficient player incentive spend. We believe that there are significant revenue growth
             opportunities for both our U.S. and International businesses. Our U.S. business has grown revenue by 20%,
             from $5,798 million in fiscal 2024 to $6,967 million in fiscal 2025. FanDuel is also expanding into the newly
             emerging prediction markets space in the U.S. which we believe will provide an incremental opportunity for
             growth. Our International segment has grown revenue by 14%, from $8,250 million in fiscal 2024 to $9,416
             million in fiscal 2025, and we believe that our International markets, which include UKI, Australia, Italy,
             Türkiye, Georgia, Armenia, Spain, Serbia, Morocco, and Brazil, provide the platform for continued high
             levels of future growth.
       •     Margin benefits: We seek to increase the efficiency of our marketing investment and operating leverage to
             deliver high net income (loss) margins and Adjusted EBITDA Margins. The Group’s net income (loss)
             margins and Adjusted EBITDA Margins have been negatively impacted in recent years by significant
             investments in marketing and customer acquisition in the U.S. segment. As we deliver against our U.S.
             strategy, the net income (loss) margin and Adjusted EBITDA Margin of the U.S. segment have improved and
             we expect this trajectory to continue and drive further improvement in our consolidated net income (loss)
             margin and Adjusted EBITDA Margin over time.
       •     Significant cashflow generation: Although acquisitions have resulted in increased long-term debt in recent
             years, we believe that our disciplined capital allocation policy provides the flexibility to respond effectively to
             evolving market conditions and emerging opportunities. In 2026, we will prioritize significant capital
             deployment across both organic investment in our core business and strategic investment in the newly
             emerged prediction markets opportunity. Profit growth and cash generation is expected to continue to drive
             leverage reduction and unlock capital allocation opportunities for the Group. As of the end of fiscal 2025 and
             2024, we had total long-term debt of $12,266 million and $6,736 million, respectively.
       •     Disciplined capital allocation: We aim to create long-term value through disciplined capital allocation,
             including:
             (i)     Disciplined organic investment: We believe that our player acquisition cost, lifetime value and player
                     relationship management models and algorithms provide a disciplined evaluation framework enabling
                     high returns from our investment in player growth and retention.
             (ii)    Value creative M&A: We have clear criteria for acquiring bolt-on, “local-hero” brands, with podium
                     (i.e. top-three) positions in high-growth markets. These local heroes are then complemented in the
                     post-acquisition period by the benefits of the Flutter Edge. Our acquisitions of FanDuel, Adjarabet,
                     tombola, Sisal, MaxBet, Snai and NSX are examples of this strategy. We believe that there remains
                     significant further M&A potential to add market-leading businesses in regulated markets where the
                     Group does not currently have a presence.
             (iii)   Returns to shareholders: We expect that the Group’s projected cash generation will permit us to
                     return to shareholders capital that cannot be effectively deployed in organic investment or value
                     creative M&A. We have announced a share repurchase program through which we expect to return up
                     to $5 billion to shareholders. We remain committed to returning capital to shareholders in line with our
                     longer-term policy. However, we are adopting a more flexible approach in the near term to
                     accommodate strategic investment priorities. As of December 31, 2025, we have completed $1.1
                     billion of this share repurchase program. See “— Liquidity and Capital Resources” below for
                     additional information regarding the share repurchase program.
      We had a net (loss) income per share of $(1.75), $0.24 and $(6.89) for fiscal 2025, fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023,
respectively.
      The combination of margin benefits, cashflow generation and disciplined capital allocation is expected to drive
earnings per share growth and long-term value creation.




                                                              52
Table of Contents


Our Products and Geographies
      Our principal products include sportsbook, iGaming and other products, such as exchange betting, pari-mutuel
wagering, DFS and prediction markets product offerings in the U.S. For fiscal 2025, 53% of our revenue was derived from
sportsbook, 44% of our revenue was derived from iGaming, and 3% of our revenue was derived from other products, while
88% of our revenue at the Group level was generated from our online businesses. Our online operations are complemented
by 1,127 retail shops, mainly in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Italy and Serbia. In each market, we typically offer sports
betting, iGaming, or both, depending on the regulatory conditions of that market.
       We operated a divisional management and operating structure across our geographic markets. Each division has an
empowered management team responsible for maintaining the momentum and growth in their respective geographic
markets. Effective from the first quarter of fiscal 2025, the Company updated its internal reporting, including the
information provided to the chief operating decision maker to assess segment performance and allocate resources, and, as a
result, updated its reportable segments for fiscal 2025.
     The Company reports its consolidated financial statements based on two reportable segments:
         •        U.S.; and
         •        International (which includes what was formerly our UKI, International and Australia segments),
     Segment results for fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 have been revised to reflect the change in reportable segments.
     See Part I, “Item 1. Business—Our Business” for additional information regarding our products and geographies.
Non-GAAP Measures
      We report our financial results in this Annual Report in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the U.S. (“GAAP”); however, management believes that certain non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with
useful information to supplement our financial operating performance in accordance with GAAP. We believe Adjusted
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, both on a Group-wide basis and segment basis, provide visibility to the
performance of our business by excluding the impact of certain income or gains and expenses or losses. Additionally, we
believe these metrics are widely used by investors, securities analysts, ratings agencies and others in our industry in
evaluating performance.
      Beginning January 1, 2024, the Group revised its definition of Adjusted EBITDA, which is the segment measure that
management uses to evaluate performance and allocate resources. Adjusted EBITDA now excludes share-based
compensation as management believes including share-based compensation can obscure underlying business trends as
share-based compensation could vary widely among companies due to differing plans that result in companies using share-
based compensation awards differently, both in type and quantity of awards granted.
     Segment results for the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, have been revised to reflect the change in operating
segment measurement and change in operating segment composition.
      Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are not liquidity measures and should not be considered as
discretionary cash available to us to reinvest in the growth of our business, or to distribute to shareholders, or as a measure
of cash that will be available to us to meet our obligations.
      Our non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly-titled measures used by other companies,
have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation. Additionally, we do not consider our non-
GAAP financial measures as superior to, or a substitute for, the equivalent measures calculated and presented in
accordance with GAAP.
      To evaluate our business properly and prudently, we encourage you to review the consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this Annual Report, and not rely on a single financial measure to evaluate our business. We also
strongly urge you to review the reconciliations between our most directly comparable financial measures calculated in
accordance with GAAP measures and our non-GAAP measures set forth in “—Supplemental Disclosure of Non-GAAP
Measures” below.




                                                              53
Table of Contents


Key Operational Metrics
       AMPs is defined as the average over the applicable reporting period of the total number of players who have had a
bet settled and/or contributed to the rake or tournament fees during the month. This measure does not include individuals
who have only used new player or player retention incentives, and this measure is for online players only and excludes
retail player activity.
      We present AMPs for each of our product categories, for each of our segments and for the consolidated Group as a
whole as we believe this provides useful information for assessing underlying trends. At the product category level, a
player is generally counted as one AMP for each product category they use. In circumstances where a player uses multiple
product categories within one brand, we are generally able to identify that it is the same player who is using multiple
product categories and therefore count this player as only one AMP at each of the segment and Group levels while also
counting this player as one AMP for each separate product category that the player is using. For example, a player who
uses FanDuel Sportsbook in the sportsbook product category and FanDuel Casino in the iGaming product category, in each
case within the U.S. segment, would appropriately count as one AMP for each of the sportsbook product category and the
iGaming product category but only as one AMP for the U.S. segment and one AMP for the Group as a whole. As a result,
the sum of the AMPs presented at the product category level in each of our U.S. and International segments, where we
offer multiple product categories, is greater than the total AMPs presented at the segment level. For example, we reported
within our U.S. segment for fiscal 2025, AMPs of 3.3 million for our sportsbook product category, AMPs of 1.0 million for
our iGaming product category and AMPs of 0.5 million for our other product category, while reporting AMPs for our U.S.
segment of 4.0 million (which figure is lower than the sum of 4.7 million that would be calculated by adding AMPs
presented at the product category levels). Because the AMPs we present for the consolidated Group as a whole simply
represent the sum of the AMPs we present for each of our segments, the sum of the AMPs we present for each of our
product categories at the Group level will also exceed the total AMPs we present for the consolidated Group as a whole.
       Notwithstanding the methodology described in the immediately preceding paragraph, our AMPs information is based
on player data collected by each of our brands, which generally each employ their own unique data platform, and reflects a
level of duplication that arises from individuals who use multiple brands. More specifically, we are generally unable to
identify when the same individual player is using multiple brands, and we therefore count this player multiple times. For
example, a player who uses Sky Betting & Gaming Sportsbook in the sportsbook product category and Paddy Power
Casino in the iGaming product category, in each case within the International segment, would appropriately count as one
AMP for each of the sportsbook product category and the iGaming product category; however, this player would also count
as two AMPs (rather than one AMP) for the International segment and two AMPs (rather than one AMP) for the Group as
a whole. In addition, a player who uses Sky Betting & Gaming Sportsbook in the sportsbook product category and Paddy
Power Sportsbook in the sportsbook product category, in each case within the International segment, would count as two
AMPs (rather than one AMP) for the sportsbook product category, two AMPs (rather than one AMP) for the International
segment and two AMPs (rather than one AMP) for the Group as a whole. We are unable to quantify the level of duplication
that arises as a result of these circumstances, but do not believe it to be material and note that it arises primarily in our UKI
region, where we offer multiple successful brands within multiple product categories, but where we believe that most
players tend to utilize only one brand given each brand has its own separate registration system and player platform.
      In addition to the duplication that arises when the same individual player is using multiple brands as described in the
immediately preceding paragraph, we do not eliminate from the AMPs information presented for the Group as a whole
duplication of individual players who use our product offerings within our segments during the reported period. For
example, a player who uses Betfair Casino in the iGaming product category within the U.K. and Sisal Sports in the
sportsbook product category in Italy would appropriately count as one AMP for each of the iGaming product category and
the sportsbook product category. However, this player would count as two AMPs (rather than one AMP) for the
International segment and the Group as a whole. We are unable to quantify the level of duplication that arises as a result of
these circumstances, but do not believe it to be material and note that players must demonstrate residency within the
geography covered by a segment to sign up for an account, and accordingly such duplication could only arise in the
circumstance of an individual player having one or more residences in each of our segments.
      We do not believe that the existence of player duplication as described in the previous two paragraphs undercuts the
meaningfulness of the AMPs data that we present for assessing underlying trends in our business, and our management
uses this AMPs data for this purpose.
       Stakes represent the total amount our players wagered in sportsbook and is a key volume indicator for our sportsbook
products. The variability of sporting outcomes can result in an impact to sportsbook revenue that may obscure underlying
trends in the sportsbook business relating to growth in amounts wagered and, accordingly, staking data can provide
additional useful information. We do not utilize staking information to track performance of our iGaming products.
Because our iGaming business is not subject to the same variability in outcomes, management is able to assess trends in
our iGaming business by analyzing AMPs and revenue changes, without the need to collect or analyze stakes and believes
that collecting and analyzing stakes data in our iGaming business would not provide meaningful incremental information



                                                               54
Table of Contents


regarding trends in such business that is not already provided by collecting and analyzing our iGaming AMPs and revenue
data.
      Sportsbook net revenue margin is defined as sportsbook revenue as a percentage of the amount staked. This is a key
indicator for measuring the combined impact of our overall margin on sportsbook products and levels of bonusing.
Acquisitions and Disposals
      In certain periods under discussion below, we have entered into acquisitions and disposals. This approach is
consistent with our business strategy of investing to build leadership positions in regulated markets globally. We intend to
make similar investments in the future in attractive, fast-growing markets where growing our business organically is
typically slower or more difficult to achieve. These acquisitions and disposals affect various aspects of our results of
operations and either increase or decrease our results of operations for the periods in which their results are combined with
(or removed from) our consolidated financial statements. Acquisitions, in particular, can involve significant investments to
integrate the business of the acquired company with our business, and such costs may vary significantly from period to
period. Accordingly, the impact of acquisitions and divestments may result in our financial information for such periods
being less comparable to, or not being comparable at all, to prior financial periods.
      The acquisitions and disposals that we completed in fiscal 2024 and 2025 are noted below:
        •     On July 31, 2025, the Group completed the transaction with Boyd Gaming Corporation to acquire the
              redeemable non-controlling interest of 5% held by Boyd Interactive Holdings L.L.C. (“Boyd”) in FanDuel
              Group Parent LLC (“FanDuel”) for a consideration of $1,553 million and terminated certain existing market
              access and retail agreements for an amount of $205 million. The Group also entered into new collaboration
              and market access agreements with Boyd. The acquisition brings the Group’s holding in FanDuel to 100%
              (subject to the Fox Option).
        •     On May 14, 2025, we completed the acquisition of a 56% interest in NSX Group (“NSX”), a leading
              Brazilian operator of the Betnacional brand for a total consideration of BRL 3,799 million ($674 million)
              comprising of a provisional cash consideration of approximately BRL 1,961 million ($348 million), with a
              redemption mechanism in the form of call and put options which allows us to acquire the remaining interest
              in NSX in year five and year ten following the date of acquisition. NSX is included in the International
              segment from the date of acquisition.
        •     On April 30, 2025, we completed the acquisition of 100% of the outstanding shares of Pluto (Italia) S.p.A, the
              holding company that owns Snaitech S.p.A (“Snai”), one of Italy’s leading omni-channel operators in the
              sports betting and iGaming market, for consideration of approximately €2.3 billion ($2.6 billion). Snai is
              included in the International segment from the date of acquisition.
        •     In January 2024, we acquired an initial 51% controlling stake in MaxBet, a leading omni-channel sports
              betting and gaming operator in Serbia for cash consideration of €131 million ($143 million). The share
              purchase agreement includes call and put options to acquire the remaining 49% stake in 2029.
Trends and Factors Affecting Our Future Performance
      Significant trends and factors that we believe may affect our future performance include the items noted below. For a
further discussion of trends, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our operating results see “Item 1A. Risk
Factors.”
Industry Opportunity and Competitive Landscape
      We operate within the global sports betting and iGaming market and offer a wide range of innovative products
through a portfolio of Flutter brands. Our strategic objectives are to (i) extend our leadership position in the U.S. and (ii)
win leadership positions in the rest of our global markets. We believe our unparalleled portfolio of products, diversified
geographic footprint and the benefit of the combined power of the Group, which we refer to as the Flutter Edge, provide
our key competitive advantages which empower Flutter’s brands to deliver sustainable value in this market.
       The sports betting and iGaming market is becoming increasingly competitive. This competition takes place at both a
local and an international level. Operators attract players to their apps and websites with the implication that the barriers to
a player switching between competing operators are low. We believe our competitive advantages provided by the Flutter
Edge equip our brands with access to talent, technology, product and capital, which, in turn, position us well to capture
market share in the future.




                                                               55
Table of Contents


      We are also closely monitoring developments around prediction markets, including among other things heightened
competition, actions by state regulators, actions by the CFTC, legal proceedings and potential opportunities for FanDuel.
We have launched our FanDuel Predicts product in the U.S., developed in partnership with CME Group. The staggered
launch began in December 2025 and continued into January 2026. Customers can now access financial contracts markets
nationwide, while sports event contracts are available in 18 states, including California, Florida, and Texas.
Regulatory Environment
      We operate in a highly regulated industry, where laws and legislations are ever-changing. On the one hand, this
provides us with opportunities for expansion of our footprint into new markets. For example, in the U.S., we launched our
online sportsbook products in Ohio and Massachusetts in fiscal 2023, Vermont, North Carolina and the District of
Columbia in fiscal 2024, and Puerto Rico and Missouri in fiscal 2025, following changes in state law.
       The regulatory environment can, however, also place limitations on the online and offline marketing channels or alter
the way in which players engage with our products in certain markets. For example, in India, the Promotion and Regulation
of Online Gaming Act, 2025 (the “Act”), which was passed by the Indian Parliament and received Presidential assent on
August 22, 2025, bans all forms of online real money gaming in India. As a result of the Act, from August 22, 2025,
Junglee ceased offering all real-money games in India. Further, in Brazil, on May 29, 2025, Brazil’s Senate approved a bill
implementing new rules to ban betting advertising during live sports broadcasts and prohibit the use of celebrities,
influencers, and active athletes in gambling promotions. The bill will now be deliberated in the Chamber of Deputies. In
addition, in Italy, an “advertising ban” has been in force since the beginning of 2019. This included a complete ban on
direct and indirect advertising, sponsorship, the use of “influencers” and all other forms of communications with
promotional content relating to games or betting with cash winnings. Any such bans on advertising could impact our ability
to offer our products and expand our customer base, thereby slowing our growth in these regions. Also, in UKI, regulatory
changes and responsible gambling initiatives being introduced by operators are also leading to slower market growth.
Significant changes in our ability to operate in a large betting or iGaming market in the future or a number of smaller
betting or iGaming markets which collectively are material, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors—Adverse changes to the regulation of online betting and
iGaming, or their interpretation by regulators, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations” and “Item 1A. Risk Factors—Our success may be impacted by restrictions on our ongoing ability to
market to our customers in certain jurisdictions”.
      The diversified nature of the Group’s revenue streams, from both a geographic and product perspective, help mitigate
the impact of any single adverse regulatory change, while also providing access to markets with different growth profiles.
Key Components of Revenue and Expenses
Revenue
      We are engaged in the business of digital sports entertainment and gaming, earning revenue from a variety of sports
betting and gaming products. Our main revenue streams are as below.
      Sportsbook
       Sportsbook involves the player placing a bet (wager) on various types of sporting events at fixed odds determined by
the Group. Bets are made in advance of the sporting event that will determine the outcome of the wager. The player places
their bet in the custody of the Group until the event occurs and the result of the sporting event is determined. Our revenue
represents the net win or loss from the outcome of a sporting event, net of new player incentives and player retention
incentives.
      iGaming
      iGaming consists of a full suite of casino games, such as roulette, blackjack, slot games, bingo and rummy, along
with poker and lottery products. Casino games involve players placing wagers to play an online game against the Group.
Our revenue represents the net win or loss from a game, net of new player incentives and player retention incentives.
      Online poker is a peer-to-peer game offered through multiple platforms within the Group where individuals engage
in gameplay against other individuals, and not against the Group. The Group collects a percentage of a game’s wagers up to
a capped amount in ring games and a tournament entry fee for scheduled tournaments and sit and go tournaments.
      The Group is a lottery operator in Italy and has a wide-ranging portfolio of draw-based (National Numeric Totalizer
Gaming products) and instant lottery games that are distributed through affiliated sales points both offline and online. The
Group earns a fixed percentage of the collection made through its distribution network. Revenue from draw-based games is
recognized upon the execution of the draw. The Group earns a reseller commission where products are distributed through
its websites and apps and a facility fee where products are distributed through its affiliated sales points.




                                                             56
Table of Contents


      Other Revenue
      Exchange Betting
       The Group’s Betfair Exchange offers a platform for players to bet on the outcome of discrete events, typically sports
or racing events. Players bet against each other and not against the Group. The Group earns a commission on the players
winnings, net of discount which vary based on a player’s betting activity.
      Pari-mutuel Wagering
      Pari-mutuel wagers are sent into commingled pools at the host racetrack and are subject to all host racetrack rules
and restrictions. Revenue represents a percentage of the wager from pari-mutuel wagers on horse and greyhound races,
which depends on the racetrack, type of wager accepted and the associated state regulations.
      Other
      The Group also generates revenue from its DFS platform, consultancy and support services to the casinos that
operate live poker tours and events, various sponsorships and interest on player deposits.
Cost of Sales
       Cost of sales primarily consists of gaming taxes, license fees, platform costs directly associated with revenue-
generating activities (including those costs that were originally capitalized for internally developed software) payments to
third parties for providing market access, royalty fees for the use of casino games, payment processing fees, direct costs of
sponsorships, usage costs (including data services), revenue share payments made to third parties that refer players to the
platform, payments for geolocation services of online players and amortization of certain capitalized development costs
related to our platforms. Cost of sales also includes compensation, employee benefits and share-based compensation of
revenue-associated personnel, including technology personnel engaged in the maintenance of the platforms. It also includes
property costs and utility costs for retail stores.
Technology, Research and Development Expenses
       Technology, research and development expenses include compensation, employee benefits and share-based
compensation for technology developers and product management employees as well as fees paid to outside consultants
and other technology related service providers. These expenses are not directly associated with revenue generating
activities and are intended to improve and facilitate the player experience, ensuring the quality and safety of the player
experience on our online sports betting and iGaming platform and protecting and maintaining our reputation. It also
includes depreciation and amortization related to computer equipment and software used in the above activities together
with equipment lease expenses, connectivity expenses, office facilities and office facility maintenance costs related to the
above activities.
Sales and Marketing Expenses
      Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of expenses associated with advertising, sponsorships, market
research, promotional activities, amortization of trademarks and customer relations, and the compensation and employee
benefits of sales and marketing personnel, including share-based compensation expenses. Advertising costs are expensed as
incurred and are included in sales and marketing expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
(Loss).
General and Administrative Expenses
      General and administrative expenses include compensation, employee benefits and share-based compensation for
executive management, finance administration, legal and compliance, human resources, facility costs, professional service
fees and other general overhead costs, including depreciation and amortization.
Goodwill impairment
      Goodwill impairment loss is recorded when the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount.
Other Income (Expense), Net
      Other income (expense), net includes foreign exchange gain/(loss) on financing instruments associated with
financing activities, changes in the fair value of the Fox Option, investments, derivative instruments, contingent
considerations, gain/(loss) on disposals and settlement of long-term debt.
Interest Expense, Net
       Interest expense, net includes interest expenses, unwinding of discounts on long-term debt and bank guarantees,
offset by interest income.




                                                             57
Table of Contents


Income Tax (Expense) Benefit
      Income tax (expense) benefit represents income tax (expense) benefit generated in jurisdictions where the Group
operates. Our effective tax rates will vary depending on the relative proportion of foreign to domestic income, interest,
penalties, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in unrecognized tax benefits and
changes in tax laws.
Operating Results
Operational and Financial Metrics for the Group
      The following table presents our AMPs for the Group, by total Group and by product category for fiscal 2025, 2024
and 2023:

                                                                                                                Fiscal
        AMPs (Amounts in thousands)                                                         2025                2024                2023
        Total Group AMPs 1                                                                    15,911              13,898              12,325
        Group AMPs by Product Category 1
         Sportsbook                                                                             9,009               8,365               7,383
         iGaming                                                                                8,218               6,697               5,718
         Other                                                                                  1,605               1,366               1,413

(1)   In circumstances where a player uses multiple product categories within one brand, we are generally able to identify that it is the same player who
      is using multiple product categories and therefore count this player as only one AMP at the Group level while also counting this player as one
      AMP for each separate product category that the player is using. As a result, the sum of the AMPs presented at the product category level
      presented above is greater than the total AMPs presented at the Group level. AMPs presented above reflects a level of duplication that arises from
      individuals who use multiple brands or use product offerings in multiple segments. See “—Key Operational Metrics” above for additional
      information regarding how we calculate AMPs data, including a discussion regarding duplication of players that exists in such data.

     The following table presents a summary of our financial results for the periods indicated and is derived from our
consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023:

                                                                                                                Fiscal
        (Amounts in $ millions, except percentages)                                         2025                2024                2023
        Revenue                                                                       $     16,383    $         14,048   $          11,790
         Cost of Sales                                                                      (8,979)             (7,346)             (6,202)
        Gross profit                                                                  $      7,404    $          6,702   $           5,588
         Technology, research and development expenses                                        (991)               (820)               (765)
         Sales and marketing expenses                                                       (3,678)             (3,205)             (3,776)
         General and administrative expenses                                                (2,182)             (1,808)             (1,596)
         Goodwill impairment                                                                  (517)                 —                   —
        Operating profit (loss)                                                       $          36   $            869   $            (549)
         Other income (expense), net                                                           358                (434)               (157)
         Interest expense, net                                                                (515)               (419)               (385)
        Income (loss) before income taxes                                             $       (121) $               16   $          (1,091)
         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                         (286)                146                (120)
        Net (loss) income                                                             $       (407) $              162   $          (1,211)
        Net (loss) income margin 1                                                             (2.5)%              1.2 %             (10.3)%
        Adjusted EBITDA 2                                                             $      2,845    $          2,357   $           1,875
        Adjusted EBITDA Margin 2                                                              17.4 %              16.8 %              15.9 %

(1)   Net (loss) income margin is net (loss) income divided by revenue.
(2)   Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are non-GAAP financial measures. See “—Supplemental Disclosure of Non-GAAP Measures”
      for additional information about these measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance
      with GAAP.




                                                                          58
Table of Contents


      Fiscal 2025 Compared to Fiscal 2024
      Our total revenue grew by 17%, to $16,383 million for fiscal 2025 from $14,048 million for fiscal 2024, with AMPs
up 14% to 15.9 million. Revenue in our US segment increased by 20% period over period primarily due to scaling of our
U.S. business and strong growth in existing states (pre-2024 states). Revenue in our International segment increased by
14% period over period, primarily driven by the acquisitions of Snai and NSX, which were consolidated for the first time
during the second quarter of 2025 and contributed to a 13% increase in revenue period over period. In addition to the
acquisition benefit, our existing brands delivered strong momentum in iGaming with revenue increasing 9% period over
period, partially offset by a decrease in sportsbook revenue in our existing brands of 6% driven by (i) the prior period
containing the European Football Championships (“Euros”) and (ii) the impact of unfavorable sports results in the current
period compared to favorable sports results in the prior period.
        Cost of sales increased by 22%, to $8,979 million for fiscal 2025 from $7,346 million for fiscal 2024. Cost of sales as
a percentage of revenue increased period over period from 52% for fiscal 2024 to 55% for fiscal 2025. Cost of sales as
percentage of revenue in our U.S. segment decreased period over period by 100 basis points from 57.8% for fiscal 2024 to
56.8% for fiscal 2025 primarily driven by a 310 basis points benefit primarily from the period over period favorable change
in sports results and payment processing and other costs initiatives, partially offset by the impact of an increase in gaming
taxes of 210 basis points due to an increase in state taxes during 2025. Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue increased in
our International segment by 350 basis points with the acquisitions of Snai and NSX contributing 170 basis points of the
period over period increase. The remaining 180 basis points of the increase was primarily driven by (i) a continued shift in
revenue mix in favor of iGaming which incurs higher third party costs than sportsbook, (ii) an increase in gaming taxes in
CEE and Australia and (iii) the impact of adverse sports results. Additionally, there was a $107 million increase in
depreciation and amortization primarily due to (i) the acquisition of Snai, (ii) a change in estimate of asset useful lives and
(iii) increased capital expenditures in our U.S. segment.
      Technology, research and development expenses increased by 21%, to $991 million for fiscal 2025 from $820
million for fiscal 2024, primarily driven by (i) a $74 million increase in our U.S. segment primarily due to scaling of data
storage and processing costs and investment in talent, (ii) a $42 million dollar increase in corporate technology, research
and development expenses primarily driven by investment in Flutter Studios, (iii) a $21 million increase due to the
consolidation of Snai and NSX, (iv) a $16 million increase due to impairment of Junglee assets driven by the cessation of
operations in India in August 2025 and (v) an increase of $12 million in integration related expense primarily driven by the
large-scale migrations related to SkyBet and Pokerstars platform integrations in the current period compared to other
smaller migrations and integrations in the prior period. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in UKI of $33
million, primarily driven by our UKI efficiency program.
      Sales and marketing expenses increased by 15%, to $3,678 million for fiscal 2025 from $3,205 million for fiscal
2024. The increase in sales and marketing expenses was primarily driven by (i) a $284 million increase in amortization
period over period primarily due to acceleration of amortization resulting from a change in estimated useful lives in our
SkyBet and Pokerstars brands and amortization of acquired intangible assets from the Snai and NSX acquisitions and (ii) a
$16 million increase due to impairment of Junglee assets driven by the cessation of operations in India in August 2025. In
our U.S. segment, sales and marketing expenses increased by 3% period over period primarily driven by investment in the
Missouri state launch and our new FanDuel Predicts product in fiscal 2025 partially offset by investment in the North
Carolina launch in the prior year. As a percentage of revenue, sales and marketing expenses decreased by 310 basis points
period over period due to sustained operating leverage. In our International segment, sales and marketing expenses
increased by $126 million, or 9% period over period with the acquisitions of Snai and NSX contributing $188 million of
the increase. As a percentage of revenue sales and marketing expenses decreased by 80 basis points to 16.1% for fiscal
2025 due to (i) Euros related marketing expenses in the prior period and (ii) reduced marketing expense in APAC period
over period which more than offset (i) increased investment in Italy to support conversion of our retail customer base to
online and investment in lottery products and (ii) our growth plans in Türkiye and Brazil.
       General and administrative expenses increased by 21%, to $2,182 million for fiscal 2025 from $1,808 million for
fiscal 2024. The increase was primarily a result of (i) an increase in transaction costs of $170 million period over period
primarily driven by the market access termination payment as part of the Boyd transaction in fiscal 2025, offset by advisory
fees incurred in the prior year period related to the listing of Flutter’s ordinary shares in the U.S, (ii) an increase in
restructuring costs of $92 million period over period primarily driven by business process reengineering cost and cost
associated with our anticipated migration to a new enterprise resource planning system along with other restructuring,
acquisition integration and strategic initiatives to drive synergies, (iii) a $60 million increase due to the acquisitions of Snai
and NSX in fiscal 2025, (iv) an increase in share based compensation expenses of $42 million due to an increase in stock
price, timing of grants and number of grants awarded period over period and (v) an increase in general and administrative
expenses in our U.S. segment of $37 million due to growth in our US business. These increases were offset by a $58
million decrease in corporate general and administrative expenses driven by (i) lower bonus expense period over period
and (ii) a decrease in professional fees primarily driven by legal fees incurred in fiscal 2024 related to a historic legal case.




                                                               59
Table of Contents


      Goodwill impairment increased by $517 million period over period due to impairment of Junglee goodwill driven by
the cessation of operations in India in August 2025. See Note 10 “Goodwill” within the Consolidated Financial Statements
for additional information.
      Operating profit (loss) decreased by $833 million, to a profit of $36 million for fiscal 2025 from a profit of $869
million for fiscal 2024, as a result of the factors above.
     Other income (expense), net increased by $792 million to $358 million of income in fiscal 2025 from $434 million of
expense in fiscal 2024. This increase was primarily driven by (i) an increase in the fair value income of $726 million on the
Fox Option liability period over period and (ii) an increase in foreign exchange gain of $73 million period over period.
       Interest expense, net increased by $96 million, to $515 million for fiscal 2025 from $419 million for fiscal 2024,
primarily due to (i) a $149 million increase in interest expense arising from the issuance of (a) Bridge Credit Agreement
dated April 29, 2025, (b) Bridge Credit Agreement dated July 10, 2025, (c) the Senior Secured Notes due 2031 and (d) the
USD First Lien Term Loan B due 2032 during the current fiscal year and (ii) a $22 million increase in interest expense
driven by our Senior Secured Notes issued in April 2024 arising from an extra four months of interest being charged in
fiscal 2025. These increases were partially offset by a reduction in interest expense of $72 million primarily due to (i) a
reduced margin on the Term Loan B resulting from a repricing in fiscal 2025, and (ii) repayment of the EUR Term Loan B
in fiscal 2024.
      Income tax expense increased by $432 million to $286 million of income tax expense for fiscal 2025 from $146
million of income tax benefit for fiscal 2024. The movement was primarily due to: (i) a change in valuation allowance of
$246 million in fiscal 2024, whereas in fiscal 2025, there was a change in valuation allowance of $139 million, related to
U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets; (ii) deferred tax expense related to the PokerStars internal reorganization of $153
million in fiscal 2025; (iii) income tax expense related to U.S. federal and state income taxes in fiscal 2025 of $100 million;
and (iv) the change in amount and jurisdictional mix of profits in which the Group has a taxable presence, which includes
$45 million of income tax expense related to the Netherlands for fiscal 2025.
     Net (loss) income decreased by $569 million, or 351%, to a net loss of $407 million for fiscal 2025 from a net
income of $162 million for fiscal 2024, and net income (loss) margin decreased to 2.5% net loss margin from 1.2% net
income margin for fiscal 2024, as a result of the factors above.
      Adjusted EBITDA increased by 21%, to $2,845 million for fiscal 2025 from $2,357 million for fiscal 2024. Adjusted
EBITDA Margin increased by 60 basis points to 17.4% from 16.8% reflecting the revenue performance and operating cost
savings in sales and marketing expenses as outlined above.
      Fiscal 2024 Compared to Fiscal 2023
       Our total revenue grew by 19%, to $14,048 million for fiscal 2024 from $11,790 million for fiscal 2023, with AMPs
up 13% to 13.9 million. The key drivers of Group revenue growth were (i) continued strong online revenue growth in our
U.S. segment, with revenue 32% (or $1,394) higher period over period, despite unfavorable sports results primarily relating
to the NFL season during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, (ii) growth in our International segment of 12% (or $864
million) primarily due to (a) UKI market share growth from sustained market leadership driving increases in UKI revenue
by 18% (or $552 million), including the benefit of favorable sports results during fiscal 2024, (b) strong performance in
Italy with an increase in revenue of $116 million period over period and (c) the acquisition of Maxbet which contributed
revenue growth of $207 million, offset by a decrease in revenue of $52 million period over period in Australia primarily
due to continued softer racing market environment, in line with expectations. The impact of sports results in fiscal 2024,
which is calculated as the difference between our expected net revenue margin for the period and our actual net revenue
margin had an approximate 3% negative impact on total revenue growth for fiscal 2024, primarily due to unfavorable
sports results in the U.S. segment relating to the NFL season in the fourth quarter of 2024.
      Cost of sales increased by 18% to $7,346 million for fiscal 2024 from $6,202 million for fiscal 2023. This was
primarily due to the increase of $933 million in gaming taxes, commissions and transaction charges, and was broadly in
line with the increase in revenue in both our U.S. and International segments, to result in cost of sales as a percentage of
revenue at 52% for fiscal 2024, which slightly decreased compared to 53% for fiscal 2023.
       Technology, research and development expenses increased by 7%, to $820 million for fiscal 2024, from $765 million
for fiscal 2023, driven by an increase in labor costs of $173 million period over period as the Group continues to invest in
product development to enhance the customer proposition of our brands across the Group, and as we continue to scale our
business in the U.S. offset by a $31 million reduction in restructuring and integration expense due to the Sisal acquisition in
fiscal 2023 and a decrease of $24 million in depreciation and amortization.




                                                              60
Table of Contents


      Sales and marketing expenses decreased by 15% to $3,205 million for fiscal 2024 from $3,776 million for fiscal
2023. Sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue was 23% for fiscal 2024, a decrease of 900 basis points
from 32% compared with fiscal 2023. This decrease was driven by (i) an impairment loss of $725 million related to
PokerStars’ trademark recognized in fiscal 2023; and (ii) a decrease of $129 million in amortization of acquired intangible
assets, offset by an increase in marketing and media spend of $274 million. Sales and marketing as a percentage of revenue
decreased by 9% driven by significant economies of scales achieved in existing states with continued disciplined player
acquisition investment in the United States and other markets which was partly offset by new state launches.
       General and administrative expenses increased by 13% to $1,808 million for fiscal 2024 from $1,596 million for
fiscal 2023. The increase in general and administrative expenses included (i) an increase of $58 million in integration costs
and advisory fees related activities associated with the change in the primary listing of the Group; and (ii) an increase of
$117 million in labor cost due to greater investment in the Group’s workforce as we continued the expansion of our U.S.
business.
      Operating profit (loss) increased by $1,418 million to a profit of $869 million for fiscal 2024 from a loss of $549
million for fiscal 2023, as a result of the factors above.
      Other income (expense), net increased by $277 million to $434 million in fiscal 2024 from $157 million in fiscal
2023. This increase was primarily driven by (i) an increase in the fair value loss of $261 million on the Fox Option liability
period over period; and (ii) a decrease in foreign exchange gain of $29 million period over period partially offset by a
decrease in financing related fees not eligible for capitalization of $21 million period over period.
      Interest expense, net increased by $34 million, to $419 million for fiscal 2024 from $385 million for fiscal 2023,
primarily as a result of the issuance of $525 million aggregate principal amount of USD Notes and €500 million aggregate
principal amount of EUR Notes in April 2024, which was partially offset by a $26 million increase in interest income
period over period.
     Income tax benefit (expense) increased by $266 million to $146 million of income tax benefit for fiscal 2024 from
$120 million income tax expense for fiscal 2023. The movement is primarily due to (i) the change in valuation allowance,
mainly related to the $246 million release in U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets; (ii) $52 million tax benefit related to
a combination of immaterial out-of-period and return-to-provision adjustments recognized in 2024; and (iii) the change in
amount and jurisdictional mix of profits in which the Group has a taxable presence.
      Net income (loss) increased by $1,373 million, or 113%, to a net income of $162 million for fiscal 2024 from a net
loss of $1,211 million for fiscal 2023, and net income (loss) margin increased to 1.2% net income margin from 10.3% net
loss margin for fiscal 2023, as a result of the factors above.
      Adjusted EBITDA increased by 26%, to $2,357 million for fiscal 2024 from $1,875 million for fiscal 2023. Adjusted
EBITDA Margin increased by 90 basis points to 16.8% from 15.9% reflecting the revenue performance and operating cost
savings in sales and marketing expenses as outlined above.




                                                               61
Table of Contents


        Operational and Financial Metrics by Segment
        U.S.
        The following table presents a summary of our operational metrics for the U.S. segment for fiscal 2025, 2024 and
2023:

                                                                                                               Fiscal
         AMPs (Amounts in thousands)                                                        2025               2024                2023
           Total U.S. AMPs(1)                                                                4,028              3,784               3,152
           U.S. AMPs by Product Category(1)
                Sportsbook                                                                   3,260               3,146              2,553
                iGaming                                                                        980                 777                571
                Other                                                                          457                 497                549
         Stakes (amounts in $ millions)                                                $    53,822  $           50,876  $          41,016
         Sportsbook net revenue margin                                                         8.6%                7.9%               7.5%

(1)     Total U.S. AMPs is not a sum total of the AMPs for each product category because in circumstances where a player uses multiple product
        categories within one brand, we are generally able to identify that it is the same player who is using multiple product categories and therefore
        count this player as only one AMP at the U.S. segment level while also counting this player as one AMP for each separate product category that
        the player is using. As a result, the sum of the AMPs presented at the product category level presented above is greater than the total AMPs
        presented at the U.S. segment level. AMPs presented above reflects a level of duplication that arises from individuals who use multiple brands or
        use product offerings in multiple segments. See “—Key Operational Metrics” above for additional information regarding how we calculate AMPs
        data, including a discussion regarding duplication of players that exists in such data.

       The following table presents our revenue, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin for the U.S. segment for
fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023:

                                                                                                               Fiscal
         (Amounts in $ millions, except percentages)                                        2025               2024                2023
         U.S.
             Sportsbook                                                                $      4,633  $           4,013   $           3,072
             iGaming                                                                          2,095              1,524               1,045
             Other                                                                              239                261                 287
         Total U.S. revenue                                                            $      6,967  $           5,798   $           4,404
         Adjusted EBITDA                                                               $        922  $             507   $             232
         Adjusted EBITDA Margin                                                                13.2%               8.7 %               5.3 %

        Fiscal 2025 Compared to Fiscal 2024
      Total revenue for our U.S. segment grew by 20% to $6,967 million for fiscal 2025 from $5,798 million for fiscal
2024, reflecting AMP growth of 6%.
      Sportsbook revenue increased by 15% period over period, driven by a 6% period over period increase in stakes to
$53,822 million for fiscal 2025 and improvement in net revenue margin. The increase in handle was driven by scaling of
our U.S. business, strong growth in pre-2024 states and the Missouri state launch in fiscal 2025.
      Sportsbook net revenue margin increased by 70 basis points period over period to 8.6% for fiscal 2025 compared to
7.9% for fiscal 2024. This reflected (i) continued expansion of our structural revenue margin by 60 basis points to 14.2%,
driven by our market leading pricing and risk capabilities and increase in Same Game parlay penetration and (ii) a 60 basis
points favorable change in sports results (fiscal 2025: 60 basis points unfavorable; fiscal 2024: 120 basis points
unfavorable). These increases were partially offset by an increase in player incentive spend of 50 basis points.
       iGaming revenue for fiscal 2025 increased by 37% to $2,095 million from $1,524 million for fiscal 2024, which
reflected an increase in AMPs of 26% period over period to 1.0 million for fiscal 2025 driven by continued product
development, including the launch of site-wide jackpots and the roll out of new titles to the platform.
     Other revenue for fiscal 2025 decreased by 8% period over period driven by a decline in DFS as a portion of our
DFS player base has migrated some or all of their play to our sportsbook product.




                                                                          62
Table of Contents


     Adjusted EBITDA for the U.S. was $922 million for fiscal 2025, a $415 million increase compared to fiscal 2024.
Adjusted EBITDA Margin improved to 13.2% for fiscal 2025 from 8.7% in fiscal 2024.
        The improvements in Adjusted EBITDA margin were driven by (i) an increase in revenue of $1,169 million as a
result of the factors above; (ii) a reduction in cost of sales as a percentage of revenue of 100 basis points from 57.8% for
fiscal 2024 to 56.8% for fiscal 2025 primarily driven by a 310 basis points benefit primarily from the period over period
favorable change in sports results period over and payment processing and other costs initiatives, partially offset by the
impact of an increase in gaming taxes of 210 basis points due to an increase in state taxes during 2025. The increase in
Adjusted EBITDA margin was further contributed by (i) a reduction in sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of
revenue of 310 basis points period over period due to sustained operating leverage and (ii) a 60 basis points reduction in
general and administrative expense as a percentage of revenue due to operating leverage. These decreases as a percentage
of revenue were partially offset by a 20 basis points increase in technology, research and development expenses as a
percentage of revenue primarily due to scaling of data storage and processing costs and investment in talent.
      Fiscal 2024 Compared to Fiscal 2023
       Total revenue for our U.S. segment grew by 32% to $5,798 million for fiscal 2024 from $4,404 million for fiscal
2023, reflecting AMP growth of 20%. Sportsbook revenue increased by 31%, with amounts staked increased by 24% to
$50,876 million and AMPs 23% higher at 3.1 million from strong growth in both new and existing states. Sportsbook net
revenue margin increased to 7.9% for fiscal 2024 compared to 7.5% for fiscal 2023. This reflected continued expansion of
our expected sportsbook net revenue margin, driven by our market leading pricing capabilities and innovative product
offerings, partly offset by unfavorable sports results relating to the NFL season during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024.
There was a 70 basis points adverse impact from unfavorable sports results compared with the prior period (sports results
for fiscal 2024: 120 basis points unfavorable; for fiscal 2023: 50 basis points unfavorable).
      iGaming revenue for fiscal 2024 increased by 46% to $1,524 million from $1,045 million for fiscal 2023, driven by
an increase in AMPs of 36% period on period to 0.8 million for fiscal 2024. This reflected our focus on improving
customer experiences and product innovation including the launch of exclusive new slot games and exclusive content. In
addition, market leading generosity continued to drive strong customer engagement in direct casino and cross-sell.
     Other revenue for fiscal 2024 decreased by 9% period on period driven by a decline in DFS where a portion of our
DFS player base has migrated some or all of their play to our sportsbook product.
       Adjusted EBITDA for the U.S. was $507 million for fiscal 2024, a $275 million increase compared to fiscal 2023.
Adjusted EBITDA Margin improved to 8.7% for fiscal 2024 from 5.3% in fiscal 2023. These improvements were driven
by (i) an increase in revenue of $1,394 million as a result of the factors above; and (ii) a decrease of 4.1% in sales and
marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue due to significant economies of scales achieved in sales and marketing
expenses through continued disciplined player acquisition investment in existing states, partly offset by (i) a 70 basis points
impact of adverse sports results on revenue; (ii) increased taxes of $39 million in Illinois which came into effect from July
1, 2024; (iii) increased sales and marketing expenses for new state launches; (iv) an increase of 38% (or $74 million) in
technology, research and development expenses; and (v) an increase of 34% (or $98 million) in general and administrative
expenses reflecting the investment to scale our product, technology and operational capabilities.




                                                              63
Table of Contents


      International
     The following table presents a summary of our operational metrics for the International segment for fiscal 2025,
2024 and 2023:

                                                                                                               Fiscal
       AMPs (Amounts in thousands)                                                          2025               2024                2023
         Total International AMPs(1)                                                        11,884             10,114               9,173
         International AMPs by Product Category(1)
             Sportsbook                                                                      5,749              5,219               4,830
             iGaming                                                                         7,238              5,920               5,147
             Other                                                                           1,149                869                 864
       Stakes (amounts in $ millions)                                                 $     31,644  $          29,148  $           29,286
       Sportsbook net revenue margin                                                          12.6%              13.1%               12.0%

(1)   Total International AMPs is not a sum total of the AMPs for each product category because in circumstances where a player uses multiple
      product categories within one brand, we are generally able to identify that it is the same player who is using multiple product categories and
      therefore count this player as only one AMP at the International segment level while also counting this player as one AMP for each separate
      product category that the player is using. As a result, the sum of the AMPs presented at the product category level presented above is greater than
      the total AMPs presented at the International segment level. AMPs presented above reflects a level of duplication that arises from individuals
      who use multiple brands or use product offerings in multiple segments. See “—Key Operational Metrics” above for additional information
      regarding how we calculate AMPs data, including a discussion regarding duplication of players that exists in such data.
     The following table presents our revenue, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin for the International
segment for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023:

                                                                                                               Fiscal
       (Amounts in $ millions, except percentages)                                          2025               2024                2023
       International
           Sportsbook                                                                 $      3,999  $            3,816  $            3,513
           iGaming                                                                           5,112               4,130               3,576
           Other                                                                               305                 304                 297
       Total International revenue                                                    $      9,416  $            8,250  $            7,386
       Adjusted EBITDA                                                                $      2,202  $            2,065  $            1,830
       Adjusted EBITDA Margin                                                                 23.4%               25.0%               24.8%

        The following tables present the International segment disaggregated revenue for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023.


                                                                                                          Year ended
                                                                                                         December 31,
       ($ in millions)                                                                      2025             2024                  2023
       UKI 1                                                                                   3,547            3,599                 3,047
       Southern Europe and Africa 2                                                            2,746            1,593                 1,430
       Asia Pacific 3                                                                          1,428            1,547                 1,599
       Central and Eastern Europe 4                                                              604              531                   286
       Brazil 5                                                                                  227               69                    64
       Other regions 6                                                                           864              911                   960
       Total International segment revenue                                                     9,416            8,250                 7,386
        1.    UKI represents Sky Bet, Paddy Power and Betfair UK and Ireland operations as well as the tombola brand.
        2.    Southern Europe and Africa (SEA) comprises the Italian operations of our Sisal, Snai (effective from acquisition date of April 30, 2025)
              and PokerStars brands as well as Sisal’s business in Türkiye and Morocco.
        3.    Asia Pacific (APAC) includes our Sportsbet business in Australia and Junglee in India (until August 22, 2025).
        4.    Central and Eastern Europe (CEE) comprises Adjarabet in Georgia and Armenia together with MaxBet in Serbia, Bosnia Herzegovina,
              North Macedonia and Montenegro.
        5.    Brazil reflects our Betfair and Betnacional (effective from acquisition date of May 14, 2025) operations in the region.
        6.    Other regions comprise PokerStars’ non-Italian operations and Betfair’s non-Brazilian business.



                                                                          64
Table of Contents


      Fiscal 2025 Compared to Fiscal 2024
       Total revenue for our International segment increased by 14% to $9,416 million for fiscal 2025 from $8,250 for
fiscal 2024, reflecting an 18% increase in AMPs. The increase in revenue was primarily driven by the acquisition of Snai
and NSX, which contributed to an increase in revenue of 13%. Additionally, favorable changes in foreign currency
exchange rates contributed to an increase in revenue of 2%.
       Sportsbook revenue increased by 5% to $3,999 million for fiscal 2025 from $3,816 million for fiscal 2024, with the
acquisitions of Snai and NSX contributing an increase in revenue of 11%. Sportsbook stakes grew by 9% period over
period with Snai and NSX contributing 11%, offsetting the period over period headwind from strong Euros performance in
the prior period and decreased stakes in APAC from racing market softness across thoroughbreds and greyhounds.
Additionally, favorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates contributed to an increase in revenue of 2%.
       Sportsbook net revenue margin decreased by 50 basis points period over period to 12.6% for fiscal 2025. The
decrease in net revenue margin was primarily driven by the impact of a period over period swing of 110 basis points from
favorable sports results in fiscal 2024 to unfavorable sports results in fiscal 2025. The impact of sports results was partially
offset by (i) a 20 basis points increase in structural revenue margin period over period to 16.6% for fiscal 2025 driven by
our pricing and risk management capabilities along with increased parlay product penetration across our largest sports
businesses in UKI and Australia and (ii) a decrease of 40 basis points in customer generosity period over period.
      iGaming revenue increased by 24% to $5,112 million for fiscal 2025 from $4,130 million for fiscal 2024 with the
acquisitions of Snai and NSX contributing revenue growth of 15%. Additionally, revenue growth was driven by (i) strong
performance in Sisal, UKI and CEE, which more than offset the impact of the cessation of operations in India and (ii)
favorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates which contributed revenue growth of 2%.
      Other revenue for fiscal 2025 was flat period over period driven by favorable changes in foreign currency exchange
rates which contributed revenue growth of 3%, offset by lower commissions from the Betfair Exchange.
On a regional basis:
      UKI revenue decreased by 1% to $3,547 million for fiscal 2025 from $3,599 million for fiscal 2024. Sportsbook
revenue decreased by 13% to $1,465 million for fiscal 2025 from $1,691 million for fiscal 2024 driven by (i) lower handle
of 4% due to the Euros in fiscal 2024 and a decrease in horse racing handle outside of major festivals, including
Cheltenham and (ii) the impact of a period over period swing of 170 basis points from favorable sports results in fiscal
2024 to unfavorable sports results in fiscal 2025. The decrease in sportsbook revenue was partially offset by a favorable
change in foreign currency exchange rates which contributed revenue growth of 3%. UKI iGaming revenue increased by
11%, to $1,926 million for fiscal 2025 from $1,741 million for fiscal 2024, driven by (i) continued product enhancements
and generosity optimization, offsetting the impact of the UK Gambling Act Review which led to player restrictions
implemented during the year and (ii) favorable change in foreign currency exchange rates which contributed revenue
growth of 4%.
      SEA revenue increased by 72% to $2,746 million for fiscal 2025 from $1,593 million for fiscal 2024. The acquisition
of Snai contributed revenue growth of 54%. Sportsbook revenue for the region grew 82%, driven by (i) the acquisition of
Snai which contributed growth of 70%, (ii) a favorable change in foreign currency exchange rates which contributed
revenue growth of 8% and (iii) Sisal revenue growth despite the prior period containing the Euros. iGaming revenue grew
68% period over period due to (i) the acquisition of Snai which contributed revenue growth of 47%, (ii) continued
momentum within Sisal in both Italy and Türkiye and (iii) improved content.
       APAC revenue decreased by 8% to $1,428 million for fiscal 2025 from $1,547 million for fiscal 2024. Sportsbook
revenue decreased by 6% period over period driven by (i) a decrease in amounts staked of 6% driven by racing market
softness across thoroughbreds and greyhounds and (ii) the impact of a period over period swing from favorable sports
results in fiscal 2024 to unfavorable sports results in fiscal 2025. The decrease in sportsbook revenue was also impacted by
an unfavorable change in foreign currency exchange rates which contributed a revenue decline of 2%. iGaming revenue
decreased by 25% period over period driven by the cessation of operations in India in August 2025.
      CEE revenue grew 14% period over period primarily driven by (i) improved iGaming content, (ii) increased
sportsbook staking and (iii) a favorable change in foreign currency exchange rates which contributed revenue growth of
3%.
       Brazil revenue grew 229% period over period with NSX contributing revenue growth of 261%. The increase in
revenue was offset by an unfavorable change in foreign currency exchange rates which contributed a revenue decline of
10%. Betfair Brazil revenue decreased by 32% period over period due to (i) adverse sports results and (ii) customer re-
registration friction in the newly regulated market.
      Other regions revenue was 5% lower, driven by the impact of market exits and regulatory change.




                                                               65
Table of Contents


      Adjusted EBITDA for International was $2,202 million for fiscal 2025, a 7% increase from $2,065 million for fiscal
2024. Adjusted EBITDA Margin decreased by 160 basis points to 23.4% for fiscal 2025. The acquisitions of Snai and NSX
contributed to the increase in Adjusted EBITDA by $147 million and the decrease in Adjusted EBITDA margin by 120
basis points.
       The overall decrease in Adjusted EBITDA margin was primarily driven by an increase in cost of sales as a
percentage of revenue of 350 basis points from 43.3% for fiscal 2024, to 46.8% for fiscal 2025, with the acquisitions of
Snai and NSX contributing 170 basis points of the period over period increase. The remaining 180 basis points of the
increase was primarily driven by (i) a continued shift in revenue mix in favor of iGaming which incurs higher third-party
costs than sportsbook, (ii) an increase in gaming taxes in CEE and Australia and (iii) the impact of adverse sports results.
The increase in cost of sales as a percentage of revenue was partially offset by a reduction in sales and marketing expenses
as a percentage of revenue of 80 basis points from 16.9% for fiscal 2024 to 16.1% for fiscal 2025 driven by (i) Euros
related marketing expenses in the prior period and (ii) reduced marketing expense in APAC which more than offset (i)
increased investment in Italy to support conversion of our retail customer base to online and investment in lottery products
and (ii) our growth plans in Türkiye and Brazil.
      Fiscal 2024 Compared to Fiscal 2023
       Total revenue for our International segment increased by 12% to $8,250 million for fiscal 2024 from $7,386 million
for fiscal 2023 driven by a 10% increase in AMPs, with the acquisition of Maxbet contributing an increase in revenue of
$207 million.
      Sportsbook revenue increased by 9% to $3,816 million for fiscal 2024 from $3,513 million for fiscal 2023, mainly
due to the Euros and an increase in net revenue margin of 110 basis points period over period to 13.1%. This was driven by
the continued expansion of our expected net revenue margin due to our pricing and risk management capabilities and
greater adoption of higher margin same game parlay bet types in UKI. We also benefited from 80 basis points of favorable
sports results period on period (sports results for fiscal 2024: 80 basis points favorable; for fiscal 2023: 0 basis points
favorable). Sports results were particularly favorable during the Euros and the English Premier League for fiscal 2024. The
increase in overall International sportsbook revenue was partially offset by a decrease in sportsbook revenue in Australia of
$52 million period over period primarily due to continued softer racing market environment, in line with expectations,
compared to fiscal 2023.
       iGaming revenue increased by 15%, to $4,130 million for fiscal 2024 from $3,576 million for fiscal 2023, with AMP
growth of 15%. The increase in revenue was primarily driven by (i) $337 million of revenue growth in UKI due to
compelling promotions, free-to-play content and consistent delivery of product improvements which drove strong cross-
sell rates, (ii) $138 million due to the acquisition of Maxbet and (iii) 9.6% revenue growth in Sisal primarily due to
increased market share.
      Other revenue increased by 2%, to $304 million for fiscal 2024 from $297 million for fiscal 2023, primarily driven
by the new concession in Morocco, which was offset by a revenue decrease of 8% in UKI primarily driven by the Betfair
Exchange.
On a regional basis:
      UKI revenue increased by 18% to $3,599 million for fiscal 2024 from $3,047 million for fiscal 2023. Sportsbook
revenue increased by 16% to $1,691 million for fiscal 2024 from $1,463 million for fiscal 2023, mainly due to the Euros
and an increase in net revenue margin of 200 basis points period over period to 13.8%. This was driven by the continued
expansion of our expected net revenue margin due to greater adoption of higher margin same game parlay bet types. We
also benefited from 150 basis points of favorable sports results period over period. iGaming revenue increased by 24%, to
$1,741 million for fiscal 2024 from $1,404 million for fiscal 2023, driven by AMP growth of 13% through compelling
promotions, free-to-play content and consistent delivery of product improvements which drove strong cross-sell rates.
      SEA revenue increased by 11% to $1,593 million for fiscal 2024 from $1,430 million for fiscal 2023, primarily
driven by revenue growth in Italy of 9% and revenue growth in Türkiye of 11%.
      APAC revenue decreased by 3% to $1,547 million for fiscal 2024 from $1,599 million for fiscal 2023. The decrease
was primarily driven by a $52 million decrease in sportsbook revenue in Australia primarily due to a continued softer
racing market environment, in line with expectations.
       CEE revenue increased by 86% to $531 million for fiscal 2024 from $286 million for fiscal 2023, primarily driven
by (i) the acquisition of Maxbet which contributed revenue growth of $207 million and (ii) 19% revenue growth in Georgia
primarily driven by online casino revenue growth.
      Brazil revenue increased by 8% to $69 million for fiscal 2024 from $64 million for fiscal 2023.
      Other regions revenue was 5% lower, driven by the impact of market exits and regulatory change.



                                                             66
Table of Contents


      Adjusted EBITDA for our International segment was $2,065 million for fiscal 2024, a $235 million increase
compared to fiscal 2023. Adjusted EBITDA Margin improved to 25.0% for fiscal 2024 from 24.8% in fiscal 2023. These
improvements were driven by (i) an increase in revenue of $864 million as a result of the factors above, (ii) decrease of 30
basis points in cost of sales as a percentage of revenue from 43.6% in fiscal 2023 to 43.3% in fiscal 2024, (iii) a 40 basis
points decrease in technology, research and development expenses as a percentage of revenue from 5.3% in fiscal 2023 to
4.9% in fiscal 2024, which includes cost savings of $32 million as a result of the optimization of the PokerStars business
model and (iv) cost savings from the closure of FOX Bet in August 2023, which resulted in adjusted EBITDA
improvement of $46 million. The overall increase in International Adjusted EBITDA was offset by a decrease of $62
million in Australia due to a decrease in revenue of $52 million resulting from continued softer racing market environment,
in line with expectations and the impact of increased taxes in Victoria of $22 million.
Supplemental Disclosure of Non-GAAP Measures
       Adjusted EBITDA is defined on a Group basis as income (loss) before income taxes; other (expense) income, net;
interest expense, net; depreciation and amortization; transaction fees and associated costs; restructuring and integration
costs; legal settlements and gaming taxes disputes; impairment of property and equipment, intangible assets, right-of-use
assets and goodwill and share-based compensation charge. Adjusted EBITDA Margin is Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage
of revenue.
       Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are non-GAAP measures and should not be viewed as measures of
overall operating performance, indicators of our performance, considered in isolation, or construed as alternatives to
operating profit (loss) or net income (loss) measures, or as alternatives to cash flows from operating activities, as measures
of liquidity, or as alternatives to any other measure determined in accordance with GAAP.
      These non-GAAP measures are presented solely as supplemental disclosures to reported GAAP measures because
we believe that this non-GAAP supplemental information will be helpful in understanding our ongoing operating results
and these measures are widely used by analysts, lenders, financial institutions, and investors as measures of performance.
Management has historically used Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin when evaluating operating
performance because we believe that they provide additional perspective on the financial performance of our core business.
      Beginning January 1, 2024, the Group revised its definition of Adjusted EBITDA, which is the segment
measurement management uses to evaluate performance and allocate resources. Adjusted EBITDA now excludes share-
based compensation as management believes the inclusion of share-based compensation can obscure underlying business
trends because share-based compensation could vary widely among companies due to differing plans that result in
companies using share-based compensation awards differently, both in type and quantity of awards granted.
      In presenting Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, in addition to share-based compensation as
described above, the Group excludes other certain items:
        •    Transaction fees and associated costs and restructuring and integration costs, which include charges for
             discrete projects or transactions that significantly change our operations, are excluded because they are not
             part of the ongoing operations of our business, which includes normal levels of reinvestment in the business.
        •    Legal settlements and gaming tax disputes, which include charges for specific investigations and litigation,
             are excluded due to the difficulty in predicting their timing and scope and because they are considered by
             management to be outside the normal course of business.
        •    Other (expense) income, net is excluded because it is not indicative of our core operating performance.
        •    Impairment of property and equipment, intangible assets, right-of-use assets and goodwill, which may arise
             from time to time that would impact comparability. We do not consider impairment when evaluating the
             Company’s performance, when making decisions regarding the allocation of resources, in determining
             incentive compensation, or in determining earnings estimates.
       Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are not measures of performance or liquidity calculated in
accordance with GAAP. They are unaudited and should not be considered as alternatives to, or more meaningful than, net
income (loss) as indicators of our operating performance. In addition, other companies in the betting and gaming industry
that report Adjusted EBITDA may calculate Adjusted EBITDA in a different manner and such differences may be material.
The definition of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin may vary from the definitions of Adjusted EBITDA
used in our debt agreements.
      Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin have further limitations as an analytical tool. Some of these
limitations are:
        •    they do not reflect the Group’s cash expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditure or contractual
             commitments;



                                                             67
Table of Contents


       •      they do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, the Group’s working capital needs;
       •      they do not reflect interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal
              payments, on the Group’s debt;
       •      they do not reflect shared-based compensation expense, which is primarily a non-cash charge that is part of
              our employee compensation;
       •      although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will
              often have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect any cash requirements for such
              replacements;
       •      they are not adjusted for all non-cash income or expense items that are reflected in the Group’s statements of
              cash flows; and
       •      the further adjustments made in calculating Adjusted EBITDA are those that management consider not to be
              representative of the underlying operations of the Group and therefore are subjective in nature.
    The following table reconciles net income (loss), the most comparable GAAP financial measure, to Adjusted
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin for the fiscal years presented:

                                                                                                             December 31,
       (Amounts in $ millions, except percentages)                                            2025                2024                2023
       Net (loss) income                                                                $       (407)       $         162       $     (1,211)
       Add back:
       Income taxes                                                                             286                (146)                 120
       Other (expense) income, net                                                             (358)                434                  157
       Interest expense, net                                                                    515                 419                  385
       Depreciation and amortization                                                          1,517               1,097                1,285
       Share-based compensation expense                                                         260                 202                  190
       Transaction fees and associated costs 1                                                  224                  54                   92
       Restructuring and integration costs 2                                                    247                 135                  132
       Impairment 3                                                                             561                  —                   725
       Adjusted EBITDA                                                                  $     2,845   $           2,357   $            1,875
       Revenue                                                                          $    16,383   $          14,048   $           11,790
       Adjusted EBITDA Margin                                                                  17.4 %              16.8 %               15.9 %
(1)   During the year ended December 31, 2025, transaction costs of $224 million primarily related to the Boyd market access payment and the Snai
      and NSX acquisitions. During the year ended December 31, 2024 advisory fees of $54 million primarily relate to implementation of internal
      controls, information system changes and other strategic advisory fees related to the change in the primary listing of the Group. During the year
      ended December 31, 2023, transaction fees of $92 million primarily relate to the listing of Flutter’s ordinary shares in the U.S.
(2)   During the year ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 restructuring and transaction costs of $247 million, $135 million and $132 million,
      respectively, primarily related to various restructuring, acquisition integration and other strategic initiatives to drive synergies. The programs are
      expected to run until 2027. These actions include efforts to consolidate and integrate our technology infrastructure, back-office functions and
      relocate certain operations to lower cost locations. It also includes business process re-engineering cost, planning and design of target operating
      models for the Group's enabling functions and discovery and planning related to the Group's anticipated migration to a new enterprise resource
      planning system. The costs primarily include severance expenses, advisory fees and temporary staffing costs.
(3)   During the year ended December 31, 2025, impairment of $561 million is mainly related to Junglee. The Act, which was passed by the Indian
      Parliament and received Presidential assent on August 22, 2025, bans all forms of online real money gaming in India. As a result of the Act, from
      August 22, 2025, Junglee ceased offering all real-money games in India. The impaired assets substantially consists of goodwill of $517 million,
      acquired and developed intangibles of $32 million and other long-lived assets of $7 million. The $517 million of impaired goodwill is not
      deductible for tax purposes, and therefore there is no income tax benefit. Income tax impacts arising for acquired and developed intangibles and
      other long-lived assets are not material. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group recognized an intangible asset impairment loss of
      $725 million in sales and marketing expenses related to PokerStars trademark within the International segment. The impairment was primarily
      driven by an assessment of strategy and operational model aimed at maximizing the value of PokerStars proprietary poker assets consistent with
      our International segment strategy to combine global scale with local presence.




                                                                           68
Table of Contents


         Liquidity and Capital Resources
Overview
      Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations, and borrowings
from various financial institutions and debt investors. We expect to continue to have cash requirements to (i) support
working capital needs and capital expenditures, (ii) to pay interest and service our long-term debt, (iii) to service our
obligations under our operating leases, and (iv) to repurchase our ordinary shares subject to economic and market
conditions and our capital requirements, and otherwise as described below under “—Other Purchase Obligations.” We
believe we have the ability and sufficient capacity to meet these cash requirements in the short term and long term by using
available cash, internally generated funds and borrowings under the Group’s $1.48 billion (£1.1 billion) committed
revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2025, we had $1,828 million of cash and cash equivalents, of which $39
million was held in pound sterling (“GBP”), $336 million was held in euro (“EUR”), $1,030 million was held in U.S. dollar
(“USD”), and $423 million was held in other currencies, and outstanding long-term debt of $12,266 million.
      We experience a largely predictable degree of seasonal cash flows as our sports betting operations are subject to a
seasonal variation dictated by the sporting calendar and are affected by the scheduling and live broadcasting of major
sporting events. In some instances, the scheduling of major sporting events occurs seasonally (e.g., the NBA, the NFL,
MLB, the NCAA, the Premier League, the UEFA Champions League, and horse racing) or at regular but infrequent
intervals (e.g., the FIFA World Cup and the UEFA European Football Championship). See Part I, “Item 1. Business—
Seasonality.”

Long-term Debt
Term Loan A, Term Loan B and Revolving Credit Facility Agreement (the “TLA/TLB/RCF Agreement”)
      In November 2023, we entered into the TLA/TLB/RCF Agreement (as amended by the First Incremental
Assumption Agreement, dated as of March 14, 2024, the First Repricing Agreement dated as of December 19, 2024 and the
Second Incremental Assumption Agreement dated as of December 19, 2024, the “TLA/TLB/RCF Agreement”) with J.P.
Morgan SE as the administrative agent and Wilmington Trust (London) Limited, acting as the collateral agent, and the
lenders named therein in connection with the Term Loan A Facilities, Term Loan B Facilities and a multicurrency
revolving credit facility (the “Revolving Credit Facility”) in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not in
excess of £1.00 billion.
      During fiscal 2024, we entered into the First Incremental Assumption Agreement and the Second Incremental
Assumption Agreement, which amended the TLA/TLB/RCF Agreement. These amendments provided for an additional
$514 million of USD First Lien Term Loan B borrowings, and increased the aggregate principal amount available under
the Revolving Credit Facility by £50 million to £1.05 billion.
        On April 29, 2025, the Group entered into a Bridge Credit Agreement providing for a €2.5 billion senior secured
first-lien term loan to fund, among others, the Snai acquisition (the “Snai Acquisition Bridge Facility”). The Snai
Acquisition Bridge Facility was drawn on April 29, 2025. The Snai Acquisition Bridge Facility bears interest at EURIBOR
+ 1.25%, with customary step-ups and otherwise includes terms generally consistent with the Group’s existing TLA/TLB/
RCF Agreement.
      On July 10, 2025, the Group entered into a Bridge Credit Agreement providing for a $1.75 billion first-lien term
loan, which was drawn on July 30, 2025, to fund the Boyd Transaction (the “Boyd Transaction Bridge Facility”).
Borrowings under the Boyd Transaction Bridge Facility bear interest at Term SOFR + 1.25%, with customary step-ups,
and otherwise include terms generally consistent with the Group’s existing TLA/TLB/RCF Agreement.
      On June 4, 2025, the Group entered into the Third Incremental Assumption Agreement and on August 7, 2025, the
Fourth Incremental Assumption Agreement (together “the 2025 Incremental Assumption Agreements”), which amended
the existing TLA/TLB/RCF Agreement and provided for an additional $1,250 million of Term Loan B borrowings
(comprised of $750 million pursuant to the Third Incremental Assumption Agreement and $500 million pursuant to the
Fourth Incremental Assumption Agreement), and increased the aggregate principal amount available under the Revolving
Credit Facility 2028 under the TLA/TLB/RCF Agreement by £50 million to £1.10 billion. The Term Loan B borrowings
provided by the 2025 Incremental Assumption Agreements (the “USD First Lien Term Loan B 2032”):
    •    mature on June 4, 2032;
    •    bear interest, at the Borrower’s option, at either (i) Adjusted Term SOFR + 2.00% (subject to a 0.50% floor) or (ii)
         ABR + 1.00% (subject to a 1.00% ABR floor); and,
    •    require quarterly amortization of 0.25% of the original principal amount, with the remaining balance due at
         maturity.



                                                             69
Table of Contents


       The net proceeds from the USD First Lien Term Loan B 2032 incurred pursuant to the Third Incremental
Assumption Agreement and the portion of the 2031 Notes (as defined below) issued on June 4, 2025 were used to repay in
full the Snai Acquisition Bridge Facility, fund general corporate purposes, and pay related transaction costs. The net
proceeds from the USD First Lien Term Loan B 2032 incurred pursuant to the Fourth Incremental Assumption Agreement
and the portion of the 2031 Notes issued on August 7, 2025 were used to repay in full the Boyd Transaction Bridge
Facility, fund general corporate purposes, and pay related transaction costs.
     As of December 31, 2025, we have an outstanding balance of: (i) $1.4 billion (£1.0 billion) under our GBP First Lien
Term Loan A 2028, which matures in November 2028; (ii) $447 million (€380 million) under our EUR First Lien Term
Loan A 2028, which matures in November 2028; (iii) $166 million under our USD First Lien Term Loan A 2028, which
matures in November 2028; (iv) $3.8 billion under our USD First Lien Term Loan B 2030 which matures in November
2030 and (v) $1.2 billion under our USD First Lien Term Loan B 2032 which matures in June 2032.
       The GBP, EUR, and USD First Lien Term Loan A 2028 facilities bear interest at SONIA, EURIBOR, and daily
compounded SOFR plus 0.10%, respectively, each with a 1.75% margin and no benchmark floor, and are repayable in full
at maturity. The USD First Lien Term Loan B 2030 bears interest at Adjusted Term SOFR +1.75%. The USD First Lien
Term Loan B 2032 bears interest at Adjusted Term SOFR +2.00% (with a 0.50% floor) or ABR +1.00% (with a 1.00%
floor), at the Borrower’s option, and amortizes quarterly at 0.25% of the original principal on the last day of March, June,
September and December of each year with the remainder due at maturity.
      Interest on each of the facilities is payable on the last day of each interest period. Facilities drawn down may be
prepaid at any time in whole or in part without premium or penalty on three business days’ (or such shorter period as the
administrative agent may agree) prior notice (but, if in part, by a minimum of $1 million or its currency equivalent).
       The Revolving Credit Facility 2028 may be utilized by the drawing of cash advances, the issuance of letters of credit
and/or the establishment of ancillary facilities with lenders on a bilateral basis. Each cash advance under the Revolving
Credit Facility 2028 is to be repaid in full on the maturity date being November 2028. Amounts repaid may be re-
borrowed. A commitment fee of 35% of the margin then applicable on the available undrawn commitment is payable
quarterly in arrears during the availability period, or on the last day of the availability period, which is one month prior to
the maturity date. A utilization fee is also payable in the range of —% to 0.3% per annum based on the proportion of
revolving credit facility loans to the total Revolving Credit Facility 2028 commitments. The utilization fee accrues from
day to day and is payable in arrears on the last day of each successive period of three months that ends during the
availability period. As of December 31, 2025, we had an outstanding principal amount of $538 million (£400 million)
under the Revolving Credit Facility. We had an undrawn capacity of $0.93 billion (£0.69 billion) on the Revolving Credit
Facility with $13 million (£10 million) of capacity reserved for the issuance of guarantees as of December 31, 2025.
During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group had drawn $1,496 million (December 31, 2024: $126 million) and
repaid $966 million (December 31, 2024: $852 million) under the Revolving Credit Facility.
       The Term Loan A facilities, both Term Loan B facilities and the Revolving Credit Facility 2028 are secured by a first
priority security interest (subject to permitted liens) (x) over the shares held by an obligor in another obligor and (y) in
respect of obligors organized or incorporated in the United States, substantially all of our U.S. assets (subject to certain
exceptions) in accordance with the Agreed Guarantee and Security Principles (as defined in the TLA/TLB/RCF
Agreement).
       The TLA/TLB/RCF Agreement contains a number of affirmative covenants as well as negative covenants which
limit our ability to, among other things: (i) incur additional debt; (ii) grant additional liens on assets and equity; (iii)
distribute equity interests and/or distribute any assets to third parties; (iv) make certain loans or investments (including
acquisitions); (v) consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all assets; (vi) pay dividends on or
make distributions in respect of capital stock or make restricted payments; and (vii) modify the terms of certain debt or
organizational documents, in each case subject to certain permitted exceptions. The TLA/TLB/RCF Agreement requires us
to ensure that the ratio of consolidated net borrowings to consolidated EBITDA as defined therein (the net total leverage
ratio) is not greater than 5.20:1 on a bi-annual basis. As of December 31, 2025, we were in compliance with all applicable
covenants.
Senior Secured Notes
      On April 29, 2024, Flutter Treasury DAC (the “Issuer”) issued $525 million aggregate principal amount of 6.375%
senior secured notes due 2029 (the “2029 USD Notes”) and €500 million aggregate principal amount of 5.000% senior
secured notes due 2029 (the “2029 EUR Notes” and, together with the 2029 USD Notes, the “2029 Notes”), each issued at
100% of their nominal par value and pursuant to an indenture dated as of April 29, 2024 (the “Indenture”). The 2029 USD
Notes bear interest at a rate of 6.375% per annum and the 2029 EUR Notes bear interest at a rate of 5.000% per annum,
both payable semi-annually in arrears.




                                                              70
Table of Contents


      During fiscal 2025, the Issuer issued senior secured notes due 2031 comprising $1,625 million of 5.875% senior
secured notes due 2031 (the “2031 USD Notes”), €850 million of 4.000% senior secured notes due 2031 (the “2031 EUR
Notes”), and £700 million of 6.125% senior secured notes due 2031 (the “2031 GBP Notes” and, together with the 2031
USD Notes and the 2031 EUR Notes, the “2031 Notes”) pursuant to the indenture. The 2031 Notes bear interest payable
semi-annually in arrears.
       The 2029 Notes and the 2031 Notes (together, the "Notes") are senior secured obligations and rank pari passu in right
of payment with all existing and future senior debt of the Issuer that is not subordinated to the Notes. The Notes are secured
on a first-ranking basis by security interests granted over the collateral that also secure, as applicable, the obligations of the
Group under the TLA/TLB/RCF Agreement. The Notes are also guaranteed on a senior secured basis by the Group and
certain of its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Guarantors”), who are also obligors under the Group’s senior secured credit
facilities.
       Prior to April 15, 2026, the Issuer may redeem all or a portion of the 2029 Notes at a redemption price equal to 100%
of the principal amount of the 2029 Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, to but
excluding the date of the redemption, plus the applicable make-whole premium. In addition, prior to April 15, 2026, the
Issuer is entitled to redeem up to 40% of the aggregate principal amount of each series of 2029 Notes using the net cash
proceeds from certain equity offerings at a price equal to 106.375% of the principal amount of the 2029 USD Notes and
105% of the principal amount of the 2029 EUR Notes being redeemed, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest and
additional amounts, if any, to but excluding, the date of the redemption, subject to certain conditions set forth in the
Indenture that governs the 2029 Notes. Furthermore, at any time prior to April 15, 2026, the Issuer is entitled, during each
twelve month period commencing April 29, 2024 to redeem up to 10% of the aggregate principal amount outstanding of
each series of 2029 Notes at a redemption price equal to 103% of the principal amount redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid
interest and additional amounts, if any, to but excluding, the date of redemption. On or after April 15, 2026, the Issuer may
redeem some or all of the 2029 Notes at the redemption prices set forth in the Indenture.
       Prior to April 15, 2027, the Group may redeem all or a portion of the 2031 Notes at a redemption price equal to
100% of the principal amount of the 2031 Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts,
if any, to but excluding the date of the redemption, plus a make-whole premium. In addition, prior to April 15, 2027, the
Group is entitled to redeem up to 40% of the aggregate principal amount of each series of the 2031 Notes using the net cash
proceeds from certain equity offerings at a price equal to 105.875% of the principal amount of the 2031 USD Notes, 104%
of the principal amount of the 2031 EUR Notes and 106.125% of the principal amount of the 2031 GBP Notes being
redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to but excluding the date of the redemption,
subject to certain conditions set forth in the Indenture that governs the 2031 Notes. Furthermore, at any time prior to April
15, 2027, the Group is entitled, during each twelve month period commencing April 15, 2027 to redeem up to 10% of the
aggregate principal amount of each series of the 2031 Notes at a redemption price equal to 103% of the principal amount
redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to but excluding, the date of redemption. On or
after April 15, 2027, the Issuer may redeem some or all of the 2031 Notes at the redemption prices set forth in the
Indenture.
      As of December 31, 2025, the Group was in compliance with all applicable debt covenants.
      In addition, the Group is obligated to make periodic interest payments at variable rates, depending on the terms of the
applicable debt agreements. Actual future interest payments may differ from these amounts based on changes in floating
interest rates or other factors or events.
      The Group uses derivative financial instruments to hedge interest rate risk and foreign currency rate risk arising from
long-term debt as discussed in Note 16.
Long-term Debt
       As of December 31, 2025, we had an aggregate principal amount of long-term debt of $12.3 billion, with $52 million
due within 12 months. In addition, we are obligated to make periodic interest payments, depending on the terms of the
applicable debt agreements. Based on applicable interest rates and scheduled debt maturities as of December 31, 2025, our
total interest obligation on long-term debt totaled $619 million payable within 12 months, net of hedging. Actual future
interest payments may differ from these amounts based on changes in floating interest rates or other factors or events.
Excluded from these amounts are other costs related to indebtedness.
Leases
      We have lease arrangements primarily for offices, retail stores and data centers. As of December 31, 2025, the Group
had operating lease obligations of $606 million with $173 million payable within 12 months.




                                                               71
Table of Contents


Share Repurchases
      On September 25, 2024, our Board authorized a share repurchase program (the “2024 Share Repurchase Program”) of
up to $5 billion of our ordinary shares. While the authorization does not have a stated expiration date, we expect the 2024
Share Repurchase Program to be deployed over the next several years, consistent with our capital allocation priorities. The
timing and the actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price,
economic and market conditions and our capital requirements. We may from time to time in the future repurchase shares on
the open market on a case by case basis or on a non-discretionary basis pursuant to a plan or in any other manner designed
to comply with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, through block
trades, in privately negotiated transactions, by effecting a tender offer, through the purchase of call options or the sale of
put options, or otherwise, or by any combination of the foregoing. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had
repurchased 4,372,518 ordinary shares under the 2024 Share Repurchase Program for a total of $1,121 million.
Other Purchase Obligations
     As of December 31, 2025, material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations relating to
sponsorship, marketing, media and other agreements aggregated $6,016 million, with $2,222 million payable within 12
months. Capital expenditure commitments contracted for but not yet incurred as of December 31, 2025, was $20 million.

Cash Flow Information
      The following table summarizes our consolidated cash flow information for the periods presented:

                                                                                   Year ended December 31,
        (Amounts in $ millions)                                             2025            2024             2023
        Net cash provided by (used in):
        Operating activities                                            $       1,184 $         1,602 $           937
        Investing activities                                            $      (3,481) $         (811) $         (602)
        Financing activities                                            $       2,428 $          (469) $         (113)

Fiscal 2025 Compared to Fiscal 2024
      Operating Activities
     Net cash provided by operating activities for fiscal 2025 decreased by $418 million, or 26%, to $1,184 million
compared to $1,602 million for fiscal 2024.
      The movement in our cash flows from operating activities was primarily driven by (i) a cash outflow in player
deposit liabilities of $439 million due to timing of sports events, customer friendly sports results in the US during 2024 and
payment of lottery winnings by Sisal in fiscal 2025 as a result of the rollover of the lottery jackpot as of December 31,
2024, (ii) an outflow of $205 million relating to the Boyd market access fee termination payment, partially offset by (i) an
improvement in cash operating performance before the Boyd payment of $117 million and (ii) a cash inflow of $87 million
due to sale of player deposit investments.
      Investing Activities
      Net cash used in investing activities for fiscal 2025 increased by $2,670 million, or 329%, to $3,481 million
compared to $811 million for fiscal 2024, primarily driven by an increase in cash payments of purchase consideration, net
of cash acquired, for acquiring Snai and NSX in fiscal 2025 offset by MaxBet and BeyondPlay in fiscal 2024 and an
increase in capital expenditures year over year.
      Financing Activities
       For fiscal 2025, net cash provided by financing activities increased by $2,897 million, or 618%, to $2,428 million
compared to $469 million cash used in financing activities for fiscal 2024. The increase was primarily driven by (i) a net
proceeds from issuance of long-term debt in fiscal 2025 compared to a net repayment of long-term debt fiscal 2024,
partially offset by (ii) payments of $1,620 million related to acquisition of non-controlling interest in FanDuel and Junglee
in fiscal 2025 and (iii) an increase in repurchase of ordinary shares and taxes withheld and paid on employee share awards
year over year.




                                                             72
Table of Contents


Fiscal 2024 Compared to Fiscal 2023
      Operating Activities
     Net cash generated from operating activities for fiscal 2024 increased by $665 million, or 71%, to $1,602 million
compared to $937 million for fiscal 2023.
       The improvement in our cash flows from operating activities was primarily driven by (i) an improvement in our
operating profit and (ii) a cash inflow of $245 million from player deposits for fiscal 2024 versus a cash outflow of $383
million for fiscal 2023 largely due to the payment of lottery winnings by Sisal in fiscal 2023, which was at a high point as a
result of the rollover of the lottery jackpot of December 31, 2022. The improvement was partially offset by (i) a payment of
$213 million on settlement of derivatives in fiscal 2024 compared with a receipt of $215 million on maturity of derivatives
in fiscal 2023 and (ii) an increase in cash outflow on prepaid expenses and other current assets.
      Investing Activities
      Net cash used in investing activities for fiscal 2024 increased by $209 million, or 35%, to $811 million compared to
$602 million for fiscal 2023, primarily driven by cash payments of purchase consideration, net of cash acquired, for
acquiring MaxBet and BeyondPlay and an increase in capital expenditure.
      Financing Activities
      For fiscal 2024, net cash used in financing activities increased by $356 million, or 315%, to $469 million compared
to $113 million for fiscal 2023. The increase was primarily driven by a net repayment of long-term debt fiscal 2024
compared to a net proceeds from issuance of long-term debt in fiscal 2023 offset by cash used in acquiring the redeemable
non-controlling interest in Junglee in fiscal 2023.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
       As of the date of this Annual Report, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably
likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses,
results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
Fox Option Liability
      In connection with our acquisition of TSG, we and Fox entered into the Fox Option Term Sheet that, among other
things, granted Fox an option to acquire from us the Fastball Units in FanDuel Parent that were the subject of a put and call
option between us and Fastball.
      As of December 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, the option price was $4.8 billion and $4.5 billion, respectively.
Such price is subject to a 5% annual compounding carrying value adjustment. Fox has until December 2030 to exercise the
Fox Option. Cash payment is required at the time of exercise and the Fox Option can only be exercised in full. Exercise of
the Fox Option requires Fox to be licensed and should Fox not exercise within this timeframe, the Fox Option shall lapse.
     The Fox Option is measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. As of December 31,
2025 and December 31, 2024, the fair value of the Fox Option amounts to $560 million and $810 million, respectively,
which was determined using an option pricing model.
      Our use of the option pricing model requires the input of subjective assumptions, including the expected term of the
option, expected volatility of the price of investor units in FanDuel, the discount for lack of marketability (“DLOM”), the
discount for lack of control (“DLOC”), and the probability of a market participant getting licensed. The assumptions used
in our option pricing model represent management’s best estimates.




                                                             73
Table of Contents


      Changes in assumptions, each in isolation, may change the fair value of the Fox Option. Generally, a decrease in the
equity value of the investor units, volatility and the probability of Fox getting licensed and an increase in DLOM and
DLOC may result in a decrease in the fair value of the Fox Option. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair
value of the Fox Option Liability, the fair value of the Fox Option Liability may fluctuate from period to period.
Additionally, the fair value of the Fox Option Liability may differ significantly from the value that would have been used
had a readily available market existed for FanDuel. In addition, changes in the market environment and other events that
may occur over the life of the Fox Option may cause the losses ultimately realized on the Fox Option to be different than
the unrealized losses reflected in the valuations currently assigned. Please see Note 20 “Fair Value Measurements” to the
consolidated financial statements included in Part II, “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this
Annual Report. The range in fair value as of December 31, 2025, is $57 million to $1,814 million, assuming a 10%
increase/decrease in the equity value of the investor units and using the upper and lower end of the ranges of volatility,
DLOC and DLOM, as disclosed in Note 20 to the audited consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2025 and
December 31, 2024, and for the years ended December 31, 2025, December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023.
Allocation of Goodwill to Reporting Units and Goodwill Impairment Testing
      We assessed our reporting units following the reorganization of our reporting structure within the International
segment. Among the five reporting units identified during the first quarter of fiscal 2025 and the new Brazil reporting unit
identified during the second quarter of fiscal 2025, Sportsbet was the previously identified Australia reporting unit and Sky
Bet, Paddy Power, Betfair and tombola formed the legacy UKI reporting unit, both of which had pre-existing goodwill.
      We were required to allocate goodwill in the previous International reporting unit to the newly identified reporting
units based on their relative fair values.
      We estimated the respective fair values of these reporting units based on a discounted cash flow model under the
income approach, which utilized various inputs and assumptions, including projected operating results, growth rates and
capital expenditures from the projection process, applicable tax rates, estimated depreciation and amortization, changes in
working capital, and terminal growth rates applied to projected operating results in the terminal period, and a weighted-
average cost of capital rate. The comparable market multiples and the Company's market capitalization were also utilized to
corroborate the results of the discounted cash flow models under the income approach.
      The fair values of these new reporting units were also used in the quantitative goodwill impairment testing
immediately after the change by comparing each reporting unit’s fair value with the carrying value. Based on the analysis
performed, we determined there was no impairment of goodwill for any of the reporting units following the change in
reporting structure within the International segment. A reasonably possible change of plus (minus) 50 basis points in the
weighted-average cost of capital rate and terminal growth rate, with other assumptions held constant, would not result in an
impairment of any of these reporting units.
Goodwill Impairment Testing
     We test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis in the fourth fiscal quarter and between
annual tests whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying value of a reporting unit may exceed its fair value.
      We may first assess the qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a
reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. The qualitative assessment includes, but is not limited to, reviewing factors
such as macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, our financial performances and other
events, such as changes in our management and strategy. If we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value is
less than the carrying amount, then the quantitative goodwill impairment test is performed. Alternatively, we may
unconditionally bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed directly to performing a quantitative assessment.
     We performed the annual goodwill impairment assessment on October 1, 2025. Based on the qualitative goodwill
impairment test performed, we determined that the goodwill of each of the reporting units of the U.S., UKI, CEE, SEA,
Brazil and Australia were not impaired.
      On November 26, 2025, the UK government announced an increase on remote gaming duty rates from 21% to 40%
effective from April 1, 2026 and an increase in general betting duty which will apply to all online sports betting (ex-horse
racing) from 15% to 25% effective from April 1, 2027. As a result of these tax increases, we identified a triggering event
for the UKI reporting unit as the expected lower operating results suggested that the fair value of the UKI reporting unit
may have fallen below its carrying amount.
     As a result, we carried out a quantitative goodwill impairment test as of December 31, 2025.




                                                             74
Table of Contents


      We estimated the fair values of the UKI reporting unit based on a discounted cash flow model under the income
approach, which utilized various inputs and assumptions, including projected operating results, which included the
projected impact of gambling tax increases on the UKI reporting unit’s costs, and the impact of first and second round
planned mitigation of the Group. The first round of mitigation includes a reduction in cost, including reduced operational,
promotional and marketing spend. The second-round mitigation includes projected overall market size decline, and the
Group's projected market share growth. Additionally, we applied a terminal growth rate of 2.6% to projected operating
results in the terminal period, and a discount rate of 8.5%.
      Based on the analysis performed, we determined there was no impairment of goodwill for the UKI reporting unit as
the fair value of the UKI reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by $3,802 million.
     We continue to monitor key factors that could impact the fair value of our reporting units, including regulatory
developments, market conditions, changes in macroeconomic conditions, industry-specific trends, on-going financial
performance, and regulatory or competitive environments. If there is any adverse impact on the reporting units resulting
from these changes, it may be necessary to perform additional impairment testing, which could result in a future
impairment charge.
Valuation of Assets and Liabilities Acquired in a Business Combination
      The accounting for a business combination requires the excess of the purchase price for an acquisition over the net
book value of assets acquired to be allocated to identifiable assets, including intangible assets. Valuations are performed by
independent valuation specialists under management’s supervision. We use various recognized valuation methods
including present value modelling.
     Significant estimates and assumptions that we must make in estimating the fair value of acquired trademarks and
customer relationships include future cash flows that we expect to generate from the acquired assets, including expected
revenue growth rates, estimated royalty rates, customer attrition rates, profitability and discount rates.
       The fair value of the acquired trade name is generally estimated using the relief from royalty method, which
calculates the cost savings associated with owning rather than licensing the trade name. Assumed royalty rates are applied
to the projected revenues for the remaining useful life of the trade name to estimate the royalty savings. The fair value of
customer relationships is estimated using the multi-period excess earnings method. The multi-period excess earnings
method model estimates revenues and cash flows derived from the primary asset and then deducts portions of the cash flow
that can be attributed to supporting assets, such as trade name, technology and working capital that contributed to the
generation of the cash flows. The resulting cash flow, which is attributable solely to the primary asset acquired, is then
discounted at a rate of return commensurate with the risk of the asset to calculate a present value. Please see Note 12
“Business Combinations and Disposals” to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, “Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report.
      We believe that the estimated fair values assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on
reasonable assumptions that a marketplace participant would use. While we use our best estimates and assumptions to
accurately value assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date, our estimates are inherently uncertain and
subject to refinement. If the subsequent actual results and updated projections of the underlying business activity change
compared with the assumptions and projections used to develop these values, we could record impairment charges. In
addition, we have estimated the economic lives of certain acquired assets and these lives are used to calculate depreciation
and amortization expense. If our estimates of the economic lives change, depreciation or amortization expenses could be
accelerated or slowed.
Impairment of PokerStars Acquired Intangible Assets
       In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, PokerStars undertook a strategy and operational model assessment aimed at
maximizing the value of PokerStars’ proprietary poker assets, by efficiently leveraging the existing technology solutions
and marketing resources across the Group and unlocking synergies with other Flutter brands in their existing markets to
deliver sustainable growth consistent with our International segment strategy to combine global scale with local presence.
A decision was made in December 2023 to move away from the existing capital intensive PokerStars technology in order
to improve efficiency and performance of the business by leveraging technology and marketing resources across the Group,
thereby unlocking synergies with other Flutter brands. This decision led the Group to revaluate its asset grouping of
PokerStars’ acquired intangible assets. In determining the asset grouping, we assessed the revenue dependency and level of
shared costs between assets. As a result of the change in strategy and operational model, we concluded that the acquired
intangible assets representing customer relations should now be allocated to four distinct asset groups. Prior to the change
in strategy and operational model, the acquired intangibles were included in a single asset group. The PokerStars trademark
was not allocated to any of the four distinct asset groups as it is able to generate identifiable cash flows that are largely
independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities under the new strategy and operational model.




                                                             75
Table of Contents


       We performed a qualitative assessment on the four asset groups and PokerStars trademark, considering historical
performance, market outlook and updates to future operating plans, to determine if there was any triggering event for
impairment testing arising from the change in the strategy and operational model. Based on this assessment, we concluded
that there were triggering events for impairment testing for both the trademark and the customer relationships allocated to
an asset group comprising global shared poker liquidity markets. After performing a recoverability test, we concluded that
the carrying amount of this asset group is recoverable with the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from
the use of the asset group exceeding its carrying amount by 94% as of December 31, 2023.
      The carrying amount of the PokerStars trademark was determined to be not recoverable as it exceeded the sum of the
undiscounted cash flows expected to result from its use, which reflected the impact of lower projected royalty revenue
consequent to the decision to change the strategy and operational model, and therefore an impairment loss was measured as
the amount by which the carrying amount of the PokerStars trademark exceeded its fair value.
       In measuring the impairment loss of the PokerStars trademark, we utilized the relief from royalty method under the
income approach to estimate the fair value. Assumptions inherent in estimating the fair value include revenue forecast,
royalty rate of 5.0%, income tax rate of 12.5%, and discount rate of 12.5%. We selected the assumptions used in the
financial forecasts using historical data, supplemented by current and anticipated market conditions and estimated growth
rates. Financial forecasts beyond the period covered by the plans were estimated by extrapolating the projections based on
the plans using a steady growth in line with the long-term average growth for the countries in which the trademark is used.
We recorded an impairment loss of $725 million related to the PokerStars trademark.
     We considered the royalty rate and discount rate used to estimate the fair value of the PokerStars trademark are the
most material assumptions. The range in fair value as of December 31, 2023, was $337 million to $533 million, assuming a
100-basis-point increase in the discount rate and 250-basis-point increase in the royalty rate.
Litigation and Claims
        We are regularly involved as plaintiffs or defendants in claims and litigation related to our past and current business
operations. We establish an accrued liability for legal claims and indemnification claims when we determine that a loss is
both probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Our estimates are based on all known facts at the
time and our assessment of the ultimate outcome. As additional information becomes available, we reassess the potential
liability related to our pending claims and litigation and may revise our estimates The amount of any loss ultimately
incurred in relation to matters for which an accrual has been established may be higher or lower than the amounts accrued
for such matters. The estimates require significant judgment, given the varying stages of the proceedings, the numerous
yet-unresolved issues in many of the claims and the uncertainty of the various potential outcomes of such claims. We
vigorously defend ourselves against improper claims, including those asserted in litigation. Due to the unpredictable nature
of litigation, there can be no assurance that our accruals will be sufficient to cover the extent of our potential exposure to
losses. Any fees, expenses, fines, penalties, judgments or settlements which might be incurred by us in connection with the
various proceedings could affect our results of operations and financial condition. Please see Note 21 “Commitments and
Contingencies” to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, “Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Market Risk
      Market risk relates to the risk that changes in prices, including sports betting prices or odds, interest rates, and
foreign currency exchange rates will impact our income or the value of our financial instruments. Market risk management
has the function of managing and controlling our exposures to market risk to within acceptable limits, while at the same
time ensuring that returns are optimized.
      The management of market risk is performed by the Group under the supervision of the Risk and Sustainability
Committee of the Board and management’s Treasury Committee (the “Treasury Committee”) and according to the
guidelines approved by them. The Group utilizes derivatives where there is an identified requirement to manage profit or
loss volatility. The Group does not hold derivative financial instruments of a speculative nature or for trading purposes.
      There have been no material changes to our market risk during the fiscal year 2025.




                                                              76
Table of Contents


Sportsbook Prices/Odds and iGaming
      Managing the risks associated with sportsbook bets is a fundamental part of our business. We have a separate risk
department which has responsibility for the compilation of bookmaking odds and for sportsbook risk management. We
employ theoretical win rates to estimate what a certain type of sportsbook bet, on average, will win or lose in the long run.
Our risk department is responsible for the creation and pricing of all betting markets and the trading of those markets
through their lives. A mix of traditional bookmaking approaches combined with risk management techniques from other
industries is applied to our business, and extensive use is made of mathematical models and information technology. We
have set predefined limits for the acceptance of sportsbook bet risks. Stake and loss limits are set by reference to individual
sports, events and bet types. These limits are subject to formal approval by the Risk and Sustainability Committee. Risk
management policies also require sportsbook bets to be hedged with third parties in certain circumstances to limit potential
losses.
Credit Risk
      Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash
equivalents, player deposits and derivatives. We maintain cash and cash equivalents with various domestic and foreign
financial institutions of high credit quality. We perform periodic evaluations of the relative credit standing of all of the
aforementioned institutions through regular monitoring of credit ratings, credit default swaps and other public information,
and take action to adjust exposures to ensure that exposures to lower-rated counter parties are kept to an acceptable level.
We have set conservative credit rating and tenor-based limits for exposures to counter parties as part of our treasury policy.
Investments are held primarily in money market funds, short duration corporate and government bonds, all of which are
investment grade, based on ratings assigned by credit rating agencies.
      Our sports betting, gaming, lottery and poker businesses are predominantly cash and card based, requiring players to
pay in advance of us satisfying our performance obligation. Accounts receivable predominately consist of receivables from
our point of sales affiliates in Italy. Procedures and controls exist in selection of point of sales affiliates with limits in place
for acceptance of wagers on gaming terminals, when applicable, as well as daily checks on credit trends, including
blocking gaming terminals if there are unpaid amounts. During fiscal 2025 and 2024, we did not have any one player that
accounted for 10% or more of total revenues.
Currency Risk
      We are exposed to foreign currency risk in respect of balances that are denominated in a currency other than the
functional currency of the recording entity. A change in exchange rates between the functional currency and the currency in
which a transaction is denominated increases or decreases the expected amount of functional currency cash flows upon
settlement of the transaction. That increase or decrease in expected functional currency cash flows is a foreign currency
transaction gain or loss and is included in determining net income (loss) for the period in which the exchange rate changes.
       To minimize the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on the Group’s results, the Group looks to match foreign
currency denominated liabilities with foreign currency denominated assets where possible. For the Group’s material
currencies and where cost effective to do so, we seek to mitigate the impact of changes in foreign currency rates by
borrowing centrally in foreign currency denominated debt (after considering the impact of hedging arrangements) in the
same proportion as the Adjusted EBITDA earned by our foreign operations in those currencies, thus ensuring the foreign
currency denominated debt is repaid with receipts from foreign currency earnings. Subject to operating within limits
stipulated in our treasury policies, and, above these limits, with the Treasury Committee approval, we may use forward
contracts and other derivative instruments as permitted by our treasury policies to reduce foreign currency exposure.
Surplus net foreign currency inflows are predominantly sold at spot rates.
      We are also exposed to the net investment in our foreign operations. Such an exposure is a result of the translation of
the net investment into the Group's reporting currency. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates, and in particular the
strengthening of the U.S. dollar, will negatively affect our revenue gross and operating profits as expressed in U.S. dollar.
       We may enter into cross currency swaps and forwards with financial institutions to protect against foreign exchange
risks associated with certain existing assets and liabilities, forecasted future cash flows and net investments in foreign
subsidiaries. In addition, we have entered, and in the future may enter, into foreign currency contracts to offset the foreign
currency exchange gains and losses on our foreign currency denominated debt and net investment in foreign operations.
      To provide an assessment of the foreign currency risk, we performed a sensitivity analysis to assess the potential
impact of a 10% fluctuations in GBP, EUR, AUD and USD exchange rates against functional currencies. These exchange
rates were applied to our total foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities denominated in GBP, EUR, AUD and USD.
These changes would have resulted in foreign currency exchange gains and losses of $108 million, $192 million and $165
million as of December 31, 2025, December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively.




                                                                 77
Table of Contents


      Based upon the current levels of net foreign assets, a hypothetical 10% appreciation of the U.S. dollar as compared to
functional currencies of our foreign operations as of December 31, 2025 would result in an approximate $608 million
negative translation adjustment recorded in other comprehensive income. Conversely, a hypothetical 10% depreciation of
the U.S. dollar as compared to these currencies as of December 31, 2025 would result in an approximate $608 million
positive translation adjustment recorded in other comprehensive income.
Interest Rate Risk
       Our exposure to changes in interest rates includes fluctuations in the amounts of interest paid on our long-term
indebtedness, as well as the interest earned on our cash and investments. We manage our exposure to changes in interest
rates through offsetting exposures and the use of derivative instruments. As of fiscal 2025 and 2024, the Company had
unhedged outstanding floating rate long term debt with varying maturities for an aggregate principal amount of $6,629
million and $3,093 million, respectively. We may in the future enter into interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk on
our outstanding long-term debt. Interest rate swaps allow us to effectively convert fixed-rate payments into floating-rate
payments or floating-rate payments into fixed-rate payments. Gains and losses on term debt are generally offset by the
corresponding losses and gains on the related hedging instrument. A 100-basis point increase in market interest rates would
cause interest expense on our long-term debt as of December 31, 2025, December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 to
increase $61 million, $31 million and $37 million on an annualized basis, respectively.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk
     See “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—B. Liquidity
and Capital Resources—Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.”




                                                             78
Table of Contents


Item 8.      Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     See the Financial Statements beginning on page 83.

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2025 AND 2024 AND FOR THE
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025, 2024 AND 2023:
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (KPMG, Dublin, Republic of Ireland, PCAOB
ID:1116)                                                                                              80
Consolidated Balance Sheets                                                                           83
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)                                                84
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity and Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests   85
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                                                 87
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                                            89




                                                          79
Table of Contents


                               Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors
Flutter Entertainment plc:

Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Flutter Entertainment plc and subsidiaries (the
Company) as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss),
changes in shareholders’ equity and redeemable non-controlling interests, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-
year period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also
have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria
established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of
the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
The Company acquired 100% of the outstanding shares of Pluto (Italia) S.p.A, the holding company that owns Snaitech
S.p.A (“Snai”) during 2025, and management excluded from its assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, Snai’s internal control over financial reporting associated with
12% of total assets and 5% of total revenues included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for
the year ended December 31, 2025. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also excluded an
evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of Snai.

Basis for Opinions
The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal
control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting,
included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company’s internal control
over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained
in all material respects.
Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and
disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial
statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and
operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other
procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinions.




                                                              80
Table of Contents


Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and
that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and
directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated
financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to
accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our
opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they
relate.

Valuation of trademarks and online customer relationships assets acquired in a business combination
As discussed in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements, on April 30, 2025, the Company completed the
acquisition of 100% of the outstanding shares of Pluto (Italia) S.p.A, the holding company that owns Snaitech S.p.A
(“Snai”), for a consideration of €2.3 billion ($2.6 billion). In connection with the business combination, the Company
recorded various intangible assets, which included trademarks and online customer relationships assets with provisional
fair values of $717 million and $490 million, respectively.
We identified the evaluation of the provisional fair values of the trademarks and online customer relationships assets as a
critical audit matter. A high degree of subjective auditor judgement was required to evaluate the significant assumptions,
specifically:
     • revenue growth rates, the royalty rate and the discount rate applied in the valuation of the trademarks; and
     • follow-on revenue, profitability, customer attrition rate and the discount rate applied in the valuation of the online
          customer relationship assets.
Changes in these assumptions could have a significant effect on the fair values. Additionally, the evaluation of the royalty
rate, customer attrition rate and discount rates required specialized skills and knowledge.
The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter.
We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company’s
business combination process. This included controls related to the determination of revenue growth rates, the royalty rate
and the discount rate for trademarks, as well as controls related to follow-on revenue, profitability, the customer attrition
rate, and the discount rate for customer relationship assets.
We evaluated revenue growth rates for trademarks, and follow-on revenue and profitability for customer relationships
assets, by comparing them to the acquiree’s historical results and relevant industry data.
We also involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in:
   • evaluating the royalty rate by comparing it to an independently developed range of royalty rates using publicly
        available market data for comparable entities;
   • assessing the attrition rate by comparing it to historic customer attrition rates of the acquiree; and
   • analyzing the discount rates by comparing them to independently developed ranges of discount rates using
        publicly available market data for comparable entities.




                                                              81
Table of Contents


Valuation of FOX’s option to acquire stake in FanDuel
As discussed in Note 20, Flutter has an agreement with the FOX Corporation (FOX) that provides FOX with an option (the
Fox Option) to acquire an 18.6% equity interest in FanDuel Group LLC, Flutter’s US subsidiary. As the Company is the
writer of this option, the settlement obligation is recorded as a liability on its balance sheet and adjusted to fair value
through the consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss).
We identified the assessment of the valuation of the Fox Option as a critical audit matter. A high degree of auditor
judgment was required in evaluating certain key assumptions used to determine the fair value of the option, specifically, the
discounts applied for lack of control and marketability, licensing probability, implied volatility rates and the enterprise
value of FanDuel. Minor changes to these assumptions could have a significant effect on the valuation. The following are
the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the Company's licensing
probability assumption by comparing the assumption to contractual and regulatory requirements and available industry
data. We involved valuation professionals with specialized skill and knowledge who assisted in:
     • evaluating the discounts applied for lack of control and marketability by comparing against comparable market
         data; and
     •    evaluating the implied volatility rates and enterprise value of FanDuel using market comparables and other
         publicly available market data.

/s/ KPMG
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2018.
Dublin, Ireland
February 26, 2026




                                                             82
Table of Contents


FLUTTER ENTERTAINMENT PLC

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
($ in millions except share and per share amounts)

                                                                                                As of December 31,
                                                                                              2025              2024
ASSETS
CURRENT ASSETS:
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                             $       1,828 $              1,531
   Cash and cash equivalents – restricted                                                           72                   48
   Player deposits – cash and cash equivalents                                                   1,932                1,930
   Player deposits – investments                                                                    23                  130
   Accounts receivable, net                                                                        190                   98
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                                       751                  607
TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS                                                                             4,796                4,344
   Investments                                                                                       7                    6
   Property and equipment, net                                                                     630                  493
   Operating lease right-of-use assets                                                             550                  507
   Intangible assets, net                                                                        7,019                5,364
   Goodwill                                                                                     15,825               13,352
   Deferred tax assets                                                                             309                  267
   Other non-current assets                                                                        144                  175
TOTAL ASSETS                                                                             $      29,280 $             24,508
LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS AND
SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
CURRENT LIABILITIES:
   Accounts payable                                                                      $         386 $                266
   Player deposit liability                                                                      1,859                1,940
   Operating lease liabilities                                                                     130                  119
   Long-term debt due within one year                                                              109                   53
   Other current liabilities                                                                     2,559                2,212
TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                                        5,043                4,590
   Operating lease liabilities – non-current                                                       476                  428
   Long-term debt                                                                               12,157                6,683
   Deferred tax liabilities                                                                      1,105                  605
   Other non-current liabilities                                                                   801                  935
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                                        $      19,582 $             13,241
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 21)
REDEEMABLE NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS                                                                 424              1,808
SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
    Ordinary share (Authorized 300,000,000 shares of €0.09 (2025:$0.11; 2024:$0.10 )
    par value each; issued 2025: 175,224,066 shares; 2024: 177,895,367 shares)           $           36 $                36
   Additional paid-in capital                                                                     1,989               1,611
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                                          (1,111)             (1,927)
   Retained earnings                                                                              8,124               9,573
Total Flutter Shareholders’ Equity                                                                9,038               9,293
   Non-controlling interests                                                                        236                 166
TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY                                                                        9,274               9,459
TOTAL LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY                                                                 $      29,280 $             24,508


                 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                                           83
Table of Contents


FLUTTER ENTERTAINMENT PLC

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)
($ in millions except share and per share amounts)

                                                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                                                 2025         2024              2023
Revenue                                                                      $     16,383 $     14,048 $          11,790
    Cost of Sales                                                                  (8,979)      (7,346)           (6,202)
Gross profit                                                                        7,404        6,702             5,588
    Technology, research and development expenses                                    (991)        (820)             (765)
    Sales and marketing expenses                                                   (3,678)      (3,205)           (3,776)
    General and administrative expenses                                            (2,182)      (1,808)           (1,596)
    Goodwill impairment                                                              (517)          —                 —
Operating profit (loss)                                                                36          869              (549)
    Other income (expense), net                                                       358         (434)             (157)
    Interest expense, net                                                            (515)        (419)             (385)
(Loss) income before income taxes                                                    (121)          16            (1,091)
    Income tax (expense) benefit                                                     (286)         146              (120)
Net (loss) income                                                                    (407)         162            (1,211)
    Net (loss) gain attributable to non-controlling interests and redeemable
    non-controlling interests                                                        (27)            53              13
    Adjustment of redeemable non-controlling interest to redemption value            (70)            66              (2)
    Net (loss) income attributable to Flutter shareholders - basic and
       diluted                                                                      (310)            43           (1,222)
(Loss) earnings per share
    Basic                                                                          (1.75)          0.24            (6.89)
    Diluted                                                                        (1.75)          0.24            (6.89)
Other comprehensive income (loss), after tax:
    Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges                  (100)           (12)            (121)
    Fair value of cash flow hedges transferred to the income statement                87             32               93
    Changes in excluded components of fair value hedge                               (12)            (1)              —
    Foreign exchange (loss) gain on net investment hedges                            (97)            73               30
    Foreign exchange gain (loss) on translation of the net assets of foreign
    currency denominated entities                                                    997           (554)            357
    Fair value movements on available for sale debt instruments                       —              —                5
    Income tax benefit related to items of other comprehensive loss                    9             —               —
Other comprehensive income (loss) income                                             884           (462)            364
    Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Flutter shareholders           816           (444)            299
    Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling
    interest and redeemable non-controlling interest                                  68            (18)              65
Total comprehensive income (loss) for the year                               $       477 $         (300) $          (847)


                The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                           84
Table of Contents


FLUTTER ENTERTAINMENT PLC
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY AND REDEEMABLE NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
($ in millions except share amounts)

                                                           Ordinary             Shares held by
                                                            Share              employee benefit
                                Redeemable                                                                          Accumulated
                                non-                                                                   Additional   Other                        Total Flutter   Non-
                                controlling                                                            Paid-In      Comprehensive   Retained     Shareholders’   controlling   Total           Net (loss)
                                interests         Shares          Amount    Shares        Amount       Capital      (Loss)          Earnings     Equity          Interests     Equity          income
Balance at January 1, 2023      $       929        176,091,902 $       36        1,396    $       (1) $     1,192   $      (1,782) $ 11,590      $     11,035    $     156     $ 11,191
Net (loss)                                    3              —         —             —            —            —               —       (1,222)         (1,222)            8       (1,214)          (1,211)
Adjustment of redeemable
non-controlling interest
redeemable at fair value                258                  —         —             —            —            —               —         (258)           (258)           —          (258)
Shares issued on exercise of
employee share options                   —             916,747         —             —            —            13              —           —               13            —              13
Ordinary shares of the
Company acquired by the
Employee Benefit Trust                   —                   —         —     1,106,417        (212)            —               —           —             (212)           —          (212)
Equity-settled transactions -
expense recorded in the
income statement                         —                   —         —             —            —           180              —           —              180            —          180
Equity-settled transactions -
vesting                                  —                   —         —    (1,107,813)       213              —               —           (4)            209            —          209
Acquisition of redeemable
non-controlling interests                (95)                —         —             —            —            —               —           —               —             —              —
Other Comprehensive Income               57                  —         —             —            —            —              299          —              299             8         307
Balance at December 31,
2023                            $      1,152       177,008,649 $       36            —    $       —    $    1,385   $      (1,483) $ 10,106      $     10,044    $     172     $ 10,216
Net income                              102                  —         —             —            —            —               —           43              43            17             60            162
Adjustment of redeemable
non-controlling interest
redeemable at fair value                455                  —         —             —            —            —               —         (455)           (455)           —          (455)
Shares issued on exercise of
employee share options                   —            1,331,464        —             —            —            30              —           —               30            —              30
Business combinations                   110                  —         —             —            —            —               —           —               —             —              —
Equity-settled transactions -
expense recorded in the
income statement                         —                   —         —             —            —           196              —           —              196            —          196
Repurchase of shares                     —            (444,746)        —             —            —            —               —         (121)           (121)           —          (121)
Dividend distributed to non-
controlling interests                    —                   —         —             —            —            —               —           —               —            (16)            (16)



                                                                                                  85
Table of Contents


                                                         Ordinary                Shares held by
                                                          Share                 employee benefit
                                Redeemable                                                                               Accumulated
                                non-                                                                    Additional       Other                         Total Flutter   Non-
                                controlling                                                             Paid-In          Comprehensive    Retained     Shareholders’   controlling   Total           Net (loss)
                                interests       Shares          Amount       Shares       Amount        Capital          (Loss)           Earnings     Equity          Interests     Equity          income
Other Comprehensive (Loss)               (11)              —         —                —            —            —                 (444)          —             (444)           (7)        (451)
Balance at December 31,
2024                            $      1,808     177,895,367 $       36               —   $        —    $    1,611       $      (1,927) $     9,573    $      9,293    $     166     $   9,459
Net (loss)                              (130)              —         —                —            —            —                   —          (310)           (310)           33         (277)            (407)
Adjustment of redeemable
non-controlling interest
redeemable at fair value                 81                —         —                —            —            —                   —          (139)           (139)           —          (139)
Shares issued on exercise of
employee share options                   —          1,134,701            0            —            —                 7              —            —                7            —               7
Equity-settled transactions -
expense recorded in the
income statement                         —                 —         —                —            —           246                  —            —              246            —           246
Settlement of liability-
classified share-based awards
in equity                                —           121,770             0            —            —            29                  —            —               29            —              29
Acquisition of NSX                      256                —         —                —            —            38                  —            —               38            —              38
Proceeds from non-
controlling interests                    —                 —         —                —            —            —                   —            —               —             27             27
Acquisition of redeemable
non-controlling interests             (1,620)              —         —                —            —            58                  —            —               58            —              58
Repurchase of shares                     —        (3,927,772)            0            —            —            —                   —        (1,000)         (1,000)           —         (1,000)
Dividend distributed to non-
controlling interests                     (2)              —         —                —            —            —                   —            —               —            (27)            (27)
Other Comprehensive income               31                —         —                —            —            —                  816           —              816            37          853
Balance at December 31,
2025                            $       424      175,224,066 $       36               — $          —    $    1,989       $      (1,111) $     8,124    $      9,038    $     236     $   9,274




                                                  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                                                                   86
Table of Contents


FLUTTER ENTERTAINMENT PLC
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
($ in millions)                                                                              Year ended December 31,
                                                                                           2025           2024           2023
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net (loss) income                                                                      $      (407) $        162     $    (1,211)
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash from operating activities:
 Depreciation and amortization                                                               1,517          1,097          1,285
 Impairment loss                                                                               561             —             725
 Change in fair value of derivatives                                                           (11)             2             (7)
 Non-cash interest expense (income), net                                                        53             19            (12)
 Non-cash operating lease expense                                                              141            142            117
 Unrealized foreign currency exchange gain, net                                                (88)           (15)          (225)
 Loss on disposals                                                                              11              7              5
 Share-based compensation – equity classified                                                  246            196            180
 Share-based compensation – liability classified                                                14              6             10
 Other (income) expense, net                                                                  (300)           428            163
 Deferred tax benefit                                                                         (145)          (348)          (132)
 Loss on extinguishment                                                                         23              7              6
 Change in contingent consideration                                                             —              (3)            (2)
 Change in operating assets and liabilities:
   Player deposits - investments                                                               120             33             (1)
   Accounts receivable                                                                          —             (11)            23
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                                   (60)           (73)           146
   Accounts payable                                                                            (20)            (7)            (4)
   Other liabilities                                                                          (106)          (104)           366
   Player deposit liability                                                                   (227)           212           (382)
   Operating leases liabilities                                                               (138)          (148)          (113)
Net cash provided by operating activities                                                    1,184          1,602           937
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Purchases of property and equipment                                                         (105)          (144)          (159)
  Purchases of intangible assets                                                              (162)          (136)          (175)
  Capitalized software                                                                        (510)          (381)          (268)
  Acquisitions, net of cash acquired                                                        (2,688)          (160)            —
  Proceeds from disposal of long lived assets                                                    5             —              —
  Cash settlement of derivatives designated in net investment hedge                            (21)            10             —
Net cash used in investing activities                                                       (3,481)          (811)          (602)
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Proceeds from issue of ordinary share upon exercise of options                                 7             30             13
  Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt (net of transactions costs with lenders)         10,830          1,684          2,018
  Transaction costs with third parties from issuance of long-term debt                         (22)            —              —
  Repayment of long-term debt                                                               (5,606)        (1,948)        (1,837)
  Acquisition of redeemable non-controlling interests                                       (1,620)            —             (95)
  Distributions to non-controlling interests                                                   (29)           (16)            —
  Payment of contingent consideration                                                          (19)            —              —
  Repurchase of ordinary shares and taxes withheld and paid on employee share awards        (1,123)          (219)          (212)
  Proceeds from sale of non-controlling interests                                               10             —              —
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                          2,428           (469)          (113)
NET INCREASE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH                                    131            322            222
CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH — Beginning of year                               3,509          3,271          2,990
Effect of foreign exchange on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                       192            (84)            59
CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH — End of year                               $     3,832    $     3,509    $     3,271




                                                                   87
Table of Contents


FLUTTER ENTERTAINMENT PLC
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (continued)
($ in millions)

                                                                                          Year ended December 31,
                                                                                      2025             2024             2023
CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH comprise of:
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                    $     1,828      $     1,531      $     1,497
     Cash and cash equivalents - restricted                                                   72               48               22
     Player deposits - cash and cash equivalents                                        1,932            1,930            1,752
CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH End of year                            $     3,832      $     3,509      $     3,271
SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:
Interest paid                                                                                531              462              408
Income tax paid (net of refunds)                                                             445              255              255
Operating cash flows from operating leases                                                   167              174              133
NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
Purchase of long lived assets with accrued expense- investing                                 75               15               —
Purchase of long lived assets with accrued expense- financing                                 72               —                —
Right of use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities                  94              155               73
Adjustments to lease balances as a result of remeasurement                                    50               47               22
Business acquisitions (including contingent consideration)                                   327                2               —
Proceeds from issuance as part of debt restructuring                                          —                —          5,267
Principal amount of extinguishment as part of debt restructuring                              —                —          4,622
Non-cash issuance of common stock upon exercise of options                                    29               —                —
Non-cash transaction costs on issuance of long-term debt                                       6               —                —
Asset retirement obligation                                                                   33               —                —
Sale of non-controlling interests                                                             17               —                —


                   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                                   88
Table of Contents


FLUTTER ENTERTAINMENT PLC
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.   ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS
     Flutter Entertainment plc (the “Company” or “Flutter”) and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the “Group”) is a
     global online sports betting and iGaming entity, operating some of the world’s most innovative, diverse and
     distinctive online sports betting and gaming brands such as FanDuel, Sky Betting & Gaming, Sportsbet, PokerStars,
     Paddy Power, Sisal, tombola, Betfair, TVG, Adjarabet, MaxBet, Snai and Betnacional. As of December 31, 2025, the
     Group offers its products in approximately 100 countries. The Company is a public limited company incorporated
     and domiciled in the Republic of Ireland with operational headquarters in New York.

2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     Basis of Presentation — The consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in
     accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) and pursuant to
     the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). These consolidated financial
     statements do not constitute statutory financial statements for the purpose of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland. Our
     statutory financial statements for fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, upon which our independent auditors have expressed an
     unqualified opinion, have been previously delivered to the Registrar of Companies and, in the case of the 2025
     financial statements, which are not yet published, are expected to be delivered to the Registrar of Companies within
     56 days of our annual return date in fiscal 2026.
     Use of Estimates — The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires
     management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts of assets and liabilities reported and
     disclosed in the consolidated financial statements. Significant estimates include, but are not limited to, the
     impairment assessment of acquired goodwill and intangible assets, determination of the valuation of level 3 financial
     instruments relating to the redeemable non-controlling interest at fair value, the Fox Option, the valuation of
     intangible assets acquired as part of a business combination, deferred tax assets and liabilities, unrecognized tax
     benefits and the determination of loss contingencies. Management evaluates its estimates and assumptions on an
     ongoing basis using historical experience and other factors, including the current economic environment, and makes
     adjustments when facts and circumstances dictate. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with
     precision, actual results could differ from those estimates.
     During the second quarter of fiscal 2025 the Group completed a review of the useful lives of customer relationships
     as a consequence of certain platform integration initiatives. The Group revised the remaining estimated useful lives
     of PokerStars’ and Sky Betting & Gaming’s customer relationships from 16 to 8 years and from 16 to 11 years,
     respectively, effective April 1, 2025. The Group accounted for the change in estimated remaining useful lives as a
     change in estimate under ASC 250 “Accounting Changes and Error Corrections”. The impact of the change in
     estimate was accounted for prospectively effective as of April 1, 2025, resulting in an increase in depreciation and
     amortization expense of $148 million ($135 million after tax, or a decrease of $0.76 per diluted share) for the year
     ended December 31, 2025. The change in the useful lives is expected to increase depreciation and amortization
     expense by $141 million ($128 million after tax), and $87 million ($81 million after tax) for the years ending
     December 31, 2026, and 2027, respectively.
     Principles of Consolidation — The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its
     wholly-owned subsidiaries and other subsidiaries where the Company directly or indirectly holds a controlling
     interest. All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
     Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities (“VIE”) — Our approach in assessing the consolidation requirements
     for variable interest entities focuses on identifying which enterprise has the power to direct the activities that most
     significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance and which enterprise has the obligation to absorb losses or the
     right to receive benefits from the VIE. Should we conclude that we are the primary beneficiary of a VIE, the assets,
     liabilities, and results of operations of the VIE are included in the consolidated financial statements. The Company
     continually evaluates whether it qualifies as the primary beneficiary and reconsiders its determination of whether an
     entity is a VIE, upon any reconsideration events. As of December 31, 2025, the Company has no unconsolidated
     VIEs.




                                                            89
Table of Contents


     In December 2025, the Company entered into a partnership with CME Group (“CME”) to form a business to develop
     and operate a platform that enables customers to trade prediction markets contracts. The Company has the power to
     direct the activities that most significantly affect the business’ economic performance and is exposed to the majority
     of the variability associated with it. As a result, the Company determined that it is the primary beneficiary of the
     business and therefore consolidates the entity. The aggregate carrying values of the business’ assets and liabilities,
     after elimination of any intercompany transactions and balances, and the results of operations for the period
     presented, are not material to the Company's consolidated financial statements.
     Fair Value Measurements — Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis in the Consolidated
     Balance Sheets are categorized based upon the level of judgment associated with the inputs used to measure their fair
     values. Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or an exit price that would be
     paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly
     transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value
     must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The authoritative guidance
     on fair value measurements establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy for disclosure of fair value measurements as
     follows:
     Level 1 — Inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement
     date;
     Level 2 — Inputs are observable, (other than Level 1 quoted prices) unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for
     similar assets or liabilities, unadjusted quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not
     active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full
     term of the related assets or liabilities; and
     Level 3 — Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market data for the related assets or liabilities.
     The categorization of a financial instrument within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input
     that is significant to the fair value measurement.
     Assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis relate primarily to (i) assets and
     liabilities acquired in connection with business combinations, and (ii) long lived assets and goodwill, which are
     remeasured when the fair value is below carrying value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For these assets, the
     Group does not periodically adjust carrying value to fair value, except in the event of impairment.
     Cash and Cash Equivalents — Cash and cash equivalents represent cash and highly liquid investments with an
     original contractual maturity at the date of purchase of three months or less and excludes customer monies, which are
     disclosed as Player Deposits. Cash and cash equivalents were $1,828 million as of December 31, 2025 and $1,531
     million as of December 31, 2024, which comprise cash and call deposits with an original maturity of three months or
     less and money market funds.
     Player Deposits – Cash and Cash Equivalents — Player deposits represent cash deposited by players in order to
     engage in our revenue-generating offerings and are held in various segregated bank accounts maintained and legally
     owned by the Group, but not used by the Group for general corporate purposes. The corresponding liability is
     recorded in player deposit liability, which represents the balances of players of the various platforms. A substantial
     portion of the player deposits which have a corresponding liability relating to our sports betting and iGaming
     operations are restricted from general corporate use by local licensing rules. Player deposits—cash and cash
     equivalents were $1,932 million as of December 31, 2025, and $1,930 million as of December 31, 2024.
     Concentration of Credit Risk — Financial instruments that potentially subject the Group to concentrations of credit
     risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, and player deposits. The Group maintains cash and cash
     equivalents with various domestic and foreign financial institutions of high credit quality.
     The Group performs periodic evaluations of the relative credit standing of all relevant institutions through regular
     monitoring of credit ratings, credit default swaps and other public information, and takes action to adjust exposures
     to ensure that exposures to lower rated counter parties are kept to an acceptable level.
     The Group’s sports betting and iGaming businesses are predominately cash and card businesses requiring players to
     pay in advance of the Group satisfying its performance obligation. Accounts receivable predominately consist of
     receivables from the Group’s point of sales affiliates in Italy. Procedures and controls exist in selection of point of
     sale affiliates with limits in place for acceptance of wagers on gaming terminals when applicable as well as daily
     checks on credit trends including blocking gaming terminals if there are unpaid amounts. During the years ended
     December 31, 2025, and 2024, the Group did not have any players that account for 10% or more of total revenues.
     Accounts receivable, net were $190 million as of December 31, 2025 and $98 million as of December 31, 2024.




                                                               90
Table of Contents


     Business Combinations — The Company accounts for business combinations under the acquisition method of
     accounting, in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations, which requires assets acquired and liabilities
     assumed to be recognized at their fair values as of the acquisition date. Any fair value of purchase consideration in
     excess of the fair value of the assets acquired less liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. The fair values of the
     assets acquired and liabilities assumed are determined based upon the valuation of the acquired business and involve
     management making significant estimates and assumptions.
     Property and Equipment, net — Property and equipment, net are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation.
     Depreciation is provided for using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Costs of
     maintenance and repairs that do not improve or extend the lives of the respective assets are expensed as incurred.
     Upon retirement or sale, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the Consolidated Balance
     Sheets and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated
     Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss).
     The estimated useful lives for property and equipment categories are as follows:

      Asset Class                                                                Useful Life
      Equipment                                                                  1 to 10 years
      Furniture and fixtures                                                     3 to 10 years
      Leasehold improvements                   Shorter of the useful life of the leasehold improvements and the remaining
                                              lease term except if there is a transfer of ownership or an option to purchase
                                              the underlying asset which Flutter is reasonably certain to exercise, in which
                                                  case leasehold improvements will be amortized over their useful life
      Buildings: Freehold                                                       25 to 50 years
      Land                                                                     Not depreciated

     The Group reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
     carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized when estimated
     undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the long-lived asset and its eventual disposition are
     less than its carrying amount being the excess of the carrying value of the impaired asset over its fair value.
     Intangible Assets, net – The Group’s intangible assets consist of trademarks, licenses, customer relationships,
     broadcasting and wagering rights, computer software and technology and software development costs. License fees
     incurred in connection with the application and subsequent renewal of licenses are capitalized. Intangible assets
     acquired in a business combination, such as trademarks, customer relationships and platform technology, are
     recognized at fair value at the acquisition date. Intangible assets are carried at cost less accumulated amortization and
     impairment losses. Intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life except for
     customer relationships which are amortized based on the estimated customer attrition rates.
     Finite lived intangible assets including capitalized software are tested for recoverability whenever events or changes
     in circumstances indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability is based
     on an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. An
     impairment expense is recognized when the estimated undiscounted future cash flows are less than the asset’s
     carrying amount being the excess of the carrying value of the impaired asset over its fair value.

      Asset Class                                                                     Useful Life
      Trademarks                                                                     8 to 20 years
      Licenses                                                                       2 to 20 years
      Customer relationships                                   7 to 20 years, based on estimated customer attrition rates
      Computer software and technology                                                2 to 5 years
      Development expenditure                                                         3 to 5 years

     The Group capitalizes the costs incurred to develop software for internal use, pursuant to ASC 350-40, Intangibles,
     Goodwill and Other—Internal-Use Software, during the application development stage, which include costs to
     design the software configuration and interfaces, coding, installation and testing. Costs incurred during the
     preliminary project stage along with post implementation stages of internal use software are expensed as incurred.
     Costs capitalized as internal use software are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of 3 to 5
     years and are included in cost of sales within the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss).




                                                             91
Table of Contents


     Leases — The Group has lease agreements primarily for offices, retail stores, data centers and marketing
     arrangements. At contract inception, the Group determines if a contract is or contains a lease and whether it is an
     operating or finance lease. The Group recognizes lease expense on a straight-line basis over the initial term of the
     lease unless external economic factors exist such that renewals are reasonably certain. In those instances, the renewal
     period would be included in the lease term to determine the period in which to recognize the lease expense. Leases
     with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Group elected the
     practical expedient to account for each lease component (e.g., the right to use office space) and the associated non-
     lease components (e.g., maintenance services) as a single lease component.
     Goodwill — Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets of
     businesses acquired in a business combination. Goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually in the fourth
     quarter of each fiscal year or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
     of goodwill may not be recoverable. The Group has elected to begin with qualitative assessment, commonly referred
     to as “Step 0,” to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its
     carrying amount. This qualitative assessment may include, but is not limited to, reviewing factors such as
     macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, entity-specific financial performance
     and other events, such as changes in the Group’s management, strategy and primary user base.
     If the Group determines that it is more likely than not that the fair value of goodwill is less than its carrying amount,
     then the Group performs the quantitative goodwill impairment test. If the fair value exceeds the carrying amount, no
     further analysis is required; otherwise, any excess of the goodwill carrying amount over the implied fair value is
     recognized as an impairment loss, and the carrying value of goodwill is written down to fair value.
     Long-term Debt — The Group’s long-term debt includes term loans, senior notes and a revolving credit facility.
     The term loans and senior notes are recorded at par value less debt issuance costs, which are recorded as a reduction
     in the carrying value of the debt. The discount, premium and issuance costs associated with the term loans and senior
     notes are amortized using the effective interest rate method over the term of the debt as a non-cash charge to interest
     expense. Borrowings under the revolving credit facility, if any, are recognized at principal balance plus accrued
     interest based upon stated interest rates. Long-term debt is presented as current if the liability is due to be settled
     within 12 months after the balance sheet date, unless the Group has the ability and intention to refinance on a long-
     term basis. In the event a debt is modified, the Group evaluates the transaction under ASC 470-50-40, Debt
     Modifications and Extinguishments. If the new debt terms are substantially different from the original debt terms, the
     original debt is accounted for as being extinguished and a new debt instrument will be recognized. If the new debt
     terms are not substantially different from the original debt terms, the transaction will be accounted for as a
     modification of the original debt terms.
     Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities — The Group uses derivative financial instruments for risk
     management and risk mitigation purposes. As such, any change in cash flows associated with derivative instruments
     are expected to be offset by changes in cash flows related to the hedged item. All derivatives are recorded at fair
     value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets in the other current assets, other non-current assets, other current
     liabilities, and other non-current liabilities. Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments are either
     recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income / (loss), other income/ (expense), net depending on the
     nature of the underlying exposure, whether the derivative is formally designated as a hedge and, if designated, the
     extent to which the hedge is effective. For undesignated hedges and designated cash flow hedges, this is primarily
     within the cash provided by operations component of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. For designated net
     investment hedges, this is within the cash provided by investing activities component of the Consolidated Statements
     of Cash Flows. For the Company’s cash flow hedges, which use cross currency interest rate swaps to mitigate the
     risk of fluctuation of coupon and principal cash flows due to changes in foreign currency and interest rates related to
     the Group's hedged long-term debt, the related cash flows are reflected within the net cash provided by operating
     activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
     Income Taxes — The Group accounts for income tax expense under the asset and liability method, which requires
     the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences attributable to operating
     loss carry-forwards and temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amount of existing assets and
     liabilities and their respective income tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted
     income tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which the related assets and liabilities are
     expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of a change in the income tax rates on deferred tax asset and liability
     balances is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date of such rate change. A valuation
     allowance is recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized.




                                                             92
Table of Contents


     The Group records unrecognized tax benefits from tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return on the
     basis of applying a two-step process. First, the tax position is evaluated to determine the likelihood that it will be
     sustained upon external examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. If the tax
     position is deemed more-likely-than-not to be sustained, the tax position is then assessed to determine the amount of
     benefit to recognize in the Group’s consolidated financial statements. The amount of the benefit that the Group
     recognizes is the largest amount that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement. The Group
     recognizes interest and penalties related to income taxes as a component of income tax benefit (expense).
     Commitments and Contingencies — The Group is subject to various legal proceedings, regulatory proceedings and
     claims, the outcomes of which are subject to uncertainty. The Group records an estimated loss from a loss
     contingency, with a corresponding charge to income, if it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount
     of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Where there is a reasonable possibility that a loss has been incurred, the
     Group provides disclosure of such contingencies.
     Revenue Recognition — The Group, in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers,
     recognizes revenue when a performance obligation is satisfied by transferring the control of promised goods or
     services to a customer, in an amount that reflects the consideration that the Group expects to be entitled for those
     goods or services using a five-step process.
     The Company determines revenue recognition through the following steps:
       •    Identify the contract, or contracts, with the customer;
       •    Identify the performance obligations in the contract;
       •    Determine the transaction price;
       •    Allocate the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and
       •    Recognize revenue when, or as, the Company satisfies performance obligations by transferring the promised
            good or services.
     The Group is engaged in the business of digital sports entertainment and gaming, earning its revenue predominantly
     from two types of gaming products: peer-to-business (“P2B”) and peer-to-peer (“P2P”). The Group’s P2B products
     involve players playing against the Group and P2P products involve players playing/betting against each other and
     not against the Group, and the Group makes a commission on the games. The P2B products include a range of games
     of chance such as sportsbook, online casino, bingo and machine gaming terminals. The P2P products include betting
     and exchanges, such as Betfair Exchange, horseracing TVG, DFS, pari-mutuel wagering and poker. The Group’s
     main revenue streams are as below:
     Sportsbook
     Sportsbook involves the player placing a bet (wager) on various types of sporting events at fixed odds determined by
     the Group. Bets are made in advance of the sporting event that will determine the outcome of the wager. The player
     places their bet in the custody of the Group until the event occurs and the result of the sporting event is determined,
     which will be at some time in the future.
     The Group has an obligation to honor the outcome of the sporting event and to pay out an amount equal to the stated
     odds assigned at the time of the bet if the player wins. These elements to the Group’s obligation (honoring the
     outcome and paying out an amount) are not separable and are considered one performance obligation by the Group.
     For a single wager, revenue represents the net win or loss from a sporting event, net of new player incentives and
     player retention incentives. Odds are set based on statistical probabilities such that the Group expects to realize a net
     win from the aggregation of all individual bets with players over time.
     Revenue is recognized when the performance obligation is satisfied which corresponds to the occurrence of the
     sporting event to which the betting relates, at which time recognition of the net win or net loss is recorded.
     iGaming (including iGaming, Poker, and Lottery)
     iGaming consists of a full suite of casino and online games such as roulette, blackjack, slot games, bingo, rummy and
     other card games. Casino games involve players placing wagers to play an online game against the Group. Games are
     designed to function and determine the outcome of the bet without the intervention of the Group and with only the
     player making decisions around their bet and the options given in the game. The Group generates revenue through
     the gross bets placed less payouts on winning bets, which is also referred to as “hold.”




                                                             93
Table of Contents


     The Group has an obligation to honor the outcome of the game and to pay out an amount equal to the stated odds if
     the player wins the game. These elements to the Group’s obligation (honoring the outcome and paying out an
     amount) are not separable and are considered one performance obligation by the Group. For a single wager, revenue
     represents the net win or loss from a game, net of new player incentives and player retention incentives. Individual
     online games are designed and function in such a manner that the Group expects to realize a net win from the
     aggregation of all the individual gaming transactions with a player over the relationship based on statistical
     probabilities. The Group’s performance obligations are satisfied upon the outcome of the game within a few minutes
     of the placement of the bet by the player at which time net win or net loss is determined and revenue is recognized at
     that time.
     Poker
     Online poker is a peer-to-peer game offered through multiple platforms within the Group where individuals engage
     in game play against other individuals, not against the Group. Players play against each other in either ring games
     (i.e., games for cash on a hand-by-hand basis) or in tournaments (i.e., players play against each other for tournament
     chips with prize money distributed to the last remaining competitors) or variations thereof. The Group collects a
     percentage of a game’s wagers, known as the rake, up to a capped amount in ring games and a tournament entry fee
     for scheduled tournaments and sit and go tournaments.
     The Group’s performance obligation is to operate the ring games and tournaments in accordance with the rules,
     tabulate the results and pay out players based on the ring games’ and tournaments’ results. These elements to the
     Group’s obligation are not separable and are considered one performance obligation by the Group.
     For ring games, revenue (the rake) is recognized at the conclusion of each poker hand. For tournaments, revenue
     from entry fees revenue is recognized when the tournament has concluded.
     The Group operates a tiered loyalty program named PokerStars Rewards. Players earn a fixed amount of rewards
     points for every one currency unit in entry fees for scheduled tournaments and rake. Chests are awarded for a fixed
     number of rewards points with the number of rewards points required for a chest varying based on tiers. Chests
     expire after 30 days if unopened. Players in the higher tiers are also entitled to participate in monthly poker
     challenges with the points targets and rewards personalized based on the players playing history in the form of star
     coins. Star coins can be exchanged by players for cash, bonuses or other rewards. Star coins expire if a play does not
     earn any reward points within a six-month rolling period.
     PokerStars Rewards provides players with a material right that they would not receive without entering in game play
     against other individuals on the PokerStars platform and is treated by the Group as a performance obligation. The
     reward points are initially recognized as a contract liability with the Group allocating a portion of the rake and entry
     fee based on the relative standalone selling price. Revenue is recognized when the player exchanges the star coins for
     cash, bonuses, or other rewards. Revenue from star coins that are not expected to be redeemed is recognized in
     proportion to the pattern of rights exercised by players.
     Lottery
     The Group is the lottery operator in Italy, Türkiye, and Morocco and has a wide-ranging portfolio of draw-based
     (National Totalizer Numeric Gaming (“NTNG”)) products and instant lottery games that are distributed through
     affiliated sales points which consists of third-party sales points (coffee shops, tobacco shops, newsstands) and online,
     through the Group’s websites and apps and other online resellers authorized by the official regulatory bodies in these
     three markets.
     The Group’s obligation for NTNG products includes designing new games, managing the operation and
     infrastructure of NTNG products, developing the distribution network and marketing support for NTNG products,
     acting as the national totalizator, and providing services for players and winners. These elements to the Group’s
     obligation of operating a draw-based lottery are not separable and are considered one performance obligation
     composed of a series of distinct services (i.e., days of service) that are substantially the same and have the same
     pattern of transfer to the relevant local gaming authority, the Group’s customer.
     The Group satisfies its performance obligation and recognizes revenue over time because the local gaming authority
     simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided as the Group performs the services. As consideration for
     operating the NTNG products on the local gaming authority’s behalf, the Group earns a fixed percentage of the draw-
     based lottery ticket sales made through its distribution network.
     Where NTNG products are distributed through the Group’s websites and apps, the Group also earns a reseller
     commission. Reseller commission is recognized when the sale is concluded through the Group’s websites and apps.
     The Group also earns a facility fee from affiliated sales points. This is a fee for a portfolio of different services which
     includes marketing services and technical support. Revenue from facility fee is recognized over the facility service
     contract period.


                                                              94
Table of Contents


     The Group’s obligation for instant lottery games includes designing, printing and selling instant lottery products and
     providing the comprehensive services necessary to operate integrated instant product operations including: (i) instant
     products planning, monitoring and management systems functions, (ii) warehousing, inventory management and
     distribution functions, and (iii) marketing and game support functions. These elements to the Group’s obligation of
     operating instant lottery games are not separable and are considered one performance obligation composed of a series
     of distinct services (i.e., days of service) that are substantially the same and have the same pattern of transfer to the
     relevant local gaming authority, the Group’s customer.
     The Group satisfies its performance obligation and recognizes revenue over time because the local gaming authority
     simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided as the Group performs the services. As consideration for
     operating the instant lottery products on behalf of the local gaming authority, the Group earns a pre-determined
     percentage of the lottery ticket sales.
     Other Revenue (including Exchange betting, Pari-mutuel wagering and Other)
     Exchange betting
     The Group’s betting exchange offers a platform for players to bet on the outcome of discrete sporting events. The
     platform offers players the opportunity to ‘back’ (bets that an outcome will occur) and ‘lay’ (bets that the outcome
     will not occur) with players betting against each other and not against the Group. The platform supports ‘in play’
     betting (betting that takes place after an event has started and up to its conclusion) and ‘cash out’ which is a way for
     players to lock in a profit, or cut your losses, without having to wait for the event to finish. The Group earns a
     commission on the players winnings, net of discount which vary based on a players betting activity.
     The Group’s performance obligation is to provide access to the platform, facilitate the placement of wagers including
     getting players matched at the best available odds through its exchange platform, and settle the wagers based on the
     results of the event to which the betting relates. These elements to the Group’s obligation are not separable and are
     considered one performance obligation by the Group. As such, revenue is recognized when the performance
     obligation is satisfied which corresponds to the occurrence of the event to which the betting relates, at which time
     recognition of the commission is recorded.
     Pari-mutuel wagering
     Pari-mutuel wagers on horse and greyhound races are accepted through the Group’s wagering systems. Wagers
     placed through the wagering systems are sent into commingled pools at the host racetrack and are subject to all host
     racetrack rules and restrictions. The Group receives a fee for the wagers it has brought to the pool and does not
     collect anything else when a bettor loses, nor does it pay additional amounts (from its funds) when a bettor wins.
     The Group is an agent in these transactions and records revenue on a net basis as it is merely offering access to the
     pool and simulcasting the event (the performance obligation). Revenue represents a percentage of amount of the
     wager (“handle”) from pari-mutuel wagers on horse and greyhound races. The percentage fee earned by the Group
     depends on the racetrack, type of wager accepted and the associated state regulations. Revenue is recognized only at
     the conclusion of the race, at which point all bettors are paid through the Group from the pool of funds based on
     closing odds of the applicable race. Revenue is stated net of new player incentives and player retention incentives.
     Other
     The Group’s Daily Fantasy Sports is a platform offering fantasy sports contests and fantasy sports tournaments
     which enables players to use their skill and knowledge of relevant professional sports information and the fantasy
     sports rules to compete against one another for prizes announced in advance of the event. Revenue is recognized at a
     point in time when the contest ends or when each round is completed over the period of the tournament.
     The Group sponsors certain live poker tours and events, uses its industry expertise to provide consultancy and
     support services to the casinos that operate the events, and has marketing arrangements for branded poker rooms at
     various locations around the world. The Group also provides customers with other media and advertising services,
     and limited content development services with revenue generated by way of affiliate commissions, revenue share
     arrangements and advertising income as applicable. Revenue is recognized upon satisfying the applicable
     performance obligations, at a point in time or over time as applicable.
     Revenue from sponsorships represents advertising campaigns for customers who become a presenting sponsor at
     events, which is recognized over the period of the sponsored event.
     Interest revenue is earned from player deposits held in segregated bank accounts, which is accrued on a monthly
     basis, by reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable. While this is not revenue
     earned from contracts with players, interest revenue on player deposits is presented in revenue since it is earned on
     funds that are held as part of the Group’s revenue generating activities.



                                                             95
Table of Contents


     Contract balances
     Contract assets and liabilities represent the differences in the timing of revenue recognition from the receipt of cash
     from the players. The Group’s contract assets balance is highly immaterial as the players are mostly required to pay
     in advance of the Group satisfying its performance obligation. Contract liabilities arise because of open sports betting
     positions, undrawn and unclaimed lottery prizes, and deferred revenue relating to loyalty points.
     Cost of Sales — Cost of sales primarily consists of certain gaming taxes, annual license fees, platform costs directly
     associated with revenue-generating activities, including those costs that were originally capitalized for internally
     developed software, payments to third parties for providing market access, royalty fees for the use of casino games,
     payment processing fees, direct costs of sponsorships, usage costs including data services, revenue share payments
     made to third parties that refer players to the platform (“affiliates”), payments for geolocation services of online
     players and amortization of certain capitalized development costs related to the Group’s platforms. Cost of sales also
     includes compensation, employee benefits and share-based compensation of revenue-associated personnel, including
     technology personnel engaged in the maintenance of the platforms. It also includes property costs and utility costs for
     retail stores.
     Technology, Research and Development Expenses —Technology, research and development expenses include
     compensation, employee benefits and share-based compensation for technology developers and product management
     employees as well as fees paid to outside consultants and other technology related service providers engaged in
     improving the appearance and speed of, the manner in which the Group categorizes and displays products on, and
     player interaction with, the Group’s online sports betting and gaming platform, the Group’s internal reporting tools,
     network security and data encryption systems, together with scoping, planning, visioning and targeting research and
     development efforts (preliminary project stage), of new or enhanced product offerings. These expenses are not
     directly associated with revenue earning activities and are intended to improve and facilitate the customer experience,
     ensure the quality and safety of the customer experience on the Group’s online sports betting and gaming platform
     and protect and maintain the Group’s reputation. Research and development expenses also include depreciation and
     amortization related to computer equipment and software used in the above activities together with equipment lease
     expenses, connectivity expenses, office facilities and related office facility maintenance costs related to the above
     activities.
     Sales and Marketing Expenses— Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of expenses associated with
     advertising, sponsorships, market research, promotional activities, amortization of trademarks and customer
     relations, and the compensation of sales and marketing personnel, including share-based compensation expenses.
     Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and are included in sales and marketing expenses in the Group’s
     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and
     2023, advertising costs were $2,053 million, $1,966 million and $1,703 million, respectively.
     General and Administrative Expenses — General and administrative expenses include compensation, employee
     benefits and share-based compensation for executive management, finance administration, legal and compliance, and
     human resources, facility costs, professional service fees and other general overhead costs.
     Share-Based Compensation — The Group measures and records the expense related to share-based payment
     awards to employees based on the fair value of such awards as determined on the date of grant. The Group
     recognizes share-based compensation expense over the requisite service period of the individual grant, generally
     equal to the vesting period using the straight-line method. For share options with performance conditions, the Group
     records compensation expense when it is deemed probable that the performance condition will be met. Forfeitures
     are recognized when they occur.
     Defined Contribution Plan — The Group offers various defined contribution plans under which the Company
     matches a portion of employee contributions each pay period, subject to maximum aggregate matching amounts, or
     contributes based on local legislative rates for eligible employees. Total defined contribution plan expense was $158
     million, $135 million and $107 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively.
     Foreign Currency — The reporting currency of the Group is U.S. dollar. The Group determines the functional
     currency of each subsidiary in accordance with ASC 830, Foreign Currency Matters, based on the currency of the
     primary economic environment in which each subsidiary operates. Items included in the financial statements of such
     subsidiaries are measured using that functional currency. The Group periodically re-assesses its operations to
     determine if previous conclusions are still valid. Changes in functional currencies are applied prospectively if the
     operations encounter a significant and permanent change.
     For the subsidiaries where the U.S. dollar is the functional currency, monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
     foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollar at the exchange rates at the balance sheet dates. Transactions in
     foreign currencies are recorded at the exchange rates at the date of the transaction. All differences are recorded in
     other income / (expense), net in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss).


                                                            96
Table of Contents


     For subsidiaries where the functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar, the Group uses the period-end exchange
     rates to translate assets and liabilities, the average monthly exchange rates to translate revenue and expenses, and
     historical exchange rates to translate equity accounts into U.S. dollar. The Group records translation gains and losses
     in accumulated other comprehensive income / (loss) as a component of equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
     Earnings / Loss per Share — Basic earnings / loss per share is computed by dividing net profit / loss attributable to
     Flutter’s shareholders by the weighted average shares outstanding during the period. The weighted average number
     of shares has been adjusted for amounts held as treasury shares and amounts (if any) held by the Paddy Power Betfair
     plc Employee Benefit Trust (“EBT”). Diluted earnings / (loss) per share is determined by adjusting the weighted
     average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. Where any
     potential ordinary shares would have the effect of decreasing a loss per share, they have not been treated as dilutive.
     On redeemable non-controlling interests, the group utilizes the two-class method to compute earnings / (loss) per
     share. Under the two-class method, net profit / (loss) attributable to Flutter’s shareholders is adjusted immediately to
     recognize redeemable non-controlling interests at their redemption values. These adjustments represent ‘in
     substance’ dividend distributions to the non-controlling interest holders, in line with their contractual rights to
     receive redemption amounts that do not represent fair value of the applicable shares.
     Redeemable Non-controlling Interests — Redeemable non-controlling interests are equity interests in subsidiaries
     that are redeemable outside of the Group’s control either for cash, Flutter’s own ordinary shares, a subsidiary’s
     equity interests, or other assets. These interests are classified as mezzanine equity and adjusted each reporting period
     for income (or loss) attributable to the non-controlling interests. An adjustment is then made to reflect the carrying
     value of non-controlling interests at the higher of the initial carrying amount, adjusted for cumulative earnings
     allocations, or redemption value at each reporting date through retained earnings.
     Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements
     In the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group adopted Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2023-09, Income
     Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures, which requires, among other things, additional
     disclosures primarily related to the income tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid. The Group elected to apply
     the standard prospectively. See Note 6 “Income Taxes”.
     In the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group adopted ASU 2024-01, Compensation – Stock Compensation
     (Topic 718): which clarifies how an entity determines whether a profit interest or similar award is (1) within the
     scope of ASC 718 or (2) not a share-based payment arrangement and therefore within the scope of other guidance.
     The Group has assessed the impact of ASU 2024-01 and the adoption of this new standard did not have a material
     effect on the Group's consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
     Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted
     In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03 Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense
     Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40), which requires disclosure, in the notes to consolidated financial
     statements, of specified information about certain costs and expenses. The ASU’s amendments are effective for fiscal
     years beginning after December 15, 2026 and interim reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning
     after December 15, 2027 with early adoption permitted. The Group is currently assessing the timing of adoption and
     the potential impacts of ASU 2024-03. The impact of the adoption will be limited to disclosure in the notes to the
     consolidated financial statements.
     In September 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-06 Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Internal-Use Software
     (Subtopic 350-40): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Internal-Use Software, which implements
     improvements to the internal-use software guidance. The ASU’s amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning
     after December 15, 2027 and interim reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
     2027 with early adoption permitted at the beginning of an annual reporting period. The Group is currently assessing
     the timing of adoption and the potential impacts of ASU 2025-06.
     In November 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-09 Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Hedge Accounting
     Improvements, with the objective to more closely align hedge accounting with the economics of an entity’s risk
     management activities. The ASU’s amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026 and
     interim periods within those annual reporting periods with early adoption permitted on any date on or after the
     issuance of ASU 2025-09. The Group is currently assessing the timing of adoption and the potential impacts of ASU
     2025-09.




                                                             97
Table of Contents


     In December 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-11 Interim Reporting (Topic 270): Narrow-Scope Improvements,
     with the objective to improve the navigability and applicable guidance of the required interim disclosures. The
     ASU’s amendments are effective for interim reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning after
     December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted for all entities. The amendments can be applied either prospectively
     or retrospectively to any or all prior periods presented in the consolidated financial statements. The Group is
     currently assessing the timing of adoption and the potential impacts of ASU 2025-11.

3.   SEGMENTS AND DISAGGREGATION OF REVENUE
     Effective from the first quarter of 2025, the Group has realigned its internal organizational structure, and as a result
     of this realignment, the Group updated its reportable segments to have two reportable segments:
       •    U.S.; and
       •    International (which includes what was formerly the UKI, International and Australia segments).

     U.S.
     The U.S. segment offers sports betting, casino, DFS, horse racing wagering and prediction markets products to
     players across various states in the United States, mainly online but with sports betting services also provided
     through a small number of retail outlets and certain online products in the province of Ontario in Canada. The U.S.
     segment consists of the following brands: FanDuel and TVG. As of the end of fiscal 2025, FanDuel online
     sportsbook was available in 25 states or territories, FanDuel online casino was available in 5 states, FanDuel paid
     DFS offering was available in 43 states, FanDuel or TVG online horse racing product was available in 32 states,
     FanDuel Predicts product was available in 5 states and FanDuel free-to-play products were available in all 50 states.

     International
     The International segment includes operations in approximately 100 global markets and offers sports betting, casino,
     poker, and lottery, mainly online. In the United Kingdom and Ireland (“UKI”), we offer sports betting (sportsbook),
     iGaming products (games, casino, bingo and poker) and other products (exchange betting) through our Sky Betting
     & Gaming, Paddy Power, Betfair and tombola brands. In Southern Europe and Africa (“SEA”), we offer our sports
     betting (sportsbook) and iGaming products (games, casino, poker and lottery) through our Sisal, Snai and PokerStars
     brands. In Australia, we offer online sports betting products through our Sportsbet brand, which operates exclusively
     in Australia and offers a wide range of betting products and experiences across local and global horse racing, sports,
     entertainment and major events. In India, we offered iGaming products through our Junglee brand until August 22,
     2025 when we ceased operations, due to the ban on all forms of online real money gaming in India. In Central and
     Eastern Europe (“CEE”), we offer online sports betting and iGaming products through our Adjarabet and Maxbet
     brands. Maxbet retail shops also offer our products in this region. In Brazil, we offer online sports betting, iGaming
     products and other products (exchange betting) through our Betnacional and Betfair brands. The Group continues to
     diversify internationally and is taking its online offering into regulated markets with a gambling culture and a
     competitive tax framework under which the Group has the ability to offer a broad betting and iGaming product
     range.
     Effective January 1, 2024, subsequent to our decision to close the sports betting platform FOX Bet, we reorganized
     how the PokerStars (U.S.) business is managed which resulted in a change in operating segment composition to
     move PokerStars (U.S.) from the U.S. segment to the International segment.
     The Group’s chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) is the Group’s Chief Executive Officer.
     The CODM uses Adjusted EBITDA to allocate resources for each operating segment predominantly in the annual
     budget and forecasting process. Beginning January 1, 2024, the Group revised its definition of Adjusted EBITDA.
     The definition of Adjusted EBITDA now excludes share-based compensation as management believes inclusion of
     share-based compensation can obscure underlying business trends as share-based compensation could vary widely
     among companies due to differing plans that result in companies using share-based compensation awards differently,
     both in type and quantity of awards granted.
     The CODM evaluates performance based on the Adjusted EBITDA of each operating segment by comparing actual
     results to previously forecasted financial information on a monthly basis. Adjusted EBITDA of each segment is
     defined as net income (loss) before income taxes; other (expense) income, net; interest expense, net; depreciation and
     amortization; transaction fees and associated costs; restructuring and integration costs; legal settlements and gaming
     tax disputes; impairment of property and equipment, intangible assets, right-of-use assets and goodwill and share-
     based compensation charge.



                                                             98
Table of Contents


     Segment results for the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, have been revised to reflect the change in
     reportable segments, segment measurement and segment composition.

     The Group manages its assets on a total company basis, not by operating segment. Therefore, the CODM does not
     regularly review any asset information by operating segment and accordingly, the Group does not report asset
     information by operating segment.

     The following tables present the Group’s segment information:

                                                                                              Year ended December 31,
             ($ in millions)                                                         2025                2024               2023
             Revenue
             U.S.
                 Sportsbook                                                    $         4,633 $            4,013 $             3,072
                 iGaming                                                                 2,095              1,524               1,045
                 Other                                                                     239                261                 287
                 U.S. segment revenue                                                    6,967              5,798               4,404
             International
                 Sportsbook                                                             3,999               3,816              3,513
                 iGaming1                                                               5,112               4,130              3,576
                 Other                                                                    305                 304                297
                 International segment revenue                                          9,416               8,250              7,386
             Total reportable segment revenue                                  $       16,383 $            14,048 $           11,790

        1.    iGaming revenue includes iGaming, Poker and Lottery.

     The following table presents the International segment disaggregated revenue:

                                                                                                   Year ended
                                                                                                  December 31,
             ($ in millions)                                                         2025             2024                  2023
             UKI 1                                                                      3,547            3,599                 3,047
             Southern Europe and Africa 2                                               2,746            1,593                 1,430
             Asia Pacific 3                                                             1,428            1,547                 1,599
             Central and Eastern Europe 4                                                 604              531                   286
             Brazil 5                                                                     227               69                    64
             Other regions 6                                                              864              911                   960
             Total International segment revenue                                        9,416            8,250                 7,386

        1.    UKI represents Sky Bet, Paddy Power and Betfair UK and Ireland operations as well as the tombola brand.
        2.    Southern Europe and Africa comprises the Italian operations of our Sisal, Snai (effective from acquisition date of April 30, 2025) and
              PokerStars brands as well as Sisal’s business in Türkiye and Morocco.
        3.    Asia Pacific includes our Sportsbet business in Australia and Junglee in India (until August 22, 2025).
        4.    Central and Eastern Europe comprises Adjarabet in Georgia and Armenia together with MaxBet in Serbia, Bosnia Herzegovina, North
              Macedonia and Montenegro.
        5.    Brazil reflects our Betfair and Betnacional (effective from acquisition date of May 14, 2025) operations in the region.
        6.    Other regions comprise PokerStars’ non-Italian operations and Betfair’s non-Brazilian business.




                                                                        99
Table of Contents


     The information below summarizes revenue from external customers by country for the year ended December 31,
     2025, 2024 and 2023:

                                                                                                Year ended December 31,
            ($ in millions)                                                            2025                2024                2023
            U.S.                                                                 $        6,767 $             5,729 $             4,391
            UK                                                                            3,198               3,279               2,740
            Italy                                                                         2,532               1,484               1,352
            Australia                                                                     1,315               1,397               1,447
            Ireland                                                                         303                 304                 305
            Rest of the world                                                             2,268               1,855               1,555
            Total revenue                                                        $       16,383 $            14,048 $            11,790

     The information below shows the reconciliation of reportable segment Adjusted EBITDA to (loss) income before
     income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023:

                                                                                                Year ended December 31,
            ($ in millions)                                                            2025                2024                2023
            U.S.                                                                 $           922 $               507 $               232
            International                                                                  2,202               2,065               1,830
            Reportable segment Adjusted EBITDA                                             3,124               2,572               2,062
            Unallocated corporate overhead1                                                 (279)               (215)               (187)
            Depreciation and amortization                                                 (1,517)             (1,097)             (1,285)
            Share-based compensation expense                                                (260)               (202)               (190)
            Transaction fees and associated costs2                                          (224)                (54)                (92)
            Restructuring and integration costs3                                            (247)               (135)               (132)
            Other income (expense), net                                                      358                (434)               (157)
            Interest expense, net                                                           (515)               (419)               (385)
            Impairment4                                                                     (561)                 —                 (725)
            (Loss) income before income taxes                                    $          (121) $               16 $            (1,091)

1    Unallocated corporate overhead includes shared technology, research and development, sales and marketing and general and administrative
     expenses that are not allocated to specific segments.
2    During the year ended December 31, 2025, transaction costs of $224 million primarily related to the Boyd market access termination payment and
     the Snai and NSX acquisitions. During the year ended December 31, 2024 advisory fees of $54 million primarily relate to implementation of
     internal controls, information system changes and other strategic advisory fees related to the change in the primary listing of the Group. During the
     year ended December 31, 2023, transaction fees of $92 million primarily relate to the listing of Flutter’s ordinary shares in the U.S.
3    During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 restructuring and transaction costs of $247 million, $135 million and $132 million,
     respectively, primarily related to various restructuring, acquisition integration and other strategic initiatives to drive synergies. The programs are
     expected to run until 2027. These actions include efforts to consolidate and integrate our technology infrastructure, back-office functions and
     relocate certain operations to lower cost locations. It also includes business process re-engineering cost, planning and design of target operating
     models for the Group's enabling functions and discovery and planning related to the Group's anticipated migration to a new enterprise resource
     planning system. The costs primarily include severance expenses, advisory fees and temporary staffing costs.
4    During the year ended December 31, 2025, the impairment of $561 million is mainly related to Junglee. The Act, which was passed by the Indian
     Parliament and received Presidential assent on August 22, 2025, bans all forms of online real money gaming in India. As a result of the Act, from
     August 22, 2025, Junglee ceased offering all real-money games in India. The impaired assets substantially consists of goodwill of $517 million,
     acquired and developed intangibles of $32 million and other long-lived assets of $7 million. The $517 million of impaired goodwill is not
     deductible for tax purposes, and therefore there is no income tax benefit. Income tax impacts related to the impairment of acquired and developed
     intangibles and other long-lived assets are not material. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group recognized an intangible asset
     impairment loss of $725 million in sales and marketing expenses related to the PokerStars trademark within the International segment. The
     impairment was primarily driven by an assessment of the strategy and operational model aimed at maximizing the value of PokerStars' proprietary
     poker assets consistent with our International segment strategy to combine global scale with local presence.




                                                                         100
Table of Contents


     The following table shows the significant segment expense categories that are regularly provided to the CODM and
     included in segment profit and loss for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023:

                                                                                             Year ended December 31,
            ($ in millions)                                                          2025               2024                2023
            U.S.
             Revenue                                                           $        6,967 $             5,798 $            4,404
             Cost of sales1                                                            (3,955)             (3,353)            (2,534)
             Technology, research and development expenses2                              (344)               (270)              (196)
             Sales & marketing expenses3                                               (1,319)             (1,278)            (1,150)
             General and administrative expenses4                                        (427)               (390)              (292)
             Total U.S. Adjusted EBITDA                                        $          922 $               507 $              232
            International
             Revenue                                                           $        9,416 $             8,250 $            7,386
             Cost of sales1                                                            (4,406)             (3,571)            (3,218)
             Technology, research and development expenses2                              (410)               (403)              (393)
             Sales & marketing expenses3                                               (1,520)             (1,394)            (1,272)
             General and administrative expenses4                                        (878)               (817)              (673)
             Total International Adjusted EBITDA                               $        2,202 $             2,065 $            1,830

1.   Reportable segment cost of sales excludes amortization of certain capitalized development costs, share-based compensation of revenue-associated
     personnel and restructuring and integration cost directly associated with revenue-generating activities.
2.   Reportable segment technology, research and development expenses excludes share-based compensation for technology developers and product
     management employees, depreciation and amortization related to computer equipment and software not directly associated with revenue earning
     activities and restructuring and integration costs.
3.   Reportable segment sales and marketing expenses exclude amortization of trademarks and customer relations, share-based compensation expenses
     of sales and marketing personnel and restructuring and integration costs.
4.   Reportable segment general and administrative expenses exclude share-based compensation for executive management, finance administration,
     legal and compliance, and human resources, depreciation and amortization, transaction fees and associated costs and restructuring and integration
     costs.

     The following table shows depreciation and amortization, excluding amortization of acquired intangibles and share-
     based compensation expense, excluding share-based compensation for the Group's executive management, finance,
     legal and compliance, and human resources functions, by reportable segment, that are regularly provided to the
     CODM for review for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023:

                                                                                             Year ended December 31,
            ($ in millions)                                                          2025               2024                2023
            U.S.
             Depreciation and amortization excluding
             amortization of acquired intangibles                              $            121 $              104 $                98
             Share-based compensation expense                                               119                 95                 102
             Total U.S.                                                        $            240 $              199 $               200
            International
             Depreciation and amortization excluding
             amortization of acquired intangibles                              $            503 $              382 $               350
             Share-based compensation expense                                                88                 73                  61
             Total International                                               $            591 $              455 $               411




                                                                       101
Table of Contents


     The information below summarizes long-lived assets by country as of December 31, 2025 and 2024:

                                                                                As of December 31,
                     ($ in millions)                                           2025            2024
                     U.S.                                                $            115 $           123
                     UK                                                               107              99
                     Italy                                                            228              93
                     Australia                                                          9               9
                     Ireland                                                           68              70
                     Rest of the world                                                103              99
                     Long lived assets                                   $            630 $           493


4.   OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET
     The following table shows the detail of other income (expense), net for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024
     and 2023:

                                                                              Year ended December 31,
           ($ in millions)                                            2025              2024            2023
           Foreign exchange gain, net                             $           88 $           15 $             43
           Fair value gain (loss) on derivative instruments                   11             (2)               7
           Fair value gain on contingent consideration                        —               3               —
           Loss on settlement of long-term debt                              (23)            (7)              (6)
           Financing related fees not eligible for capitalization             (7)            (8)             (29)
           Loss on disposals                                                 (11)            (7)              (5)
           Fair value gain (loss) on Fox Option Liability                    300           (426)            (165)
           Fair value (loss) on investment                                    —              (2)              (2)
           Total other income (expense), net                      $          358 $         (434) $          (157)


5.   INTEREST EXPENSE, NET
     The following table shows the detail of interest expense, net for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023:

                                                                              Year ended December 31,
           ($ in millions)                                            2025              2024            2023
           Interest and amortization of debt discount and
           expense on long-term debt, bank guarantees             $      (576) $           (480) $          (424)
           Other interest expense                                         (12)              (10)              (6)
           Interest income                                                 73                71               45
           Total interest expense, net                            $      (515) $           (419) $          (385)




                                                            102
Table of Contents


6.   INCOME TAXES
     Income (loss) before income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 consists of the following:

                                                                                Year ended December 31,
           ($ in millions)                                              2025              2024              2023
           Ireland                                                  $      (333) $             (292) $           144
           United States                                                    311                 115             (264)
           Other countries                                                  (99)                193             (971)
           Income (loss) before income taxes                        $      (121) $               16 $         (1,091)

     The components of income tax expense, excluding amounts allocated to other comprehensive (loss) income, for the
     year ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 consists of the following:

                                                                                Year ended December 31,
           ($ in millions)                                              2025              2024              2023
           Current:
               Ireland                                              $           15 $               7 $              44
               U.S. federal                                                      1                (3)               (1)
               U.S. state                                                       23                 4                 6
               Other countries                                                 392               194               203
               Total current tax expense                                       431               202               252
           Deferred:
               Ireland                                              $        11 $                 2 $                1
               U.S. federal                                                  42                (200)                —
               U.S. state                                                   (46)                (47)                —
               Other countries                                             (152)               (103)              (133)
               Total deferred tax (benefit)                                (145)               (348)              (132)
           Total income tax expense (benefit):
               Ireland                                              $           26 $              9 $               45
               U.S. federal                                                     43             (203)                (1)
               U.S. state                                                      (23)             (43)                 6
               Other countries                                                 240               91                 70
           Total income tax (benefit) expense                       $          286 $           (146) $             120

     The Group recognized an income tax benefit of $9 million in other comprehensive income for the year ended
     December 31, 2025. There is no income tax (benefit) expense in other comprehensive income for the years ended
     December 31, 2024 and 2023.

     As further described in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, the Group has elected to prospectively
     adopt the guidance in ASU No. 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Taxes Disclosures,
     (ASU 2023-09). The following table is a reconciliation between the Irish statutory income tax rate, the trading income
     tax rate of our country of domicile, and our actual effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2025 in
     accordance with the guidance in ASU 2023-09:

                                                                                 Year ended December 31,
                    ($ in millions)                                                       2025
                    Loss before income taxes                                           (121)
                    Irish corporation trading tax at a 12.5% rate                       (15)            12.5 %
                    Ireland Tax Effects
                    Effect of cross-border tax laws
                      Pillar two taxes - income inclusion rule                            4             (3.3) %


                                                             103
Table of Contents


                    Tax Credits
                      Foreign tax credits on withholding taxes          (13)   10.7 %
                    Nontaxable or nondeductible items
                      Nontaxable movements on Fox Option Liability      (37)    30.6 %
                      Interest expense                                   13    (10.7) %
                    Change in valuation allowance                        54    (44.6) %
                    Other reconciling items
                      Effects of internal reorganization                18     (14.9) %
                       Other                                            12      (9.9) %
                    Foreign Tax Effects
                    United States
                      Effect of different statutory rates in overseas   27     (22.3) %
                      jurisdictions
                      State and local income taxes                      (19)    15.7 %
                      Effects of internal reorganization                 65    (53.7) %
                      Change in valuation allowance                     (91)    75.2 %
                      Withholding taxes                                  17    (14.0) %
                      Excess tax benefits on share-based compensation   (10)     8.3 %
                      Research and development tax credits              (19)    15.7 %
                      Under (over) provision in previous year            12     (9.9) %
                      Other                                              20    (16.5) %
                    United Kingdom
                      Effect of different statutory rates in overseas   (12)    9.9 %
                      jurisdictions
                      Foreign tax credit                                (8)      6.6 %
                      Excess tax benefits on share-based compensation   (6)      5.0 %
                      Nontaxable foreign exchange loss                  28     (23.1) %
                      Effects of internal reorganization                 8      (6.6) %
                      Under (over) provision in previous years          11      (9.1) %
                      Other                                             (2)      1.7 %
                    Italy
                      Taxation of Italian subsidiary earnings             6     (5.0) %
                      Withholding taxes                                   5     (4.1) %
                      Effects of internal reorganization                 81    (66.9) %
                      Under (over) provision in previous years          (10)     8.3 %
                      Change in valuation allowance                      (8)     6.6 %
                      Other                                               2     (1.7) %
                    Australia
                      Effect of different statutory rates in overseas   17     (14.0) %
                      jurisdictions
                      Withholding taxes                                 12      (9.9) %
                      Other                                              4      (3.3) %
                    Netherlands
                      Effect of different statutory rates in overseas   27     (22.3) %
                      jurisdictions
                      Other                                              (8)    6.6 %




                                                           104
Table of Contents


                    India
                     Effect of different statutory rates in overseas                  (67)        55.4 %
                     jurisdictions
                     Nondeductible goodwill impairment                                131       (108.9) %
                     Other                                                              2         (1.7) %
                    Brazil
                     Effect of different statutory rates in overseas                  (33)        27.3 %
                     jurisdictions
                     Withholding taxes                                                 15        (12.4) %
                      Change in valuation allowance                                    13        (10.7) %
                    Malta
                     Effect of different statutory rates in overseas                   (7)         5.8 %
                     jurisdictions
                     Other                                                             (1)         0.8 %
                    Gibraltar
                     Effect of internal reorganization                                 (9)         7.4 %
                     Other                                                              7         (5.8) %
                    Türkiye
                     Effect of different statutory rates in overseas
                     jurisdictions                                                     13        (10.7) %
                     Withholding taxes                                                  4         (3.3) %
                    Other foreign jurisdictions                                        16        (13.2) %


                    Worldwide changes in unrecognized tax benefits                     17        (14.0) %

                    Actual effective tax rate                             $           286       (236.4)%

     The following table is a reconciliation between the Irish statutory income tax rate, the trading income tax rate of our
     country of domicile, and our actual effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 in accordance
     with the guidance prior to the adoption of ASU 2023-09:

                                                                              Year ended December 31,
                                                                               2024            2023
                     Irish corporation trading tax rate of                       12.5 %         (12.5) %
                     Depreciation on non-qualifying property and
                     equipment                                                    8.9 %           0.1 %
                     Effect of different statutory income tax rates in
                     foreign jurisdictions                                     226.0 %            4.7 %
                     Non-deductible expenses                                   230.5%             1.5%
                     Non-deductible expenses (non-taxable) Fox option
                     expense (income)                                           606.1 %           3.6%
                     Non-taxable income                                        (219.9) %         (1.6) %
                     Effect of changes in statutory income tax rates              1.7 %           0.1%
                     Change in valuation allowance                            (1444.5%)          12.1%
                     Under (over) provision in prior year                      (333.8%)           3.0%
                     Actual effective tax rate                                 (912.5)%          11.0 %




                                                              105
Table of Contents


     The Group’s effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2025 was materially impacted by (i) the change in
     the valuation allowance primarily related to one of the Group's U.S. tax paying component's release of U.S. federal
     and state valuation allowance of $97 million and $42 million, respectively; (ii) the nondeductible goodwill
     impairment of $517 million related to Junglee; (iii) the PokerStars internal reorganization whereby the Group
     reallocated the PokerStars intangible assets resulting in a $153 million tax expense, primarily related to the U.S. and
     Italy, and (iv) the effect of the $300 million fair value gain on the Fox Option Liability which is not subject to
     taxation.
     The Group’s effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2024 was materially impacted by (i) the change in
     valuation allowance of $178 million, primarily related to the release in U.S. federal and state valuation allowance; (ii)
     favorable changes in provision to return adjustments; and (iii) the effect of expenses which are not deductible for
     income tax purposes.
     The Group’s effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2023, was materially impacted by (i) change in
     valuation allowance of $133 million from our assessment of the future recoverability of deferred tax assets primarily
     in the U.S. and Netherlands; and (ii) the effect of expenses which are not deductible for income tax purposes.
     For the years ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 the Group incurred insignificant income tax expense
     in connection with Pillar Two. Under US GAAP, the Model GloBE Rules for Pillar Two are considered an
     alternative minimum tax and therefore deferred taxes were not recognized or adjusted for the estimated effects of the
     minimum tax.
     The information below summarizes the income tax paid (net of refunds) for the year ended December 31, 2025 in
     accordance with ASU 2023-09:

                                                                                                    Year ended
                                                                                                   December 31,
                                                                                                        2025
                              ($ in millions)
                                 Ireland                                                                         7
                                 U.S. federal                                                                   65
                                 United Kingdom                                                                 41
                                 Australia                                                                      53
                                 Italy national1                                                               140
                                 Other countries                                                               139
                                 Total Foreign                                                                 438
                                 Total                                                            $            445

         1.   Includes $60 million of income tax payments related to income tax liabilities assumed as part of the acquisition of Snai.




                                                                      106
Table of Contents


     The components of deferred tax assets (liabilities) were as follows as of December 31, 2025 and 2024:

                                                                                    As of December 31,
                     ($ in millions)                                               2025            2024
                     Deferred tax assets
                         Property and equipment                               $          24 $               39
                         Irish deferred amortization deductions                         238                 65
                         Share-based compensation                                        56                 44
                         Net operating loss carryforwards                               620                850
                         Operating lease liabilities                                     72                 39
                         Interest limitation carryforwards                               98                 75
                         Other                                                          113                158
                         Total deferred tax assets                                    1,221              1,270
                     Valuation allowance                                               (770)              (878)
                         Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation
                            allowance                                                     451             392
                     Deferred tax liabilities
                         Operating lease right-of-use assets                            (61)              (46)
                         Intangible assets                                           (1,186)             (684)
                         Total deferred tax liabilities                              (1,247)             (730)
                     Net deferred tax liabilities                             $        (796) $           (338)


     Deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset at December 31, 2025 and 2024 to the extent they relate to the
     same tax-paying component. Included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets is a deferred tax asset of $309 million
     (December 31, 2024: $267 million) and a deferred tax liability of $1,105 million (December 31, 2024: $605 million).
     The movement in the valuation allowance balance differs from the amount in the effective rate reconciliation due to
     adjustments affecting other comprehensive income and translation adjustments, as summarized below.
     The deferred tax liability in relation to intangible assets disclosed above primarily relates to acquisition accounting-
     related intangibles. This deferred tax liability will unwind as the intangible assets are amortized over their useful
     economic life.
     The deferred tax asset arising on share-based compensation relates to future tax deductions the Group expects to
     receive in relation to share-based payment plans operated by the Group to reward its employees. The asset is
     measured at the tax rate expected to apply when the temporary difference reverses.
     The movement in the valuation allowance was comprised of the following for the years ended December 31, 2025,
     2024 and 2023:

                                                                                  Year ended December 31,
           ($ in millions)                                                 2025             2024             2023
           Balance beginning of year                                   $       878 $            1,067 $           1,069
            Increase recognized in income tax expense                          182                 80               172
            Decrease recognized in income tax expense                         (144)              (306)              (39)
            Foreign currency translation adjustments                            61                (11)              (56)
            Adjustment in relation to prior years                             (225)                48                —
            Written off deferred tax assets                                     —                  —                (79)
            Movement recognized in other comprehensive
            income                                                              18                —                  —
           Net change in the valuation allowance                              (108)             (189)                (2)
           Balance end of year                                         $       770 $             878 $            1,067




                                                             107
Table of Contents


     For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group recorded a net valuation allowance reduction, excluding foreign
     currency translation adjustments and movement recognized in other comprehensive income, of $187 million,
     comprising a valuation allowance release of $144 million primarily related to U.S. federal and state deferred tax
     assets of $139 million which is offset by an increase in valuation allowance due to current year operating losses in
     various jurisdictions and prior year adjustments, primarily related to one of our Dutch tax-paying components which
     has nil tax impact since it had a full valuation allowance as of fiscal 2024.
     The Group evaluates the realizability of its deferred tax assets each reporting period and establishes a valuation
     allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is more-likely-than-not to be realized. The Group
     considers all available positive and negative evidence, including historical operating losses, future reversals of
     existing taxable temporary differences and tax planning strategies when evaluating the need for a valuation. As of
     December 31, 2025, the Group determined that there is sufficient positive evidence to conclude that it is more-likely-
     than-not that U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets of $97 million and $42 million, respectively, are realizable as a
     result of an internal reorganization. The Group therefore reduced the valuation allowance by $139 million
     accordingly.
     The Group has net operating loss carryforwards of $2,461 million as of December 31, 2025. Of these, $29 million
     expire between 2026 and 2033, $209 million expire between 2034 and 2046 and $2,223 million carry forward
     indefinitely. The Group has interest expense carryforwards of $389 million as of December 31, 2025, which
     carryforward indefinitely.
     A valuation allowance has been recorded against deferred tax assets of $770 million (December 31, 2024: $878
     million). This is on the basis that there is insufficient certainty of there being future taxable profits in the relevant
     jurisdictions and therefore the assets will be realizable. The timing of recognition is a key area of judgement in the
     current period.
     During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group has written off deferred tax assets of $79 million relating to net
     operating loss carryforward. A full valuation allowance was previously recorded in relation to the deferred tax asset
     for these net operating loss carryforwards and therefore there was no net effect of this within the income tax expenses
     for the year.
     As of December 31, 2025, foreign earnings of $192 million have been retained by the Group’s foreign subsidiaries
     that meet the indefinite reinvestment reversal criteria and for which the related deferred tax liability has not been
     recognized. Upon repatriation of those earnings, in the form of dividends or otherwise, the Group could be subject to
     withholding taxes payable to various foreign countries of $11 million.
     The following table presents a reconciliation of the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest and
     penalties:

                                                                                    As of December 31,
           ($ in millions)                                               2025             2024             2023
           Unrecognized tax benefits at beginning of the year       $           153 $            129 $            237
           Increases for tax positions of prior years                            25               36                9
           Decreases for tax positions of prior years                           —                 (2)          (131)
           Increases for tax positions of the current year                      —                 5                 6
           Reductions to unrecognized tax benefits as a result
           of a lapse of the applicable statute of limitations                  (12)              (8)              (3)
           Settlements                                                          (31)              (5)              —
           Foreign currency translation adjustments                              12               (2)              11
           Unrecognized tax benefits at the end of the year         $           147 $            153 $            129

     As previously reported, we have received a discovery assessment from His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs
     authority (“HMRC”) relating to an intragroup transfer of intellectual property from the United Kingdom to the
     United States for the period ended December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2025, we are in the process of appealing
     this assessment and previously recorded an unrecognized tax benefit for the estimated settlement which is included in
     the Group's Other non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as well as the above unrecognized tax
     benefits table. We do not expect to resolve this matter in the near term and will continue to reassess the recognition
     and measurement criteria of the tax position. While the Group believes that we have strong arguments, there can be
     no assurance this matter will be resolved favorably.




                                                              108
Table of Contents


     We recognize interest and penalties related to income taxes, if applicable, as income tax expense. The total amounts
     of interest and penalties recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) were $4 million
     (year ended December 31, 2024: $5 million; year ended December 31, 2023: $5 million). The total amounts of
     interest and penalties recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets were $14 million (year ended December 31,
     2024: $10 million).
     The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate are $147 million.
     In addition to filing federal and national income tax returns, the Group files income tax returns in numerous states
     and other subnational jurisdictions that impose an income tax. The Group is no longer subject to Irish taxing
     authority examination for years prior to 2021. Income tax years for 2022 onwards remain subject to examination by
     the U.S. federal Internal Revenue Service. Earlier periods will remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue
     Service as the net operating losses from those years are utilized.



7.   (LOSS) EARNINGS PER SHARE
     The following table sets forth the computation of the Group’s basic and diluted (loss) earnings per ordinary share
     attributable to the Group:

                                                                               Year ended December 31,
           (in millions except per share amounts)                      2025             2024             2023
           Numerator
           Net (loss) income                                      $        (407) $             162 $       (1,211)
           Net (loss) gain attributable to non-controlling
           interests and redeemable non-controlling interests                 (27)              53              13
           Adjustment of redeemable non-controlling interest
           to redemption value                                                (70)              66               (2)
           Net (loss) income attributable to Flutter
           shareholders - basic and diluted                       $        (310) $              43 $       (1,222)

           Denominator
           Basic weighted average outstanding shares                          177              178              177
           Effective of dilutive stock awards                                  —                 2               —
           Diluted weighted average outstanding shares                        177              180              177

           (Loss) earnings per share
           Basic                                                          (1.75)               0.24         (6.89)
           Diluted                                                        (1.75)               0.24         (6.89)

     The number of options excluded from the diluted weighted average number of ordinary shares calculation, due to
     their effect being anti-dilutive, is 1,696,242 (2024: 242,692, 2023: 3,007,889).




                                                            109
Table of Contents


8.    PREPAID EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
      Prepaid expenses and other current assets consisted of the following as of December 31, 2025 and 2024:

                                                                               Year ended December 31,
                      ($ in millions)                                           2025               2024
                      Prepayments and accrued income                      $            299 $              267
                      Derivative financial assets                                       29                 41
                      Income taxes receivable                                          159                119
                      Value-added tax and goods and services tax                        53                 54
                      Other receivables                                                211                126
                      Total prepaid expenses and other current assets     $            751 $              607


9.    PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET
      Property and equipment, net consisted of the following as of December 31, 2025 and 2024:

                                                                                    As of December 31,
                      ($ in millions)                                           2025               2024
                      Computer equipment                                  $            323 $              320
                      Fixtures and fittings                                            301                287
                      Land, buildings and leasehold improvements                       348                250
                      Property and equipment – Cost                       $            972 $              857
                      Less: Accumulated depreciation                                   342                364
                      Property and equipment – net                        $            630 $              493

      Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $129 million, $99 million and
      $141 million, respectively.

10.   GOODWILL
      The following table shows the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by reportable segment for the years ended
      December 31, 2025 and 2024:

            ($ in millions)                                        U.S.                International     Total
            December 31, 2023                                      $          817           12,928 $             13,745
            Additions                                                           9              126                  135
            Foreign Exchange                                                   —              (528)                (528)
            December 31, 2024                                                 826           12,526               13,352
            Additions                                                          —             1,936                1,936
            Impairment                                                         —              (517)                (517)
            Foreign Exchange                                                   —             1,054                1,054
            December 31, 2025                                      $          826           14,999 $             15,825

      During the first quarter of 2025, following the change of reportable segments as described in Note 3 “Segments and
      Disaggregation of Revenue”, the Group reorganized its reporting structure within the International segment. This
      change resulted in the International segment consisting of five reporting units, namely Junglee, Sportsbet, Southern
      Europe and Africa (comprising the Italian operations of our Sisal and PokerStars brands as well as Sisal’s business
      in Türkiye and Morocco), Central and Eastern Europe (comprising Adjarabet in Georgia and Armenia together with
      MaxBet in Serbia, Bosnia Herzegovina, North Macedonia and Montenegro), and UKI (comprising Sky Bet, Paddy
      Power, tombola, Betfair and PokerStars’ non-Italian operations).




                                                           110
Table of Contents


      During the second quarter of 2025, upon the completion of the Snai acquisition, Snai became part of the Southern
      Europe and Africa reporting unit. Upon the completion of the NSX acquisition, a new reporting unit of Brazil was
      formed, comprising Betfair Brazil and Betnacional. Betfair Brazil was previously included in the UKI reporting unit.
      As of December 31, 2025, the provisional goodwill from the Snai acquisition was $1,507 million, and the
      provisional goodwill from NSX acquisition was $429 million.
      During the third quarter of 2025, the Group recognized a goodwill impairment of $517 million attributable to the
      Junglee reporting unit. The Act, which was passed by the Indian Parliament and received Presidential assent on
      August 22, 2025, bans all forms of online real money gaming in India. As a result of the Act, from August 22, 2025,
      Junglee ceased offering all real-money games in India. Given there were no other viable commercial operations in
      the Junglee reporting unit at this time, the goodwill balance related to the Junglee reporting unit was fully impaired.
      On October 1, 2025, the Group performed its annual impairment assessment in respect of goodwill as at
      December 31, 2025 and 2024. The impairment assessment concluded that there had been no impairment of goodwill
      in respect of the Group's reporting units. Subsequent to our annual impairment assessment, we performed a
      quantitative goodwill test as result of the UK government announcement of an increase on remote gaming duty rates.
      The quantitative impairment assessment concluded that there had been no impairment of goodwill in respect of the
      UKI reporting unit.

11.   INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET
      Intangible assets subject to amortization consisted of the following as of December 31, 2025 and 2024:

                                                                     Weighted
                                                                     Average
                                                                      Useful             As of December 31,
                                                                       Life
            ($ in millions)                                          (Years)           2025             2024
            Computer software and technology                                 2.3 $        1,484 $          1,234
            Licenses                                                         5.1            616              423
            Development expenditure                                          4.5          1,769            1,274
            Trademarks                                                      16.1          4,945            3,753
            Customer relationships                                           9.1          5,537            4,464
            Other                                                           13.6            182              177
            Gross carrying value                                                         14,533           11,325
            Computer software and technology                                              1,135              917
            Licenses                                                                        252              146
            Development expenditure                                                         901              713
            Trademarks                                                                    2,185            1,875
            Customer relationships                                                        2,964            2,243
            Other                                                                            77               67
            Accumulated amortization                                                      7,514            5,961
            Computer software and technology                                                349              317
            Licenses                                                                        364              277
            Development expenditure                                                         868              561
            Trademarks                                                                    2,760            1,878
            Customer relationships                                                        2,573            2,221
            Other                                                                           105              110
            Net carrying amount                                                   $       7,019 $          5,364


      During the second quarter of fiscal 2025 the Group completed a review of the useful lives of customer relationships
      as a consequence of certain platform integration initiatives. The Group revised the remaining estimated useful lives
      of PokerStars’ and Sky Betting & Gaming’s customer relationships from 16 to 8 years and from 16 to 11 years,
      respectively, effective April 1, 2025. This resulted in an increase in depreciation and amortization expense as
      discussed in Note 2.


                                                            111
Table of Contents


     During the third quarter of 2025, the Group recognized an impairment of $32 million within technology, research and
     development and sales and marketing exepenses related to acquired and developed intangibles attributable to the
     Junglee reporting unit forming part of the International segment as result of Junglee ceasing commerical operations.
     Amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, was $1,388 million, $998 million and
     $1,144 million, respectively.

     As of December 31, 2025, estimated total amortization expense for the next five years related to the Group’s
     intangible assets subject to amortization is as follows:


                                                                                  Estimated
                                                                                 Amortization
                                                                                   Expense
                          ($ in millions)
                          2026                                                  $       1,147
                          2027                                                            895
                          2028                                                            737
                          2029                                                            563
                          2030                                                            436
                                                                                $       3,778




                                                          112
Table of Contents


12.   BUSINESS COMBINATIONS AND DISPOSALS
      Year ended December 31, 2025
      Acquisition of Snai
      On April 30, 2025, we completed the acquisition of 100% of the outstanding shares of Pluto (Italia) S.p.A, the
      holding company that owns Snaitech S.p.A (“Snai”), one of Italy’s leading omni-channel operators in the sports
      betting and iGaming market, for a consideration of €2.3 billion ($2.6 billion).
      The following table summarizes the provisional purchase price allocation and fair value of the assets and liabilities
      acquired in the Snai acquisition:
                                                                                     As of April 30,
                             ($ in millions)                                              2025
                             Cash and cash equivalents                               $         232
                             Player deposits – cash and cash equivalents                        24
                             Cash and cash equivalents – restricted                             19
                             Accounts receivable, net                                           80
                             Prepaid expenses and other current assets                          55
                             Property and equipment, net                                       120
                             Operating lease right-of-use assets                                36
                             Intangible assets, net                                          1,437
                             Other non-current assets                                            6
                             Total identifiable assets acquired                              2,009
                             Liabilities assumed:
                             Accounts payable                                                   53
                             Player deposit liability                                           24
                             Other current liabilities                                         298
                             Operating lease liabilities                                        36
                             Other non-current liabilities                                      73
                             Deferred tax liabilities                                          399
                             Total liabilities assumed:                                        883
                             Net assets acquired (a)                                         1,126
                             Purchase consideration (b) (satisfied by cash)                  2,633
                             Goodwill (b) – (a)                                      $       1,507


      Included within the intangible assets was a provisional amount of $1,437 million of separately identifiable intangible
      assets, net comprising trademarks, online customer relationships, point of sale network, licenses, and technology
      acquired as part of the acquisition, with the additional effect of a deferred tax liability of $407 million arising from
      book and tax basis differences generated upon the acquisition.
      The provisional fair value of trademarks identified amounted to $717 million and was estimated using the Relief
      from Royalty Method. Significant assumptions included: (i) royalty rate of 6.5% applied to the projected revenues
      for the remaining useful life of the trademarks to estimate the royalty savings and (ii) a discount rate of 12.5%.
      Trademarks are amortized over their expected useful economic life of 20 years.
      The fair value of online customer relationships identified was a provisional amount of $490 million and was
      estimated using the Multi-Period Excess Earnings Method. Significant assumptions included: (i) expectations for the
      profitability and future after-tax cash flows arising from the follow-on revenue from online customer relationships
      that existed on the acquisition date over their estimated lives, (ii) a customer attrition rate of 5%, less a contributory
      assets charge of 8.2%, and (iii) a discount rate applied of 11.5%. Online customer relationships are being amortized
      over their expected useful economic life of 12 years.




                                                              113
Table of Contents


     The fair value of point of sale network was a provisional amount of $125 million and was estimated using the Multi-
     Period Excess Earnings Method. Significant assumptions included (i) expectations for the profitability and future
     after-tax cash flows arising from the follow-on revenue from point of sale network relationships that existed on the
     acquisition date over their estimated lives, (ii) a point of sale churn rates of 1.5%, less a contributory assets charge of
     8.5%, and (iii) a discount rate applied of 11.5%. The point of sale network is amortized over its expected useful
     economic life of 20 years.
     Acquisition-related costs of $18 million and $6 million were included in general and administrative expenses in the
     Group’s Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the year ended December 31, 2025 and
     December 31, 2024, respectively.
     The gross contractual amount for accounts receivable and other receivables due is $166 million, with a loss
     allowance of $30 million recognized on acquisition.
     The goodwill created by the acquisition is generally not deductible for tax purposes. Key factors that made up the
     goodwill included expected synergies from the combination of operations, products and the knowledge and
     experience of the acquired workforce. The goodwill has been allocated to the International segment and the Southern
     Europe and Africa reporting unit.
     During the third quarter of 2025, based on the additional information obtained, the Group recorded a measurement
     period adjustment to reclassify asset held for sale of $22 million to property and equipment and to reclassify a
     liability held for sale of $1 million to other non-current liabilities. The depreciation expenses that would have been
     recognized in previous periods if the adjustment to provisional amounts were recognized as of the acquisition date
     were not material to the Group’s Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the year ended
     December 31, 2025. During the fourth quarter of 2025, the Group recorded an immaterial measurement period
     adjustment in other non-current liabilities, deferred tax liabilities and goodwill.
     As of the date these consolidated financial statements are issued, the purchase accounting related to the acquisition is
     incomplete because the evaluation necessary to assess the fair values of certain intangible assets acquired is still in
     process. As such, the above balances may be adjusted in the future period as the valuation is finalized and these
     adjustments may be material to the consolidated financial statements. The Group expects to finalize the valuation as
     soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the acquisition date.
     Since the date of acquisition to December 31, 2025, Snai contributed revenue of $866 million and $52 million of net
     income to the results of the Group.
     Unaudited pro forma information
     The pro forma financial information presented below is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative
     of the financial position or results of operations that would have been realized if the Snai acquisition had been
     completed on the date indicated, nor does it reflect synergies that might be achieved, nor is it indicative of future
     operating results or financial position. The pro forma adjustments are based upon currently available information and
     certain assumptions that the Group believes are reasonable under the circumstances.
     The following pro forma information presents the combined results of operations for each of the periods presented,
     as if Snai had been acquired as of January 1, 2024. Pro forma results of operations for the other transactions have not
     been included because they are not material to the consolidated results of operations. The pro forma financial
     information includes the historical results of the Group and Snai adjusted for certain items, which are described
     below.

                                                                                Year ended December 31,
                    ($ in millions)                                              2025             2024
                    Revenue                                                 $      16,812 $        15,271
                    Net loss                                                $        (418) $           10

     Pro forma net income reflects the following adjustments:
         •    Snai’s historical condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
              International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”).We have made adjustments to conform Snai’s
              financial information prepared under IFRS to U.S. GAAP.
         •    Intangible assets are assumed to be recorded at their estimated fair value as of January 1, 2024, and are
              amortized over their estimated useful lives from that date along with the consequent deferred tax benefit.
              The amortization expense relating to the historical fair value uplift on Snai's intangible assets acquired by
              Playtech in 2018, together with the deferred tax benefit, are reversed.



                                                             114
Table of Contents


         •    New debt financing required to complete the acquisition of Snai is assumed to have occurred on January 1,
              2024. The additional interest expense recognized is calculated, together with the associated hedge impact
              and the amortization of related debts issuance costs. For the new debt at floating rate, we have assumed the
              actual three months SOFR rates for fourth quarter 2025 was constant from January 1, 2024 to April 29,
              2025.
         •    Transaction fees and associated costs related to the Snai acquisition are assumed to have been incurred prior
              to or soon after the acquisition date of January 1, 2024, and are presented as an expense for the the year
              ended December 31, 2024.
     Acquisition of NSX
     On May 14, 2025, we completed the acquisition of a 56% interest in NSX, a leading Brazilian operator of the
     Betnacional brand. The total purchase consideration amounted to $674 million (BRL 3,799 million) comprising of
     cash consideration of $348 million (BRL 1,961 million), contribution of a portion of the Group’s existing Betfair
     Brazil business having a fair value of $40 million (BRL 230 million), fair value of non-controlling interest of $254
     million (BRL 1,430 million) and settlement of a pre-existing relationship in the amount of $32 million (BRL 178
     million). During the fourth quarter of 2025, the completion accounts were finalized resulting in an immaterial
     measurement period adjustment to the purchase consideration.
     As part of the acquisition of NSX, the Group has put in place arrangements, consisting of call and put options, that
     could result in it acquiring the remaining 44% of the combined Flutter Brazil business held by the former
     shareholders of NSX. The call and put options subject to the terms of the shareholders agreement are exercisable in
     two tranches within 60 days starting immediately after the fifth and tenth anniversaries of the completion of the
     transaction. The options expire if neither the Group nor the non-controlling interest shareholder groups exercise the
     options within the option exercise period. The option price is based on market value of the shares on the valuation
     date, as defined in the shareholders agreement. The options can be settled, at the Group’s election, in cash or freely
     tradable shares of Flutter.
     The provisional fair value of assets and liabilities acquired was $246 million which comprised of identifiable
     intangible assets of $372 million consisting primarily of $123 million of trademark, $37 million of developed
     technology and $212 million of online customer relationships.
     During the fourth quarter of 2025, the Group recorded a measurement period adjustment arising from refinements to
     the fair value inputs for customer relationships, resulting in a $26 million reduction in the related intangible asset, a
     $9 million decrease in deferred tax liabilities and an overall $15 million increase in goodwill, with a corresponding
     increase in amortization. An immaterial adjustment to current liabilities was also recorded.
     As of the year ended December 31, 2025, the accounting for this acquisition was provisional, and the measurements
     of fair value for certain assets and liabilities may be subject to change as additional information is received. The
     Group expects to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from acquisition date.
     The acquisition resulted in the recognition of $429 million goodwill on the acquisition date which has been allocated
     to the existing International segment and the Brazil reporting unit. The main factors leading to the recognition of
     goodwill (none of which is deductible for tax purposes) is the expected synergies from the combination of
     operations, products and the knowledge and experience of the acquired workforce.
     The fair value of non-controlling interest was $254 million, which was provisionally estimated by applying a
     discount for lack of marketability of 20% considering the output of the Finnerty Method and discount for lack of
     control of 9% using implied discounts from observable transactions and data based on Mergerstat studies.
     Acquisition-related costs during the year ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 were not material and
     are included in the general and administrative expenses in the Group’s Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
     Income (Loss).
     Since the date of acquisition to December 31, 2025, the revenue and net loss after tax contributed by NSX to the
     results of the Group are not material.
     Year ended December 31, 2024
     Acquisition of MaxBet
     On January 10, 2024, the Group completed the acquisition of 51% of MaxBet, a leading omni-channel sports betting
     and iGaming operator in Serbia for cash consideration of $143 million (€131 million).
     The fair value of net assets and liabilities acquired was $127 million which comprised identifiable intangible assets
     of $143 million consisting primarily of $108 million of trademark and $22 million of customer relationships.



                                                             115
Table of Contents


      The acquisition resulted in the recognition of $126 million goodwill on the acquisition date which was allocated, at
      that time, to the International segment and reporting unit. The main factors leading to the recognition of goodwill
      (none of which is deductible for income tax purposes) is the opportunity for the Group to enter the market in the
      Balkans region where MaxBet is one of the market leaders with an established retail and online presence. There are
      also tangible opportunities to deliver synergies from the acquisition of MaxBet through (i) leveraging MaxBet’s retail
      channel to grow online deposits for existing Flutter brands and (ii) enhancing MaxBet’s online capabilities by
      utilizing the Group’s technology and marketing resources.
      The fair value of the redeemable non-controlling interest was $110 million, which was estimated by applying a
      discount for lack of marketability of 15% considering the output of the Finnerty method and a discount for lack of
      control of 9% using implied discounts from observable transactions and data based on Mergerstat studies.
      Acquisition-related costs for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 were not material and are included in the
      general and administrative expenses in the Group’s Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive (Loss).
      Since the date of acquisition to December 31, 2024, MaxBet has contributed revenue of $207 million and $15 million
      of profit after tax to the results of the Group.
      Acquisition of BeyondPlay
      On May 31, 2024, the Group completed the acquisition of 100% of BeyondPlay for consideration of $26 million. The
      fair value of the assets and liabilities acquired was $17 million which comprised technology intangibles of $18
      million and deferred tax liability of $1 million. The acquisition resulted in the recognition of $9 million of goodwill
      which has been allocated to the U.S. segment. The contribution of BeyondPlay to the revenue and profit after tax of
      the Group was not material.
      Considering that the size of the acquisitions are not material, no additional pro forma information is provided.

13.   OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Other current liabilities consisted of the following as of December 31, 2025 and 2024:

                                                                                 As of December 31,
                    ($ in millions)                                             2025            2024
                    Accrued expenses                                       $       1,030               980
                    Betting duty, data rights, and product and racefield
                      fees                                                           670                430
                    Employee benefits and social security                            444                455
                    Liability-classified share-based awards                           19                 31
                    Sports betting open positions                                     95                120
                    Derivative liability                                              54                 10
                    Income taxes payable                                             120                 29
                    Loss contingencies                                                72                 78
                    Value-added tax and goods and services tax                        55                 61
                    Contingent and deferred consideration                             —                  18
                    Total other current liabilities                        $       2,559 $            2,212

      Loss contingencies include losses on firmly committed executory contracts, regulatory investigations and
      proceedings, management’s evaluation of complex laws and regulations, including those relating to gaming taxes,
      and the extent to which they may apply to our business and industry.




                                                            116
Table of Contents


      The Group has a contract liability in relation to sports betting open positions in its Consolidated Balance Sheet. The
      contract liability balances were as follows as of December 31, 2025 and 2024:

                                                                                      As of December
                              ($ in millions)                                             31, 2025
                              Contract liability, beginning of the year               $             120
                              Contract liability, end of the year 1                                  96
                              1Includes $1 million included in Other non-current liabilities.



      Due to the short term nature of our contract liabilities, a substantial portion of the contract liability at the beginning
      of the period is recognized in revenue in the immediate subsequent reporting period

14.   LEASES
      The Group’s lease arrangements for its offices, retail stores, data centers and marketing arrangements expire at
      various dates through 2039. Certain leases are cancelable upon notification by the Group to the landlord and others
      are renewable. Additionally, the Group subleases certain leases to third parties. Security deposits under letters of
      credit or cash deposited with banks as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 were $18 million and $18 million,
      respectively.
      Substantially all leases are long-term operating leases for facilities with fixed payment terms between 1 and 15 years.
      The current portion of operating lease liabilities are presented within total current liabilities, and the non-current
      portion of operating lease liabilities are presented within total liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

      Lease Cost — The components of lease cost consisted of the following for the years ended December 31, 2025,
      2024 and 2023:

            ($ in millions)                                                2025              2024           2023
            Operating lease cost                                      $           167 $             155 $          140
            Short term lease cost                                                  21                15             13
            Sublease income                                                        (4)               (4)            (1)
            Total lease cost                                          $           184 $             166 $          152

      Lease Term and Discount Rate — The weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) and discount rate related
      to the operating leases consisted of the following as of December 31, 2025:

                                                                                           Year ended
                                                                                          December 31,
                                                                                             2025
                               Weighted-average remaining lease term (years)                      5.58
                               Weighted-average discount rate                                   5.14%

      As most of the Group’s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate based on
      the information available at the lease commencement date to determine the present value of lease payments, which
      equates to the rates of interest that it would pay to borrow funds, on a fully collateralized basis, over a similar term.




                                                               117
Table of Contents


     Maturity of Lease Liabilities — The present value of the Group’s operating leases consisted of the following as of
     December 31, 2025:

                                                                                    Year Ending
                             ($ in millions)                                        December 31
                             2026                                               $           173
                             2027                                                           147
                             2028                                                           116
                             2029                                                            93
                             2030                                                            64
                             Thereafter                                                     137
                             Total undiscounted future cash flows                           730
                             Less: imputed interest                                        (124)
                             Present value of undiscounted future cash flows                606
                             Operating lease liabilities – current                          130
                             Operating lease liabilities – noncurrent                       476
                             Total operating lease liabilities                  $           606


     Other Information — Supplemental cash flow and other information for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024
     and 2023 related to operating leases was as follows:

                                                                               For the year ended
                                                                                 December 31,
           ($ in millions)                                          2025               2024           2023
           Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement
           of lease liabilities:
           Operating cash flows from operating leases        $             167 $              174 $          133
           Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new
           operating lease liabilities                       $             94 $               155 $           73




                                                          118
Table of Contents


15.   LONG-TERM DEBT
      The Group’s debt is comprised of the following:
                                                                                        As of December 31,
                                                                               2025                                  2024
                                                                     Principal                             Principal
                                                                   outstanding                           outstanding
                                                                    balance in                            balance in        Outstanding
                                                                   currency of      Outstanding          currency of         balance
                                                                       debt            balance               debt              ($ in
                                                                   (in millions)   ($ in millions)       (in millions)       millions)
      TLA/TLB/RCF Agreement
      GBP First Lien Term Loan A due 2028                      £          1,034 $         1,392      £          1,034 $          1,295
      EUR First Lien Term Loan A due 2028                      €            380             447      €            380              395
      USD First Lien Term Loan A due 2028                      $            166             166      $            166              166
      USD First Lien Term Loan B due 2030                      $          3,836           3,836      $          3,875            3,876
      USD First Lien Term Loan B due 2032                      $          1,244           1,244                    —                —
      GBP Revolving Credit Facility due 2028                   £            400             538                    —                —
      Senior secured notes
      EUR Senior Secured Notes due 2029                        €            500            593 €                  500              524
      USD Senior Secured Notes due 2029                        $            525            532 $                  525              532
      EUR Senior Secured Notes due 2031                        €            850          1,007                     —                —
      USD Senior Secured Notes due 2031*                       $          1,625          1,649                     —                —
      GBP Senior Secured Notes due 2031                        £            700            955                     —                —
      Total debt principal including accrued interest                                   12,359                                   6,788
      Less: unamortized debt issuance costs                                                (93)                                    (52)
      Total debt                                                                        12,266                                   6,736
      Less: current portion of long-term debt                                             (109)                                    (53)
      Total long-term debt                                                         $    12,157                              $    6,683

      *Includes net fair value basis adjustments related to receive-fixed, pay-variable interest rate swap agreements
      designated as fair value hedges.
      Term Loan A, Term Loan B and Revolving Credit Facility Agreement (the “TLA/TLB/RCF Agreement”)
      The Group entered into a TLA/TLB/RCF Agreement (as amended by the First Incremental Assumption Agreement,
      dated as of March 14, 2024, the First Repricing Agreement dated as of December 19, 2024, the Second Incremental
      Assumption Agreement dated as of December 19, 2024, the Third Incremental Assumption Agreement dated June 4,
      2025 and the and the Fourth Incremental Assumption Agreement dated August 7, 2025, the “TLA/TLB/RCF
      Agreement”) with J.P. Morgan SE as administrative agent, Wilmington Trust (London) Limited as collateral agent,
      and the lenders party thereto, providing for Term Loan A and B facilities and the multicurrency Revolving Credit
      Facility with aggregate commitments of up to £1.1 billion.
      The GBP, EUR, and USD First Lien Term Loan A 2028 facilities bear interest at SONIA, EURIBOR, and daily
      compounded SOFR plus 0.10%, respectively, each with a 1.75% margin and no benchmark floor, and are repayable
      in full at maturity.
      The USD First Lien Term Loan B 2030 bears interest at Adjusted Term SOFR +1.75%. The USD First Lien Term
      Loan B 2032 bears interest at Adjusted Term SOFR +2.00% (with a 0.50% floor) or ABR +1.00% (with a 1.00%
      floor), at the borrower’s option, and amortizes quarterly at 0.25% of the original principal with the remainder due at
      maturity.
      Facilities drawn down may be prepaid at any time in whole or in part (a minimum of $1 million or its currency
      equivalent) without premium or penalty on three business days’ (or such shorter period as the administrative agent
      may agree) prior notice.




                                                            119
Table of Contents


     The Revolving Credit Facility 2028 may be utilized by the drawing of cash advances, the issuance of letters of credit
     and/or the establishment of ancillary facilities with lenders on a bilateral basis. Each cash advance under the
     Revolving Credit Facility 2028 is to be repaid in full on the maturity date being November 2028. Amounts repaid
     may be re-borrowed. A commitment fee equal to 35% of the margin then applicable on the available undrawn
     commitment. A utilization fee is also payable in the range of 0.00% to 0.30% per annum based on the proportion of
     revolving credit facility loans to the total Revolving Credit Facility 2028 commitments.
     The Group had an undrawn capacity of $929 million (£690 million) on the Revolving Credit Facility with $13
     million (£10 million) of capacity reserved for the issuance of guarantees as of December 31, 2025. During the year
     ended December 31, 2025, the Group had drawn $1,496 million (December 31, 2024: $126 million) and repaid $966
     million (December 31, 2024: $852 million) under the Revolving Credit Facility.
     The facilities are secured by a first priority security interest (subject to permitted liens) (x) in respect of obligors
     organized or incorporated outside of the United States, over the shares held by an obligor in another obligor and (y)
     in respect of obligors organized or incorporated in the United States, substantially all of the assets owned by those
     obligors (subject to certain exceptions).
     The TLA/TLB/RCF Agreement contains a number of affirmative covenants as well as negative covenants which
     limit our ability to, among other things: (i) incur additional debt; (ii) grant additional liens on assets and equity; (iii)
     distribute equity interests and/or distribute any assets to third parties; (iv) make certain loans or investments
     (including acquisitions); (v) consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all assets; (vi) pay
     dividends on or make distributions in respect of capital stock or make restricted payments; and (vii) modify the terms
     of certain debt or organizational documents, in each case subject to certain permitted exceptions. The TLA/TLB/RCF
     Agreement requires us to ensure that the ratio of consolidated net borrowings to consolidated EBITDA as defined
     therein (the net total leverage ratio) is not greater than 5.20:1 on a bi-annual basis.
     Senior Secured Notes
     The 2029 Notes comprises the USD Senior Secured Notes due 2029 bearing interest at a rate of 6.375% per annum
     and the EUR Senior Secured Notes due 2029 bearing interest at a rate of 5.000% per annum.
     The 2031 Notes comprises the USD Senior Secured Notes due 2031 bearing interest at a rate of 5.875%, the EUR
     Senior Secured Notes due 2031 bearing interest at a rate of 4.000% and the GBP Senior Secured Notes due 2031
     bearing interest at a rate of 6.125% (together with the 2029 Notes, “the Notes”). The interest on the Notes is payable
     semi-annually in arrears.
     The Notes rank pari passu in right of payment with all existing and future senior debt that is not subordinated to the
     Notes. The Notes are guaranteed on a senior secured basis by the Group and certain of its subsidiaries (collectively,
     the “Guarantors”), who are also obligors under the Group’s senior secured credit facilities.
     The issuer may redeem all or a portion of the 2029 Notes prior to April 15, 2026 and 2031 Notes prior to April
     15,2027 at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and
     unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to but excluding the date of the redemption, plus the applicable make-
     whole premium. In addition, the issuer is entitled to redeem up to 40% of the aggregate principal amount of each
     series of 2029 Notes prior to April 15, 2026 and each series of the 2031 Notes prior to April 15, 2027, using the net
     cash proceeds from certain equity offerings at a price equal to 106.375% of the principal amount of the 2029 USD
     Notes, 105% of the principal amount of the 2029 EUR Notes, 105.875% of the principal amount of the 2031 USD
     Notes, 104% of the principal amount of the 2031 EUR Notes and 106.125% of the principal amount of the 2031 GBP
     Notes being redeemed, plus, in each case accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to but
     excluding, the date of the redemption, subject to certain conditions set forth in the Indenture that governs the Notes.
     Furthermore, the issuer at any time prior to April 15, 2026 is entitled, during each twelve month period commencing
     April 29, 2024 in case of the 2029 Notes and any time prior to April 15, 2027, during each tewlve month period
     commencing April 15, 2027 in case of the 2031 Notes to redeem up to 10% of the aggregate principal amount
     outstanding of each series of 2029 and 2031 Notes at a redemption price equal to 103% of the principal amount
     redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional amounts, if any, to but excluding, the date of redemption.
     The issuer may redeem some or all of the 2029 Notes and 2031 Notes on or after April 15, 2026 and on or after April
     15, 2027, respectively, at the redemption prices set forth in the Indenture.
     As of December 31, 2025, the Group was in compliance with all applicable debt covenants.
     Bridge Credit Agreement
     On April 29, 2025, the Company entered into a Bridge Credit Agreement providing a €2.5 billion senior secured
     first-lien term loan to fund the Snai acquisition. Borrowings under this facility bear interest at EURIBOR + 1.25%.
     On July 10, 2025, the Group entered into a second Bridge Credit Agreement providing $1.75 billion of senior



                                                             120
Table of Contents


      secured first-lien term loan commitments, which were drawn on July 30, 2025, to fund the Boyd Transaction.
      Borrowings under this facility bear interest at Term SOFR + 1.25%.
      The net proceeds from the 2031 Notes and the USD First Lien Term Loan B 2032 were used to repay in full both
      Bridge Credit Agreements, fund general corporate purposes, and pay related transaction costs.
      Loss on Extinguishment of Debt
      Loss on extinguishment of debt includes the write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs, and extinguishment
      gains/loss arising from the refinancing transactions.
      The Group recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $23 million, $7 million and $6 million for the years ended
      December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The fiscal 2025 loss related to the repayment of the Bridge Credit
      Agreement dated April 29, 2025, and the Bridge Credit Agreement dated July 10, 2025, and consisted principally of
      write-offs of unamortized debt issuance costs and related fees associated with the repayment of bridge borrowings.
      The fiscal 2024 and 2023 losses primarily related to partial repayments of principal on certain USD and EUR First
      Lien Term Loans during refinancing transactions, resulting in the write-off of unamortized discounts and debt
      issuance costs.
      Contractual Debt Payments
      As of December 31, 2025, the contractual principal repayments of the Group’s outstanding borrowings, excluding
      accrued interest, amount to the following:

                            ($ in millions)
                            2026                                                   $         52
                            2027                                                             52
                            2028                                                          2,593
                            2029                                                          1,164
                            2030                                                          3,692
                            Thereafter                                                    4,746
                            Total                                                  $     12,299

      In addition, the Group is obligated to make periodic interest payments at variable rates, depending on the terms of the
      applicable debt agreements. Actual future interest payments may differ from these amounts based on changes in
      floating interest rates or other factors or events.
      The Group uses derivative financial instruments to hedge interest rate risk and foreign currency rate risk arising from
      long term debt as discussed in Note 16.

16.   DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES
      In the normal course of the Group’s business operations, it is exposed to certain risks, including changes in interest
      rates and foreign currency rates. In order to manage these risks, the Group uses derivative instruments such as cross-
      currency interest rate swaps, interest rate swaps, foreign exchange forward contracts, options and other instruments
      with similar characteristics. None of the Group’s derivatives are used for speculative purposes.
      Cash flow hedges
      Interest rate and foreign currency risk arising from a portion of the Group’s floating interest rate USD First Lien
      Term Loan B maturing in 2030 and 2032, along with foreign currency risk arising from the Group’s fixed rate USD
      Senior Secured Notes maturing in 2029 are managed using interest rate swaps and cross-currency interest rate swaps,
      which are designated as cash flow hedges with the objective of reducing the related volatility of interest expense and
      foreign currency gains and losses.
      Cross-currency interest rate swaps
      The cross-currency interest rate swaps designated as a hedge of the interest rate and foreign currency risk arising
      from the USD First Lien Term Loan B effectively convert the variable rate USD First Lien Term Loan B into fixed
      GBP interest rate Term Loan managing interest rate risk and foreign currency risk arising from the remeasurement of
      the USD First Lien Term Loan B.




                                                            121
Table of Contents


     The cross-currency interest rate swaps designated as a hedge of the foreign currency risk arising from the USD
     Senior Secured Notes effectively convert the fixed rate USD Senior Secured Notes to fixed rate GBP Senior Secured
     Notes. Foreign currency and interest rate risks are managed by exchanging contractual amounts at exchange rates and
     interest rates determined at contract inception.
     Interest rate swaps

     The interest rate swaps designated as a hedge of the interest risk arising from the USD First Lien Term Loan B
     effectively converts the variable rate term loan into a fixed rate term loan. Interest risk is managed by exchanging
     contractual amounts at interest rates determined at contract inception.
     The following table summarizes the Group's outstanding derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges:

                                                                                       As of December 31,
                                                                         2025                                     2024
                                                              Notional                                 Notional
                                        Hedged Item        ($ in millions)   Expiration date        ($ in millions)    Expiration date
        Cross-currency interest         USD Term                                                                  June 30,
        rate swaps                       Loan B         $              —                   —                  689 2025
                                       USD Senior
        Cross-currency interest
                                        Secured                           April 15,                               April 15,
        rate swaps
                                         Notes                        525 2026                                525 2026

                                                                         September                                June 30,
                                        USD Term                         30, 2026 to                              2025 to
        Interest rate swaps
                                         Loan B                          June 30,                                 September
                                                                   1,994 2027                               1,949 30, 2026

     Changes in the fair value of the portion of the derivative included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness of cash
     flow hedges are recorded in other comprehensive income (loss), until earnings are affected by the variability of cash
     flows.
     The following table summarizes the gains (losses) of the Company’s designated cash flow hedges for the years ended
     December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023:
                                                                   Location of loss
                                                                  (gain) reclassifed      Amount of loss (gain) reclassified from
                     Amount of (loss) gain recognized in OCI
                                                                   from AOCI into            AOCI into net income (loss)
                                                                     income (loss)


                                                               Year ended December 31,
       ($ in
       millions)        2025          2024          2023                                    2025              2024            2023
       Cross-                                                    Interest
       currency                                                expense, net                          4                 2             62
       interest                                               Other income
       rate swaps              (98)          (25)      (159) (expense), net*                       93                 33          158
       Interest                                                  Interest
       rate swaps               (2)           13         38 expense, net                           (10)               (3)        (127)
       Total
                           (100)          (12)         (121)                                        87                32             93

            * Included in foreign exchange gain, net, which is a component of other income (expense), net.

     The Group expects to reclassify a gain of $2 million from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into
     earnings within the next 12 months.




                                                                 122
Table of Contents


     Fair value hedges
     Cross-currency interest rate swaps
     Foreign currency risk arising from a portion of the Group's floating rate USD First Lien Term Loan B and USD
     Senior Secured Notes are managed using receive fixed rate, pay fixed rate or receive variable rate, pay variable rate
     cross-currency interest rate swaps with the objective of reducing the volatility of foreign currency gains and losses.
     Foreign currency risk is managed by exchanging contractual amounts at exchange rates which are determined at
     contract inception.
     As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the notional amounts of cross-currency interest rate swaps designated in a fair
     value hedge of the USD First Lien Term Loan B, were nil and $1,425 million, respectively, and $1,000 million
     (maturing June 4, 2027) and nil, respectively, for those designated in a fair value hedge of the USD Senior Secured
     Notes.
     The Group recorded a foreign currency loss of $88 million, a gain of $86 million and nil in earnings for the years
     ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which offset the foreign currency gain for the year ended
     December 31, 2025 and foreign currency loss for the year ended December 31, 2024 from the USD First Lien Term
     Loan B and USD Senior Secured Notes.
     The Group excludes the cross-currency basis spread in the swap from the hedge effectiveness assessment and
     recognizes the excluded component into earnings through the periodic interest settlements on the swaps. Changes in
     the fair value of the excluded components recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) were a loss of $15
     million, a loss of $1 million and nil for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The
     amount recognized in earnings in foreign exchange gain, net, which is a component of other income (expense), net
     were a loss of $3 million for the year ended December 31, 2025 and nil for the years ended December 31, 2024 and
     2023, respectively .
     Interest rate swaps
     Interest risk arising from changes in three month SOFR arising from the fixed rate senior secured notes due 2031 are
     managed using interest rate swaps that effectively convert the fixed rate senior secured notes into variable rate senior
     secured notes. Interest risk is managed by exchanging contractual amounts at interest rates determined at swap
     contract inception.
     The notional amount of interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges of interest rate risk on the USD Senior
     Secured Notes was $500 million (maturing June 4, 2027) as of December 31, 2025 (nil as of December 31, 2024).
     The following table presents amounts recorded in long-term debt in the Consolidated Balance Sheets related to
     cumulative basis adjustment for fair value hedges ($ in millions):

                                      As of December 31, 2025                           As of December 31, 2024
                                                   Cumulative basis                                  Cumulative basis
                                                  adjustment included                               adjustment included
                               Carrying amount                                   Carrying amount
                                                    in the carrying                                   in the carrying
                                                        amount                                            amount
      Long-term debt                         $1,648                       $3                     —                    —

     Net investment hedges
     The Group has investments in various subsidiaries with Euro and USD functional currencies. As a result, the Group
     is exposed to the risk of fluctuations between the Euro and GBP and USD and GBP exchange rates. The Group
     designated its Euro denominated loans and a portion of its USD Term Loan B and receive fixed rate, pay fixed rate
     and receive variable rate, pay variable rate cross-currency interest swaps whereby the Group will receive GBP from,
     and pay Euro to, the counterparties at exchange rates which are determined at contract inception, as a net investment
     hedge which are intended to mitigate foreign currency exposure related to non-GBP net investments in certain Euro
     and USD functional subsidiaries.
     The following table summarizes the hedging instruments designated in a net investment hedge relationship, these
     hedge relationships were considered highly effective:




                                                            123
Table of Contents


                                             As of December 31, 2025                   As of December 31, 2024
                                    Notional ($ in                              Notional ($ in
                                                         Expiration date                                Expiration date
                                      millions)                                   millions)

        Euro denominated debt                     November 30, 2028 to                         July 31, 2028 to
                                            2,031 June 04, 2031                            919 April 29, 2029
        USD denominated debt                  200 November 30, 2030                         —                   —
        Cross-currency interest                   September 30, 2026 to                        June 30, 2025 to
        rate swaps                          1,017 June 30, 2027                            830 September 30, 2026

     Gains (losses) on derivatives designated as net investment hedges recognized in other comprehensive income (loss)
     for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 are summarized below (in millions):


                                                                           Gains (losses) recognized in OCI
                                                                           For the year ended December 31,
                                                                            2025                 2024             2023
           Euro denominated debt                                            (49)                  43              (51)
           USD denominated debt                                                8                  —                 —
           Cross-currency interest rate swaps                               (56)                  30                81
           Total                                                            (97)                  73                30

     There were no amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income related to the net investment
     hedges during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, as the Group has not sold or liquidated (or
     substantially liquidated) its hedged subsidiaries.




                                                            124
Table of Contents


      The following table summarizes the fair value of the Group's derivatives as of December 31, 2025 and 2024:

        ($ in millions)                                       As of December 31, 2025                       As of December 31, 2024


                                                           Assets 1            Liabilities 2            Assets 1             Liabilities 2

        Derivatives designated as cash
        flow hedges:

        Cross-currency interest rate swaps                              7                   (43)                    12                     (9)
        Interest rate swaps                                             1                     (2)                   14                     —
        Total derivatives designated as
        cash flow hedges                                                8                   (45)                    26                     (9)

        Derivatives designated as fair
        value hedges:
        Cross-currency interest rate swaps                              7                     (7)                   84                     —
        Interest rate swaps                                            13                     (4)                   —                      —
        Total derivatives designated as
        fair value hedges                                              20                   (11)                    84                     —


        Derivatives designated as net
        investment hedges:

        Cross-currency interest rate swaps                             15                   (30)                    23                     (5)
        Total derivatives designated as
        net investment hedges                                          15                   (30)                    23                     (5)


        Derivatives not designated as
        hedging instruments:

        Foreign currency forward contracts                             —                     —                      —                      (1)
        Total derivatives not designated
        as hedging instruments                                         —                     —                     —                       (1)
        Total derivatives                                              43                   (86)                  133                     (15)

1.    Derivative assets are recorded within prepaid expenses and other current assets and other non-current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
2.    Derivative liabilities are recorded within other current liabilities and other non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets


17.   REDEEMABLE NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
      Redeemable non-controlling interest
      FanDuel
      During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group settled the redeemable non-controlling interest by acquiring
      Boyd’s 5% stake in FanDuel for $1,553 million, resulting in the Group obtaining 100% ownership of FanDuel
      (subject to the Fox Option).
      Junglee
      In July 2023, the Group completed the acquisition of 32.5% outstanding shares of Junglee for a cash payment of $95
      million. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group completed the acquisition of a further 10.2% in
      Junglee Games Inc. for cash consideration of $67 million. This acquisition brings the Group’s holding in Junglee
      Games Inc. to 100% and economic interest in Junglee Games India Private Limited (“Junglee India”) to 95%.




                                                                         125
Table of Contents


     Sachiko
     As part of the Group’s acquisition of Sachiko Gaming Private Limited (“Sachiko”) in 2022, through Junglee India,
     the Group issued 5% equity interest in Junglee India to Sachiko’s previous owners as consideration. At the time of
     Sachiko’s acquisition, a redemption mechanism in the form of symmetrical call and put options was agreed to enable
     the Group to re-acquire 5% equity interest in Junglee India. The options are exercisable in two tranches, the first
     being within one year after the expiry of five years from the closing date as defined in the subscription agreement
     and the second with one year after the expiry of 10 years from the closing date as defined in the subscription
     agreement. The options expire if neither the Group nor the non-controlling interest shareholder exercise the options.
     This allows the Group to increase its ownership interest in Junglee India to 100% in 2032. The option’s exercise
     price is based on a formula which provides equal weightage to EBITDA and Net Revenue multiples, as defined in
     the shareholders agreement. The options can be settled in cash or shares, subject to mutual agreement of both parties.
     Maxbet
     The Maxbet shareholders' agreement includes call and put options to acquire the 49% stake held by non-controlling
     interest in MAX BET DOO NOVI SAD. The call and put options are exercisable in 2029, commencing on the date
     on which the option price is determined in accordance with the terms set out in the shareholders' agreement and
     ending on a date that is 30 days thereafter. The options expire if neither the Group nor the non-controlling interest
     shareholders exercise the options within the option exercise period. The option price is calculated using a multiple of
     MaxBet’s EBITDA less net debt or plus net cash, as defined in the shareholders agreement, subject to a cap
     calculated as $7 billion (€6 billion) less the purchase consideration. The options can be settled, at the Group’s
     election, in cash or freely tradable shares of Flutter.
     NSX
     The NSX shareholders' agreement includes call and put options to acquire the remaining 44% of the combined
     Flutter Brazil business held by the former shareholders of NSX. The call and put options subject to the terms of the
     shareholders agreement are exercisable in two tranches within 60 days starting immediately after the fifth and tenth
     anniversaries of the completion of the transaction. The options expire if neither the Group nor the non-controlling
     interest shareholder groups exercise the options within the option exercise period. The option price is based on
     market value of the shares on the valuation date, as defined in the shareholders agreement. The options can be settled,
     at the Group’s election, in cash or freely tradable shares of Flutter.
     Ordinary shares
     The total authorized ordinary shares of the Company comprise 300,000,000 ordinary shares of €0.09 ($0.11) each
     (2024: 300,000,000 ordinary shares of €0.09 ($0.10) each). All issued ordinary shares are fully paid. The holders of
     ordinary shares are entitled to vote at general meetings of the Company. Where voting at a general meeting is done
     by way of a poll, each shareholder present is entitled to one vote for each share that he or she holds as of the record
     date for the meeting. Where voting is by way of a show of hands at a general meeting, every shareholder as of the
     record date for the meeting who is present in person and every proxy shall have one vote. Ordinary shareholders are
     also entitled to receive dividends as may be declared by the Company from time to time.
     Share purchases
     On September 25, 2024, our Board authorized a share repurchase program (the “2024 Share Repurchase Program”)
     of up to $5 billion of our ordinary shares. During fiscal 2025, the Group repurchased 3,927,772 ordinary shares under
     the 2024 Share Repurchase Program for a total of $1 billion.
     Non-controlling interests
     At December 31, 2025, non-controlling interests amount to $236 million (December 31, 2024: $166 million).




                                                            126
Table of Contents


18.   CHANGES IN ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)
      The following table presents the changes in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) by component for the years
      ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023:

                                                                                              Unrealized          Foreign
                                                                                              Gains and          Currency
                                                                                              Losses on       Translation, net
                                                                            Gains and loss   Available-for-        of Net
                                                        Fair value          on Cash Flow      Sale Debt         Investment
 ($ in millions)                                         hedges                Hedges          securities         Hedges          Total
 Balance as of December 31, 2022                    $            — $                   22 $              (6) $        (1,798) $     (1,782)
 Other comprehensive income (loss)
 before reclassifications                                        —                   (121)                5              322              206
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated
 other comprehensive loss                                        —                     93               —                 —                93
 Net current period other comprehensive
 income (loss), before tax                                       —                    (28)               5               322              299
 Tax effect 1                                                    —                     —                —                 —                —
 Net current period other comprehensive
 income (loss), net of tax                                       —                    (28)                5              322           299
 Balance as of December 31, 2023                    $            — $                   (6) $             (1) $        (1,476) $     (1,483)
 Other comprehensive income (loss)
 before reclassifications                                            (1)              (12)              —                (463)        (476)
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated
 other comprehensive loss                                        —                     32               —                 —                32
 Net current period other comprehensive
 income (loss), before tax                                       (1)                   20               —                (463)        (444)
 Tax effect 1                                                    —                     —                —                  —            —
 Net current period other comprehensive
 income (loss), net of tax                                           (1)               20               —               (463)         (444)
 Balance as of December 31, 2024                    $                (1) $             14 $             (1) $         (1,939) $     (1,927)
 Other comprehensive income (loss)
 before reclassifications                                       (15)                 (100)              —                832              717
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated
 other comprehensive loss                                            3                 87               —                 —                90
 Net current period other comprehensive
 income (loss), before tax                                      (12)                  (13)              —                832              807
 Tax effect 1                                                     3                     3               —                  3                9
 Net current period other comprehensive
 income (loss), net of tax                                       (9)                  (10)              —                835           816
 Balance as of December 31, 2025                    $           (10) $                  4 $             (1) $         (1,104) $     (1,111)
1. The Group uses the portfolio approach for releasing income tax effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.


19.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION
      The Group maintains various share schemes for employees (and, where the specific rules permit, non-executive
      directors and/or non-employee contractors). Detail of the key schemes are summarized below.
      On June 5, 2025, the Company’s shareholders approved the Company’s Amended and Restated 2024 Omnibus
      Equity Incentive Plan (the “Amended Omnibus Plan”), the Company’s 2025 Employee Share Purchase Plan (the
      “2025 ESPP”) and the Company’s Sharesave Scheme, as amended and restated (the “Amended Sharesave Scheme”):
       •    The Amended Omnibus Plan increases the aggregate number of ordinary shares (“Shares”) that can be issued
            under the Flutter Entertainment plc 2024 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the “2024 Incentive Plan”) from
            1,770,000 to 8,520,000.




                                                                           127
Table of Contents


      •   The 2025 Employee Share Purchase Plan (“2025 ESPP”) consists of two components: a component intended to
          qualify as an “employee stock purchase plan” under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
          amended (“the Code”), so that awards granted to U.S. taxpayers are treated as tax-qualified awards under the
          Code, and a component that is not intended to qualify. The maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be
          issued pursuant to the 2025 ESPP is equal to 3,000,000 Shares. No 2025 ESPP awards have been granted during
          2025.
      •   The Amended Sharesave Scheme remains substantively the same as the Flutter Entertainment plc Sharesave
          Scheme, except for the following changes: reduction in the maximum level of discount represented by the option
          exercise price against the market value of shares (from twenty-five percent (25%) to twenty percent (20%)), and
          replacement of the U.K.- style dilution limit with a fixed number of 3,000,000 Shares being available under the
          plan (including any sub-plans). No Sharesave Scheme options have been granted during 2025.
     Flutter Entertainment plc 2024 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the ‘2024 Incentive Plan’)
     The following table provides a summary of the activity under the 2024 Incentive Plan:

                                                 Restricted Share Awards                        Options
                                                                                               Weighted
                                                                                                Average          Aggregate
                                                               Weighted-                       Remaining          Intrinsic
                                               Number of      Average Fair      Number           Term               Value
                                                 Units           Value          of Units        (Years)        ($ in millions)
      Outstanding at December 31, 2023                  —               —              —
      Granted                                      154,460             254         13,355
      Exercised/Vested                                 —                —              —
      Cancelled/Lapsed                                 —                —              —
      Outstanding at December 31, 2024            154,460 $            254         13,355
      Granted                                     953,732              264         25,351
      Exercised/Vested                            (51,516)             238         (6,718)                                   2
      Cancelled/Lapsed                            (72,455)             251         (1,154)
      Outstanding as of December 31,
        2025                                       984,221 $           260         30,834                 11                 7

     A total of 267,499 and 85,421 of the awards granted during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024,
     respectively, have a market condition based on the Total Shareholder Return (“TSR”) relative to the TSR
     performance of the S&P 500 equity index. This market condition was directly factored into the fair-value-based
     measure of the awards at the grant date. The Group engaged a third-party valuation specialist to determine the fair
     value of those awards using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The key inputs in the model were the weighted average
     volatility of 38.86% (December 31, 2024: 40.00%) and the weighted average share price at the date of grant of the
     respective awards, which was $230.84 (December 31, 2024: $220.90). The weighted average fair value of the awards
     at the grant date was $297.59 (December 31, 2024: $294.14). The remaining 711,584 options with a nominal
     exercise price and restricted awards (December 31, 2024: 82,394) had a weighted average grant date fair value of
     $257.04 (December 31, 2024: $213.08) based on the quoted trading price of the Group’s share price on the date of
     the grant.
     For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 the total compensation cost arising from the 2024 Incentive Plan
     was $123 million and $6 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, there was $156 million and $20
     million, respectively, of total unrecognized compensation costs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted
     average period of 1.46 and 1.5 years.
     Flutter Entertainment plc 2016 Restricted Share Plan (the “Restricted Share Plan”) The Group issues non-vested
     share (restricted share) awards and share options with a nominal exercise price under the Restricted Share Plan.
     Awards granted under the Restricted Share Plan in some cases vest over three and four years and in other cases vest
     over one and two years. The grant date fair value of the awards is determined based on the quoted trading price of the
     Group’s shares on the London Stock Exchange on the date of the grant. Restricted Share Plan awards are equity-
     classified awards with compensation cost recognized over the requisite service based on the fair-value-based measure
     of the award on the grant date.




                                                           128
Table of Contents


     The following table provides a summary of the activity under the Restricted Share Plan:

                                                 Restricted Share Awards                             Options
                                                                                                    Weighted
                                                                                                     Average          Aggregate
                                                               Weighted-                            Remaining          Intrinsic
                                               Number of      Average Fair           Number           Term               Value
                                                 Units           Value               of Units        (Years)        ($ in millions)
     Outstanding at December 31, 2022             972,047 $         140.25           1,328,614
     Granted                                      584,479           160.32             494,805
     Exercised/Vested                           (408,755)           140.37           (249,588)                                  42
     Cancelled/Lapsed                            (71,560)           152.38           (130,901)
     Outstanding at December 31, 2023           1,076,211           150.33           1,442,930
     Granted                                      470,354           204.25             352,172
     Exercised/Vested                           (574,423)           133.51           (421,123)                                  59
     Cancelled/Lapsed                            (82,163)           173.61            (85,432)
     Outstanding at December 31, 2024             889,979           171.22           1,288,547
     Granted                                           —                —                    0
     Exercised/Vested                            (483,163)          205.69           (355,030)                                  60
     Cancelled/Lapsed                             (41,000)          228.19            (36,320)
     Outstanding as of December 31,
     2025                                         365,816 $         218.77             897,197                  6 $           193

     The weighted average exercise price for share options granted under the Restricted Share Plan during all years
     presented and outstanding as of December 31, 2025 is a nominal price. The total fair value of restricted share awards
     vested during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $239 million, $247 million and $72 million,
     respectively.
     The following table provides additional information for share options outstanding as of December 31, 2025:

                                                                                        Weighted
                                                                                         Average        Aggregate
                                                                                        Remaining        Intrinsic
                                                                    Awards                Term             Value
                                                                   Outstanding           (Years)      ($ in millions)
           Share options exercisable                                       427,366              5.47 $           92
           Share options remaining to vest                                 469,831              6.94 $          101

     For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, compensation cost arising from the Restricted Share Plan
     was $94 million, $161 million and $153 million respectively. As of December 31, 2025, there was $43 million of
     total unrecognized compensation cost related to the Restricted Share Plan, which is expected to be recognized over a
     weighted-average period of 1.2 years.
     A total of Nil, 198,199 and 249,095 of the options awarded in December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, have
     a market condition based on the TSR, namely, the TSR performance of the S&P 500 equity index for options
     awarded in 2024 and the TSR performance of the FTSE 100 (excluding housebuilders, real estate investment trusts
     and natural resources companies) for options awarded in fiscal 2023. This market condition was factored into the
     fair-value-based measure of the award at the grant date. The Group engaged a third-party valuation specialist to
     determine a fair value for those awards using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The key inputs in the model were the
     expected weighted-average volatility of nil, 60.00% and 34.45% for fiscal years 2025, 2024 and 2023 respectively,
     and the weighted-average share price of the Group at the date of grant of the award of nil, $194.40 and $172.08 for
     fiscal years 2025, 2024 and 2023 respectively. The weighted-average fair value of the awards at the grant date was
     nil, $231.29 and $144.00 for fiscal years 2025, 2024 and 2023 respectively.




                                                           129
Table of Contents


     International Plans
     In 2021, the Group introduced plans for certain employees within the International segment that allow them to share
     in the future growth of their business. A portion of the awards vested in 2023, with the remainder vesting through
     2025. These awards have been classified as liability awards as the settlement of the awards does not expose the
     holder to gains and losses in the fair value of the Group in the same way as outright ownership.
     As a liability classified award, the fair-value-based measure is remeasured at the end of each reporting period until
     settlement. The changes in the fair-value-based measure are recognized as compensation cost (with a corresponding
     increase or decrease in the share-based liability) either immediately or over the employee’s remaining requisite
     service period or non-employee’s vesting period, depending on the vested status of the award. For unvested awards,
     the percentage of the fair-value-based measure that is recognized as compensation cost at the end of each period is
     based on the percentage of the requisite service that has been rendered.
     For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, compensation cost arising from these plans was $6 million,
     $3 million and $3 million respectively. As of December 31, 2025, there was nil total unrecognized compensation
     costs related to these plans.
     The total fair-value-based measure of share-based liabilities paid during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024
     and 2023 was nil, nil and $12 million respectively and as of December 31, 2025, the fair-value-based measure of the
     liability recorded in other current liabilities for the awards was $17 million (2024: $32 million).
     For the year ended December 31, 2025, liability-classified awards settled amounting to $29 million were settled by
     the issue of ordinary shares of equivalent value.
     Other plans
     In addition to the plans disclosed above, the Group maintains the Flutter Entertainment plc Sharesave Scheme; the
     Flutter Entertainment plc 2023 Long Term Incentive Plan; the Flutter Entertainment plc 2015 Long Term Incentive
     Plan; the Flutter Entertainment plc 2015 Medium Term Incentive Plan, the Flutter Entertainment plc 2015 Deferred
     Share Incentive Plan and the FanDuel Value Creation Award which are equity-classified awards with compensation
     cost recognized over the requisite service based on the fair-value-based measure of the award on the grant date.
     During the year a total of 375,051 awards were granted with a weighted-average grant-date fair value of $87.03. For
     the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 compensation cost arising from these plans was $37 million, $32
     million and $34 million respectively. At the year end there was a total of 1,380,620 restricted awards and options
     were outstanding for these plans as of December 31, 2025.
     Share-based compensation is classified in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) as follows:

           ($ in millions)                                            2025            2024            2023
           Cost of sales                                         $            25 $            20 $            15
           Technology, research and development expense                       43              35              30
           Sales and marketing expenses                                       15              12              14
           General and administrative expenses                               177             135             131
           Total share-based compensation                        $           260 $           202 $           190

     The income tax benefit related to the compensation expense before any valuation allowance for the years ended
     December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $58 million, $41 million and $41 million respectively. The income tax
     benefit relating to share options exercised before any valuation allowance for the years ended December 31, 2025,
     2024 and 2023 was $55 million, $54 million and $37 million respectively.




                                                           130
Table of Contents




20.    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
       The Group’s consolidated financial instruments including cash and cash equivalents, player deposits, accounts
       receivable, other current assets, accounts payable, player deposit liability, and other current liabilities are carried at
       historical cost. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the carrying amounts of these financial instruments approximated
       their fair values because of their short-term nature.
       The carrying amount of long-term debt outstanding under the TLA/TLB/RCF Agreement approximate their fair
       values, as interest rates on these borrowings are floating rates and therefore approximate current market rates. The
       fair value of the USD Senior Secured Notes, Euro Senior Secured Notes, and GBP Senior Secured Notes was $2,190
       million, $1,603 million, and $952 million, respectively as of December 31, 2025 (December 31, 2024: $533 million,
       $540 million and nil, respectively). The fair values are based on quoted market prices.
       The following tables set forth the fair value of the Group’s financial assets, financial liabilities and redeemable non-
       controlling interests measured at fair value based on the three-tier fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                      As of December 31, 2025
($ in millions)                                                      Level 1          Level 2          Level 3          Total
Financial assets measured at fair value:
Available for sale – Player deposits – investments               $             17 $              6 $             — $             23
Equity securities                                                              —                —                 7               7
Derivative financial assets                                                    —                43                               43
Total                                                                          17               49                7              73
Financial liabilities measured at fair value:
Derivative financial liabilities                                               —                86               —               86
Fox Option Liability                                                           —                —               560             560
Total                                                                          —                86              568             654
Redeemable non-controlling interests at fair value               $             — $              — $             309 $           309



                                                                                      As of December 31, 2024
($ in millions)                                                      Level 1          Level 2          Level 3          Total
Financial assets measured at fair value:
Available for sale – Player deposits – investments               $         128 $                2 $              — $            130
Equity securities                                                           —                —                    6               6
Derivative financial assets                                                 —               133                  —              133
Total                                                                      128              135                   6             269
Financial liabilities measured at fair value:
Derivative financial liabilities                                               —                15            —               15
Fox Option Liability                                                           —                —            810             810
Contingent consideration                                                       —                —             18              18
Total                                                                          —                15           828             843
Redeemable non-controlling interests at fair value               $             — $              — $        1,567 $         1,567


       There were no transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy during the years ended December 31, 2025 and
       2024.




                                                              131
Table of Contents


     Valuation of Level 2 financial instruments
     Available for sale – player deposits – investments
     The Group has determined the fair value of available for sale – player deposits – investments by using observable
     quoted prices or observable input parameters derived from comparable bonds/markets. Although the Group has
     determined that a number of the bonds fall within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy, there are a class of bonds which
     have been classified as Level 2 due to the existence of relatively inactive trading markets for those bonds.

     Derivative financial assets and liabilities – Swap agreements
     The Group uses derivative financial instruments to manage its interest rate and foreign currency risk. The valuation
     of these instruments is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow
     analysis of the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives,
     including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, such as yield curves, spot and forward
     foreign exchange rates.
     As of December 31, 2025, the Group assessed the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on
     the overall valuation of its derivative positions and determined that the credit valuation adjustments are not
     significant to the overall valuation of its derivatives. As a result, the Group determined that its valuations of its
     derivatives in their entirety are classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.


     Valuation of Level 3 financial instruments
     Non-derivative financial instruments
     Fox Option Liability
     On October 2, 2019, the Group entered into an arrangement with Fox Corporation (“Fox”), pursuant to which FSG
     Services LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fox, has an option (the Fox Option) to acquire an 18.6% equity interest
     of the then outstanding investor units (the “Fastball Units”) in FanDuel Group Parent LLC (“FanDuel”). In April
     2021, Fox filed an arbitration claim against the Group with respect to its option to acquire an 18.6% equity interest in
     FanDuel seeking the same price that the Group paid for the acquisition of the Fastball Units (37.2% of FanDuel)
     from Fastball Holdings LLC in December 2020. On November 7, 2022, the arbitration tribunal determined the option
     price as of December 2020 to be $3.7 billion plus an annual escalator of 5%. As of December 31, 2025, and
     December 31, 2024, the option price was $4.8 billion and $4.5 billion, respectively. Fox has a ten-year period from
     December 2020 within which to exercise the Fox Option, should it wish to do so, and should Fox not exercise within
     this timeframe, the Fox Option shall lapse. Cash payment is required at the time of exercise and the Fox Option can
     only be exercised in full. Exercise of the Fox Option requires Fox to be licensed.
     As of December 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, the fair value of the Fox Option amounting to $560 million and
     $810 million, respectively, included in other non-current liabilities, was determined using an option pricing model.
     The significant unobservable inputs were the enterprise value of FanDuel, the discount for lack of marketability
     (“DLOM”), the discount for lack of control (“DLOC”), implied volatility and probability of Fox getting licensed.
     The enterprise value of FanDuel was determined giving an equal weight to the value indications of the discounted
     cash flow analysis and the guideline public company analysis. The discount rate used in the discounted cash flow
     analysis was 18% and 20% for the years ended December 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, respectively. The
     enterprise value (EV)-to-revenue multiple for the last twelve months and the projected twelve months used in the
     guideline public company analysis was 3.5x and 3.0x for the year ended December 31, 2025, and 4.5x and 3.3x for
     the year ended December 31, 2024, respectively, with the ranges of revenue multiples of selected comparable
     companies being 1.3x–4.5x and 1.3x–5.5x for the years ended December 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024,
     respectively. The median was 2.3x (December 31, 2024:3.0x) for the last twelve months and 2.0x (December 31,
     2024:2.5x) for the projected twelve months for the comparable companies. The arithmetic average was 2.6x
     (December 31, 2024:3.1x) for the last twelve months and 2.2x (December 31, 2024: 2.6x) for the projected twelve
     months for the comparable companies. In developing the fair value measurement, management placed greater weight
     on multiples of peer group companies that were most directly comparable to FanDuel from within the selected
     guideline public companies. The key value drivers considered while assigning weights to multiples of peer group
     companies were profitability (profit margins), future growth prospects, and size of peer group companies, among
     others. The result of this calibration was that a multiple between the third quartile and high end was deemed most
     appropriate to develop the required fair value measurement.




                                                            132
Table of Contents


     Additionally, management applied a combined 30% and 33% discount for lack of marketability and lack of control
     for the years ended December 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024 respectively. Management estimated the DLOM
     considering outputs from various securities-based approaches that included the Asian Protective Put, Finnerty
     method and Protective put (Chaffe) method. A range of DLOMs obtained using these approaches was 11.1% to
     17.8%. To cross-verify the estimated DLOM, management also conducted restricted stock studies and observed
     average or median DLOMs in the range of c. 10.9% to c. 45.0%. Management also considered pre-initial IPO studies
     that indicate median DLOMs to be potentially in a range of 6.15% to 82%, with an arithmetic average of 46.96%
     within the population of post-2008 IPOs considered in the study. DLOC was estimated at 20.00% (December 31,
     2024: 18.40% ) using implied discounts in observable transactions and data based on Mergerstat studies. To cross-
     verify the estimated DLOC, Management has calculated the implied DLOC using the control premium used in
     goodwill impairment studies.
     The combined discounts range from 28.9% to 34.2% and 28.3% to 33.8%, with management having selected 30%
     and 33% to develop the required fair value measurement for the years ended December 31, 2025, and December 31,
     2024, respectively.
     The volatility was 32% and 35% for the years ended December 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, respectively, with
     the volatility range of the selected comparable companies being 15.1%–71.0% for December 31, 2025 and 18.1%–
     90.7% for December 31, 2024. In developing the fair value measurement, the probability of a market participant
     submitting to and obtaining a license was estimated at 75% for the years ended December 31, 2025, and
     December 31, 2024.
     Changes in discount rates, revenue multiples, DLOM, DLOC, volatility and probability of Fox getting licensed, each
     in isolation, may change the fair value of certain of the Fox Option. Generally, an increase in discount rates, DLOM
     and DLOC or decrease in revenue multiples, volatility and probability of FOX getting licensed may result in a
     decrease in the fair value of the Fox Option. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of the Fox
     Option, the fair value of the Fox Option may fluctuate from period to period. Additionally, the fair value of the Fox
     Option may differ significantly from the value that would have been used had a readily available market existed for
     FanDuel Group LLC. In addition, changes in the market environment and other events that may occur over the life of
     the Fox Option may cause the losses ultimately realized on the Fox Option to be different than the unrealized losses
     reflected in the valuations currently assigned.
     Redeemable non-controlling interests at fair value
     With respect to the redeemable non-controlling interest in NSX, the terms of the symmetrical call and put options
     agreed between the Group and NSX shareholders require the exercise price to be calculated at fair market value
     without giving effect to DLOM and DLOC. The enterprise value of the Brazil reporting unit was determined using
     equal weightings applied to the value indications of the discounted cash flow analysis and the guideline public
     company analysis. For the discounted cash flows, the discount rate is the Weighted Average Cost of Capital
     (“WACC”). The WACC combines the required return on equity based on a Capital Asset Pricing Model, which
     considers the risk-free interest rate based on yield of the 10-year Brazilian Government Bond, market risk premium,
     and small company premium with the cost of debt of 10.0%, based on BBB credit spread, adjusted using an income
     tax factor. The beta and ratio of weighted cost of capital was determined based on guideline public company
     analysis. The median of beta and ratio of equity to debt was 1.18 and 71:29, respectively The arithmetic average of
     beta and ratio of equity to debt was 1.13 and 71:29, respectively. The calculation resulted in a WACC of 17.0%. The
     exit revenue multiple used in determining the terminal value is based on guideline public companies was 1.6x. For
     the market approach the equity value was arrived at by multiplying revenue by a revenue multiple of 1.6x based on
     the median of the Guideline Public company multiples and a control premium of 10% based upon comparable
     transactions.




                                                           133
Table of Contents


       Changes in the WACC, revenue multiple and control premium, each in isolation, may change the fair value of the
       NSX redeemable non-controlling interest. An increase in WACC would result in a decrease in fair value, an increase
       in the revenue multiple would result in an increase in fair value and an increase in control premium would result in
       an increase in fair value. In addition, changes in the market environment and other events that may occur over the
       life of the symmetrical call and put options may cause the fair value of the NSX redeemable non-controlling interest
       to be different from the fair value reflected in these consolidated financial statements.
       Movements in the year in respect of Level 3 financial instruments carried at fair value
       The movements in respect of the financial assets and liabilities and redeemable non-controlling interests carried at
       fair value are as follows:

                                                                                                                          Redeemable
                                                                                                                              non-
                                                                                           Fox                             controlling
                                                 Contingent            Equity             Option                         interest at fair
($ in millions)                                 consideration         securities         Liability        Total               value
Balance at December 31, 2024                   $          (18) $                   6 $         (810) $        (822) $            (1,567)
Total gains or losses for the period:
    Included in earnings                                  —                    —                300               300                 —
     Included in other comprehensive
     income (loss)                                          2                      1             (50)             (47)                —
Attribution of net loss and other
comprehensive (income):
    Net loss attributable to redeemable
    non-controlling interest                              —                    —                     —             —                  50
    Other comprehensive (income)
    attributable to redeemable non-
    controlling interest                                  —                    —                     —             —                  (8)
Acquisitions and settlements:
   Acquisition of NSX                                     —                    —                     —             —               (256)
   Settlements                                            16                   —                     —             16             1,553
   Adjustment of redeemable non-
   controlling interest at redemption at
   fair value                                             —                    —                 —              —                   (81)
Balance at December 31, 2025             $                — $                   7 $            (560) $        (553) $              (309)
Change in unrealized gains or losses for
the period included in earnings          $                — $                  — $              300 $             300    $            —
Change in unrealized gains or losses for
the period included in other
comprehensive income (loss)              $                  2 $                    1 $           (50) $           (47) $              —




                                                                134
Table of Contents


                                                                                                                           Redeemable
                                                                                                                               non-
                                                                                          Fox                               controlling
                                             Contingent             Equity               Option                           interest at fair
($ in millions)                             consideration          securities           Liability          Total               value
Balance at December 31, 2023                $         (20) $                    9 $           (400) $          (411) $            (1,100)
Total gains or losses for the period:
     Included in earnings                               3                       (2)           (426)            (425)                   —
     Included in other comprehensive (loss)
     income                                            (1)                      (1)                 16             14                  —
Attribution of net (gain) and other
comprehensive loss:
     Net (gain) attributable to redeemable
     non-controlling interest                         —                     —                       —              —                  (25)
     Other comprehensive loss attributable
     to redeemable non-controlling interest           —                     —                       —              —                   13
Adjustment of redeemable non-controlling
interest at redemption at fair value                   —                    —                   —                —                  (455)
Balance at December 31, 2024                $         (18) $                 6 $              (810) $          (822) $            (1,567)
Change in unrealized gains or losses for
the period included in earnings             $           3 $                     (2) $         (426) $          (425) $                 —
Change in unrealized gains or losses for
the period included in other
comprehensive (loss) income                 $          (1) $                    (1) $               16 $           14     $            —


                                                                                                                           Redeemable
                                                                                                                               non-
                                                                                          Fox                               controlling
                                             Contingent             Equity               Option                           interest at fair
($ in millions)                             consideration          securities           Liability          Total               value
Balance at December 31, 2022                $         (22) $                11 $              (220) $          (231) $              (781)
Total gains or losses for the period:
    Included in earnings                                2                       (2)           (165)            (165)                   —
     Included in other comprehensive
     income (loss)                                    —                     —                   (15)               (15)                —
Attribution of net (gain) and other
comprehensive (income):
    Net (gain) attributable to redeemable
    non-controlling interest                          —                     —                       —              —                  (11)
    Other comprehensive (income)
    attributable to redeemable non-
    controlling interest                              —                     —                       —              —                  (50)
Acquisitions and settlements:
     Acquisitions Settlements                         —                     —                       —              —                   —
Adjustment of redeemable non-controlling
interest at redemption at fair value                   —                    —                   —                —                  (258)
Balance at December 31, 2023             $            (20) $                 9 $              (400) $          (411) $            (1,100)
Change in unrealized gains or losses for
the period included in earnings          $              2 $                     (2) $         (165) $          (165) $                 —
Change in unrealized gains or losses for
the period included in other
comprehensive income (loss)              $            — $                   — $                 (15) $             (15) $              —




                                                             135
Table of Contents


21.   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
      Guarantees
      The Group has uncommitted working capital overdraft facilities of $22 million (December 31, 2024: $20 million)
      with Allied Irish Banks p.l.c. These facilities are secured by a Letter of Guarantee from Flutter Entertainment plc.
      The Group has bank guarantees: (i) in favor of certain gaming regulatory authorities to guarantee the payment of
      player funds, player prizes, and certain taxes and fees due by a number of Group companies; and (ii) in respect of
      certain third-party rental and other property commitments, merchant facilities and third party letter of credit facilities.
      The bank guarantees have various expected terms up to November 30, 2039; 19 of the bank guarantees are indefinite
      lived. The maximum amount of the guarantees as of December 31, 2025 was $664 million (December 31, 2024:
      $304 million). No claims had been made against the guarantees as of December 31, 2025 (December 31, 2024: $0).
      The guarantees are secured by counter indemnities from Flutter Entertainment plc and certain of its subsidiary
      companies. The value of cash deposits over which the guaranteeing banks hold security was $39 million as of
      December 31, 2025 (December 31, 2024: $62 million).

      Other purchase obligations
      The Group is a party to several non-cancelable contracts with vendors where the Group is obligated to make future
      minimum payments under the terms of these contracts as follows:

                                                                                      Year Ending
                             ($ in millions)                                          December 31,
                             2026                                                    $       2,222
                             2027                                                            1,883
                             2028                                                              847
                             2029                                                              447
                             2030                                                              156
                             Thereafter                                                        461
                                                                                     $       6,016


      Legal Contingencies
      The Group is involved, from time to time, in various litigation, administrative and other legal proceedings, including
      regulatory actions, incidental or related to its business. The Group establishes an accrued liability for legal claims and
      indemnification claims when the Group determines that a loss is both probable and the amount of the loss can be
      reasonably estimated. The estimates are based on all known facts at the time and our assessment of the ultimate
      outcome. As additional information becomes available, the Group reassesses the potential liability related to our
      pending claims and litigation, which may also revise our estimates. The amount of any loss ultimately incurred in
      relation to these matters may be higher or lower than the amounts accrued. Due to the unpredictable nature of
      litigation, there can be no assurance that our accruals will be sufficient to cover the extent of our potential exposure
      to losses. Any fees, expenses, fines, penalties, judgments, or settlements which might be incurred by us in connection
      with the various proceedings could affect our results of operations and financial condition.
      Austrian and German player claims
      The Group has seen a number of player claims in Austria and Germany for reimbursement of historic gaming losses.
      The basis of these claims is rooted in the Group having provided remote services in Austria and Germany (outside of
      Schleswig-Holstein) from Maltese entities on the basis of multi-jurisdictional Maltese licenses, which the Group
      continues to believe is compliant in accordance with EU law. However, the Austrian Courts and certain German
      Courts consider the Group’s services non-compliant with their respective local laws. The Group strongly disputes the
      basis of these claims and judgements made by Austrian and German courts in awarding the player’s claims.




                                                              136
Table of Contents


     As of December 31, 2025, the Group has recorded an amount of €17 million ($20 million) within loss contingencies
     forming part of other current liabilities. It is reasonably possible that the actual losses could be in excess of the
     Group’s accrual. The Group is unable to estimate a reasonably possible loss or range of loss in excess of its accrual
     due to the complexities and uncertainty around the judicial process. In addition, there are further claims made against
     the Group amounting to €45 million ($53 million) as of December 31, 2025, the settlement of which is predicated on
     the merits of the case and whether the enforcement proceedings are successful in laying claim over the Group’s
     Maltese assets for settlement of these claims. The Group, based on advice from its legal counsel, believes such cross-
     border enforcement of judgements is in contravention to Maltese public policy and Regulation (EU) 1215/2012 and
     has not accrued any liability for these claims. The Group has filed countersuits before the Maltese Civil Court for
     setting aside these claims. The defendants have also filed garnishee orders with the Maltese Civil Court to attach the
     Group’s Maltese assets, some of which have already been declined by the Maltese Civil Court. Should the Maltese
     Courts decide in favor of the Group, there would be grounds for dismissal of all pending player claims instituted
     against the Group.
     While the Group believes that it has strong arguments, at this time, the Group is unable to reasonably estimate the
     likelihood of the outcome due to the complexities and uncertainty around the judicial process.
     Cybersecurity Incident
     As previously reported, the Group received notice in 2023 that certain customer and employee data was involved in
     the global incident involving the MOVEit file transfer software, which began when the third-party provider
     administering the software announced that it had identified a previously unknown vulnerability in MOVEit. The
     Group had previously used MOVEit to share data and manage file transfers similar to many companies globally.
     Once the Group was informed of the incident, the Group promptly undertook responsive measures, including
     restricting access to the affected application, launching an internal investigation in partnership with outside
     independent cybersecurity forensic consultants and notifying the relevant regulators and law enforcement agencies,
     as well as our employees and customers, impacted by the incident. Based on this investigation and information
     currently known at this time, the Group cannot determine or predict the ultimate outcome of this matter or any related
     claims or reasonably provide an estimate or range of the possible outcome or loss, if any, though the Group does not
     expect that this incident will have a material impact on our operations or financial results. However, the Group has
     incurred and may continue to incur expenses related to existing or future claims arising from this incident.
     Goods and Services Tax ("GST") rate applicable to operations in India
     As previously reported, India’s Directorate General of Goods & Services Tax (the “DGGI”) is currently investigating
     the historical characterization of products such as rummy, fantasy games and poker as ‘games of skill’ (subjects to
     tax of 18% on player commission) rather than ‘games of chance’ (subject to 28% tax on player stakes). In making
     GST returns, Junglee and PokerStars India have consistently followed the Supreme Court of India’s rulings in
     relation to the distinction between games of skill and games of chance and treated its products as games of skill.
     The DGGI has issued notices to multiple online gaming businesses alleging historical underpayment of GST,
     including to Junglee, and most recently to PokerStars India, for a total amount of ₹198.5 billion ($2.2 billion). The
     Group disputes that any additional tax is payable and has been advised that the notices received are not in accordance
     with the GST provisions applicable to past periods.
     As of the date of issue of these consolidated financial statements, Junglee and PokerStars India have had their
     respective cases joined to the GST cases of other online gaming operators pending at the Supreme Court of India (the
     “Supreme Court”). The Supreme Court has stayed proceedings such that DGGI cannot take any further action against
     Junglee or Pokerstars India, including raising a demand of the alleged underpayment of GST, until the Supreme
     Court rules on the GST cases or vacates the stay. The legal arguments before the Supreme Court have been
     concluded as of the date of issue of these consolidated financial statements with the final ruling of the Supreme Court
     awaited. The lead case (The Directorate General of GST Intelligence vs. Gameskraft Technologies Private Limited)
     was ruled in favor of Gameskraft, the taxpayer, at the Karnataka High Court in May 2023, and found that taxes had
     been paid in accordance with the law, but the case remains unresolved at the Supreme Court.
     On June 22, 2024, a meeting of India’s Goods and Services Tax Council (the “GST Council”) (a constitutional body
     responsible for the formation and recommendation of GST law changes, held by the Supreme Court to be the
     ultimate authority on the GST issues), recommended amending the GST law to empower the Indian Central
     Government, on the recommendation of the GST Council, to waive any historical taxes not paid, where the common
     trade practice was either:
         1.   not to subject the goods or services to tax, or
         2.   to subject the goods or services to a lower tax rate than what is now being suggested by the DGGI.


                                                                137
Table of Contents


      The recommendation of the GST Council was incorporated into the Finance Act, 2024.
      While this law is not industry specific, if applied by the GST Council to the online real money gaming industry, we
      would expect the 18% GST already paid on platform commissions for past periods to be accepted as the applicable
      tax rate and the litigation referenced above will likely cease.
      As of the date of issue of the consolidated financial statements, no liability has been accrued as the Group has
      determined that it is not probable that a liability has been incurred considering the progress of the cases pending at
      the Supreme Court, decisions of the State High Courts in favor of the industry, the arguments of legal counsel
      representing the industry and the opinion of the Group’s own legal counsel.
      The Group is unable to make an estimate of any reasonably possible loss or range of losses, if any, were there to be
      an adverse final decision in the cases pending before the Supreme Court associated with the notice received.

22.   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
      The Group evaluated subsequent events through the date of issuance of the consolidated financial statements. There
      were no events requiring disclosure.




                                                            *****




                                                             138
Table of Contents


Item 9.          Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
        Not applicable.

Item 9A.         Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
       Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) as of December 31, 2025. Based
on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2025.

Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
      Flutter’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of Flutter; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that
receipts and expenditures of Flutter are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
Flutter; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
disposition of Flutter’s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.
      Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate.
       Flutter’s management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2025, utilizing the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO)
in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). Based on the assessment by Flutter’s management, we
determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2025.
      Flutter’s management’s assessment for fiscal 2025 excluded the internal controls over financial reporting of Snai,
acquired by Flutter during 2025. Total assets and total revenues of Snai, a wholly owned subsidiary, represented 12% and
5% of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025.
      The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025 has been audited by
KPMG, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included in Part II, Item 8 of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.


Previously Reported Material Weaknesses
       As previously reported in Part II, “Item 9A—Controls and Procedures” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2024, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. A
material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in our internal control over financial reporting such that
there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements would not be
prevented or detected on a timely basis.
       In order to remediate the identified deficiencies, management developed and executed a comprehensive remediation
plan. In fiscal 2025, we have taken action in relation to the prior year material weaknesses as follows:
       (i) designing and implementing an effective risk assessment to identify and communicate appropriate objectives in
relation to financial reporting error and fraud;
    •     In the prior year we documented risk assessments for our financial reporting processes and developed an effective
          enterprise-wise risk assessment process. In the current year we continued enhancing our risk assessments for
          financial reporting processes, as described in (ii) and (v) below.




                                                              139
Table of Contents


    •    We have also developed and implemented enhanced fraud risk assessment processes, the outputs of which are
         integrated with our enterprise-wide risk and financial reporting risk assessment processes.
    •    Our activities were reviewed by senior finance leadership and overseen by the Audit Committee.
       (ii) designing, implementing and operating effective control activities, including management review controls, in
relation to certain complex accounting, valuation and other areas, principally the review of manual journal entries,
balance sheet reconciliations, cost allocations for income statement presentational purposes, acquisition accounting,
treasury accounting and carrying values for impairment testing;
    •    For certain business processes, we reassessed our end-to-end process, performed a new risk assessment, and then
         identified and designed relevant control activities to be performed to address those risks. These activities were
         supported by external consultants who have extensive experience in internal controls and, where relevant,
         specialist subject matter area knowledge.
    •    We issued new policies and procedures to provide guidance on the design, implementation and operating
         effectiveness of control activities to our finance teams, and senior finance leadership monitored the adoption of
         these.
    •    We reconfigured our consolidation system hierarchies and remapped certain data elements to enable a clear
         alignment of carrying values to reporting units.
    •    Targeted training and coaching of relevant personnel operating controls has been provided, in particular on
         requirements for management review controls.
     (iii) designing, implementing and operating effective general IT controls related to user access management and
change management;
    •    Management has designed and implemented enhanced IT processes and controls for the systems and tools relevant
         to internal control over financial reporting, specifically strengthening user access and change management
         controls.
    •    Targeted training, guidance and coaching of relevant personnel responsible for operating general IT controls to
         ensure consistent and effective performance.
    •    Mitigating control activities have been performed, documented and monitored where necessary, to confirm that
         any exceptions do not threaten the integrity of the IT control environment.
       (iv) maintaining sufficient documentation to evidence the processes and controls in place to ensure adequate review
over financial reporting;
    •    We have enhanced our external financial reporting process and recruited additional personnel with GAAP and
         SEC reporting experience to implement and operate newly designed controls and maintain sufficient control
         documentation.
     and (v) designing, implementing and operating effective control activities in Sisal, our Italian business acquired in
August 2022 that operates on a different ERP to the majority of the Group.
    •    Management has designed, implemented and operated effectively enhanced IT processes and controls for the
         systems and tools relevant to internal control over financial reporting at Sisal.
    •    Mitigating control activities have been performed, where necessary, to demonstrate exceptions do not threaten the
         integrity of the IT control environment.
    •    For certain business processes, we reassessed our end-to-end process, performed a new risk assessment, and then
         identified and designed relevant control activities to be performed to address those risks.
    •    Targeted training and coaching of relevant personnel operating controls has been provided.
      Management has determined, through its current year testing, that the controls have been designed and implemented
effectively and that these controls operated effectively for a sufficient period of time. Based on the remediation measures
above, management concluded that the previously disclosed material weaknesses have been remediated as of the year
ended December 31, 2025.




                                                            140
Table of Contents


Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
      Except for the improvements to our internal control over financial reporting to remediate the material weaknesses as
otherwise described herein, there were no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our most
recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting.
       In fiscal 2024, management commenced a multi-year finance transformation project that includes, but is not limited
to, the upgrading and migrating of certain accounting and finance systems to a new enterprise resource planning system,
with corresponding re-engineering of business process and internal controls over financial reporting. This transformation
project will continue through 2027 and is expected to modify the design and implementation of certain internal control
processes in 2026 and 2027.

Item 9B.        Other Information
      During the three months ended December 31, 2025, neither the Company nor any of its directors or officers (as
defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) adopted, terminated or modified a Rule
10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation
S-K of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended).

Item 9C.       Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
      Not applicable.




                                                             141
Table of Contents


                                                       PART III

Item 10.       Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
      The information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders to be filed with the SEC, within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 (the “2026 Proxy
Statement’), and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 11.       Executive Compensation
      The information required by this item will be included in our 2026 Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by
reference.

Item 12.       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
      The information required by this item will be included in our 2026 Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by
reference.

Item 13.       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
      The information required by this item will be included in our 2026 Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by
reference.

Item 14.       Principal Accountant Fees and Services
      The information required by this item will be included in our 2026 Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by
reference.




                                                           142
Table of Contents


                                                       PART IV

Item 15.   Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

3.1         Memorandum and Articles of Association of Flutter Entertainment plc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
            3.1 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 1, 2024).

4.1         Description of Registrant’s securities.*

4.2         Indenture, dated as of April 29, 2024, by and among Flutter Treasury DAC, as Issuer, the Guarantors party
            thereto, Citibank, N.A., London Branch, as trustee, paying agent, transfer agent and registrar and Wilmington
            Trust (London) Limited as security agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant’s
            Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 29, 2024).

4.3         Form of Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant’s Current
            Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 29, 2024).

4.4         Officer’s Certificate, dated June 4, 2025, relating to the 5.875% senior secured notes due 2031, 4.000%
            senior secured notes due 2031 and 6.125% senior secured notes due 2031, pursuant to Sections 2.16(c) and
            13.03(a) of the Indenture (including the form of 5.875% senior secured notes due 2031, 4.000% senior
            secured notes due 2031 and 6.125% senior secured notes due 2031) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1
            of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 4, 2025).

4.5         Officer’s Certificate, dated August 7, 2025, relating to the 5.875% senior secured notes due 2031, 4.000%
            senior secured notes due 2031 and 6.125% senior secured notes due 2031, pursuant to Sections 2.16(c) and
            13.03(a) of the Indenture (including the form of 5.875% senior secured notes due 2031, 4.000% senior
            secured notes due 2031 and 6.125% senior secured notes due 2031) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1
            of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 7, 2025).

10.1        Third Amendment to Syndicated Facility Agreement (including the full Syndicated Facility Agreement, as
            amended, as Annex A), dated July 29, 2022, among Flutter Entertainment plc, Stars Group Holdings B.V.,
            Flutter Financing B.V., Stars Group (US) Co-Borrower, LLC, the other borrowers, lenders and issuing banks
            from time to time party thereto, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as the administrative agent, and
            Lloyds Bank plc, as the collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant’s
            Registration Statement on Form 20-F, filed with the SEC on January 11, 2024).

10.2        Syndicated Facility Agreement, dated November 24, 2023, among Flutter Entertainment plc, PPB Treasury
            Unlimited Company, Betfair Interactive US Financing LLC, TSE Holdings Limited, FanDuel Group
            Financing LLC, Flutter Financing B.V., the other borrowers, lenders and issuing banks from time to time
            party thereto, J.P. Morgan SE, as the administrative agent and Lloyds Bank plc, as the collateral agent
            (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form 20-F, filed with
            the SEC on January 11, 2024).

10.3        First Incremental Assumption Agreement to the Syndicated Facility Agreement, dated March 14, 2024,
            among Flutter Entertainment plc, PPB Treasury Unlimited Company, Betfair Interactive US Financing LLC,
            TSE Holdings Limited, FanDuel Group Financing LLC, and Flutter Financing B.V., JPMorgan Chase Bank,
            N.A., as the First Incremental Term Lender and J.P. Morgan SE, as the administrative agent (incorporated by
            reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 15,
            2024).

10.4        Second Incremental Assumption Agreement to the Syndicated Facility Agreement dated December 19, 2024
            among Flutter Entertainment plc, PPB Treasury Unlimited Company, Betfair Interactive US Financing LLC,
            TSE Holdings Limited, FanDuel Group Financing LLC, and Flutter Financing B.V., Goldman Sachs Bank
            USA as the Second Incremental Revolving Facility Lender and J.P. Morgan SE, as the administrative agent
            (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the
            SEC on March 4, 2025).

10.5        First Repricing Agreement to the Syndicated Facility Agreement dated December 19, 2024, among Flutter
            Entertainment plc, PPB Treasury Unlimited Company, Betfair Interactive US Financing LLC, TSE Holdings
            Limited, FanDuel Group Financing LLC, and Flutter Financing B.V., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and The
            2024 Refinancing Term B Rollover (together the 2024 Refinancing Term B Lender) and J.P. Morgan SE, as
            the administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on
            Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 4, 2025).




                                                          143
Table of Contents


10.6        Third Incremental Assumption Agreement to the Syndicated Facility Agreement, dated June 4, 2025, among
            Flutter Entertainment plc, PPB Treasury Unlimited Company, Betfair Interactive US Financing LLC, TSE
            Holdings Limited, FanDuel Group Financing LLC, and Flutter Financing B.V., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.,
            as the Third Incremental Term Lender and J.P. Morgan SE, as the administrative agent (incorporated by
            reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 4,
            2025).

10.7        Fourth Incremental Assumption Agreement to the Syndicated Facility Agreement, dated August 7, 2025,
            among Flutter Entertainment plc, PPB Treasury Unlimited Company, Betfair Interactive US Financing LLC,
            TSE Holdings Limited, FanDuel Group Financing LLC, and Flutter Financing B.V., JPMorgan Chase Bank,
            N.A., as the Fourth Incremental Term Lender, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as the Fourth Incremental
            Revolving Facility Lender and J.P. Morgan SE, as the administrative agent (incorporated by reference to
            Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 7, 2025).

10.8        Form of Flutter Entertainment plc Deed of Indemnity (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the
            Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form 20-F, filed with the SEC on January 11, 2024).

10.9        Form of The Stars Group, Inc. Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the
            Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form 20-F, filed with the SEC on January 11, 2024).

10.10       Rules of the Flutter Entertainment plc 2023 Long Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
            4.5 of the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form 20-F, filed with the SEC on January 11, 2024).†

10.11       Rules of the Flutter Entertainment plc 2015 Long Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
            4.6 of the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form 20-F, filed with the SEC on January 11, 2024). †

10.12       Rules of the Flutter Entertainment plc 2016 Restricted Share Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7
            of the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form 20-F, filed with the SEC on January 11, 2024).†

10.13       Rules of the Flutter Entertainment plc 2015 Medium Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to
            Exhibit 4.8 of the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form 20-F, filed with the SEC on January 11,
            2024).†

10.14       Rules of the Flutter Entertainment plc 2015 Deferred Share Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to
            Exhibit 4.9 of the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form 20-F, filed with the SEC on January 11,
            2024). †

10.15       Rules of the Flutter Entertainment plc Sharesave Scheme (as amended and restated effective June 5, 2025)
            (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant’s Form S-8 Registration Statement filed with the
            SEC on June 5, 2025).†

10.16       Rules of the Flutter Entertainment plc 2022 Supplementary Restricted Share Plan (as amended November 13,
            2024) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed
            with the SEC on March 4, 2025).†

10.17       Flutter Entertainment plc Amended and Restated 2024 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan including the Non-
            Employee Sub-Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant’s Form S-8 Registration
            Statement filed with the SEC on June 5, 2025).†

10.18       Rules of the Flutter Entertainment plc 2025 Employee Share Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to
            Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 12,
            2025).†

10.19       Service Agreement, dated May 8, 2023, by and between Betfair Limited and Peter Jackson (incorporated by
            reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 4,
            2025).†+

10.20       Confirmation of Ongoing Employment Terms, dated August 19, 2024, by and between Betfair Limited and
            Peter Jackson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K,
            filed with the SEC on March 4, 2025).†+

10.21       Restricted Stock Unit Award Notification to Peter Jackson pursuant to the Flutter Entertainment plc 2015
            Long Term Incentive Plan, dated August 3, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of the
            Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 4, 2025).†



                                                          144
Table of Contents


10.22       Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Flutter Entertainment plc 2024 Omnibus Equity
            Incentive Plan, dated August 19, 2024, by and between Peter Jackson and Flutter Entertainment plc
            (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the
            SEC on March 4, 2025).†

10.23       Letter Agreement, dated October 27, 2021, by and between FanDuel Inc. and Amy Howe (incorporated by
            reference to Exhibit 10.20 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 4,
            2025).†+

10.24       Amendment to Terms of Employment, dated August 13, 2024, by and between FanDuel Inc. and Amy Howe
            (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the
            SEC on March 4, 2025).†

10.25       Proprietary Information and Restricted Activity Agreement, dated February 1, 2021, by and between Amy
            Howe and FanDuel Inc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on
            Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 4, 2025).†+

10.26       Offer Letter, dated May 30, 2024, from Flutter Entertainment plc to Rob Coldrake (incorporated by reference
            to Exhibit 10.23 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 4, 2025).†

10.27       Service Agreement, dated May 30, 2024 by and between Betfair Limited and Rob Coldrake (incorporated by
            reference to Exhibit 10.24 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 4,
            2025).†+

10.28       Letter Agreement, dated January 9, 2025, by and between Betfair Limited and Rob Coldrake (incorporated
            by reference to Exhibit 10.25 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March
            4, 2025).†

10.29       Service Agreement, dated July 14, 2020, by and between Halfords Media (UK) Limited and Dan Taylor. *†+

10.30       Letter Agreement, dated November, 11 2024, by and between Flutter Entertainment UK Limited and Dan
            Taylor. *†+

10.31       Letter Agreement, dated March 27, 2025, by and between Betfair Interactive US LLC and Don Liu. *†+

10.32       Confidentiality and Protective Covenants Agreement, dated March 27, 2025, by and between Betfair
            Interactive US LLC and Don Liu. *†

10.33       Form of Nil Cost Option Award Certificate Pursuant to the Flutter Entertainment plc 2015 Deferred Share
            Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K,
            filed with the SEC on March 4, 2025).†

10.34       Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Certificate Pursuant to the Flutter Entertainment plc 2015 Deferred
            Share Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form
            10-K, filed with the SEC on March 4, 2025).†

10.35       Form of Nil Cost Option Award Certificate Pursuant to the Flutter Entertainment plc 2016 Restricted Share
            Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with
            the SEC on March 4, 2025).†

10.36       Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Certificate Pursuant to the Flutter Entertainment plc 2016 Restricted
            Share Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K,
            filed with the SEC on March 4, 2025).†

10.37       Form of Leadership Restricted Share Incentive Award Certificate Pursuant to the Flutter Entertainment plc
            2016 Restricted Share Incentive Plan (Nil Cost Options) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 of the
            Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 4, 2025).†

10.38       Form of Leadership Restricted Share Incentive Award Certificate Pursuant to the Flutter Entertainment plc
            2016 Restricted Share Incentive Plan (RSUs) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 of the Registrant’s
            Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 4, 2025).†




                                                          145
Table of Contents


10.39        Form of Nil Cost Option Award Certificate Pursuant to the Flutter Entertainment plc 2023 Long Term
             Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K,
             filed with the SEC on March 4, 2025).†

10.40        Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Certificate Pursuant to the Flutter Entertainment plc 2023 Long Term
             Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K,
             filed with the SEC on March 4, 2025).†

10.41        Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement Pursuant to the Flutter Entertainment plc 2024 Omnibus
             Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on
             Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 7, 2025).†

10.42        Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement Pursuant to the Flutter Entertainment
             plc 2024 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s
             Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 7, 2025).†

10.43        Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (For Non-Employee Directors) to the Flutter Entertainment
             plc Amended and Restated 2024 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan including the Non-Employee Sub-Plan
             (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the
             SEC on August 7, 2025).†

10.44        Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement to the Flutter Entertainment plc Amended and Restated
             2024 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan including the Non-Employee Sub-Plan (incorporated by reference to
             Exhibit 10.6 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 7, 2025).†

10.45        Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement to the Flutter Entertainment plc Amended and Restated
             2024 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan including the Non-Employee Sub-Plan (incorporated by reference to
             Exhibit 10.7 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 7, 2025).†

19.1         Flutter Entertainment plc Group Securities Dealing Code (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19.1 of the
             Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 4, 2025).

19.2         Flutter Entertainment plc PDMR Code (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19.2 of the Registrant's Annual
             Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 4, 2025).

21.1         List of subsidiaries.*

23.1         Consent of KPMG.*

31.1         Certification of Annual Report by Chief Executive Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
             2002.*

31.2         Certification of Annual Report by Chief Financial Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
             2002.*

32.1         Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section
             906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*

32.2         Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section
             906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*

97           Executive Incentive Compensation Clawback Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 97 of the
             Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 26, 2024).

101.1        The following information from Flutter Entertainment plc’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
             December 31, 2025 formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2025 and
             December 31, 2024; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended
             December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity and
             Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023; (iv)
             Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023; and (v)
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.*

104          Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)
_________________



                                                           146
Table of Contents


*    Filed herewith.
†    Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
+    Certain portions of this exhibit (indicated by “[***]”) have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of
     Regulation S-K.
˄    Certain schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K.


Item 16.     Form 10-K Summary
     None.




                                                          147
Table of Contents


                                                     SIGNATURES

       Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the
registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on
February 26, 2026.

                                                            Flutter Entertainment plc


                                                            By: /s/ Peter Jackson
                                                                Name: Peter Jackson
                                                                Title: Chief Executive Officer

       Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report has been signed below by
the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 26, 2026.

                             Name                                                        Capacity


                       /s/ Peter Jackson                                  Chief Executive Officer and Director
                        Peter Jackson                                        (Principal Executive Officer)


                      /s/ Robert Coldrake                                        Chief Financial Officer
                       Robert Coldrake                                (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)


                        /s/ John Bryant                                                 Director
                         John Bryant

                  /s/ Holly Keller Koeppel                                              Director
                   Holly Keller Koeppel

                    /s/ Nancy Cruickshank                                               Director
                     Nancy Cruickshank

                       /s/ Nancy Dubuc                                                  Director
                        Nancy Dubuc

                      /s/ Robert Bennett                                                Director
                       Robert Bennett

                    /s/ Alfred F. Hurley, Jr.                                           Director
                     Alfred F. Hurley, Jr.

                    /s/ Christine McCarthy                                              Director
                     Christine McCarthy

                      /s/ Carolan Lennon                                                Director
                       Carolan Lennon

                      /s/ Stefan Bomhard                                                Director
                       Stefan Bomhard




                                                            148
Forward-looking statements                                              economic factors beyond our control, such as the potential
This document (including information incorporated by                    impact of general economic conditions, including inflation,
reference in this document), contains information that is               rising interest rates and instability in the banking system, on
forward looking, including within the meaning of Section 27A            our liquidity, operations and personnel; risks related to
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of           licensing and regulation, including our ability to obtain and
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and which              maintain licenses with gaming authorities, adverse
reflects our current views with respect to, among other                 changes to, and uncertainty regarding the regulation of
things, our operations, our financial performance and our               online betting and iGaming, the failure of additional
industry. Forward-looking statements include all                        jurisdictions to legalize and regulate online betting and
statements that are not historical facts. In some cases, you            iGaming, and our ability to comply with complex, varied
can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of             and evolving U.S. and international laws and regulations
words such as “outlook”, “believe(s)”, ”expect(s)”, “potential”,        relating to our business; our success in retaining or
“continue(s)”, “may”, “will”, “should”, “could”, “would”, “seek(s)”,    recruiting officers, key employees or directors; litigation and
“predict(s)”, “intend(s)”, “trends”, “plan(s)”, “estimate(s)”,          the ability to adequately protect our intellectual property
“anticipates”, “projection”, “goal”, “target”, “aspire”, “will likely   rights; the impact of data security breaches or cyber-
result”, and or the negative version of these words or other            attacks on our systems; and our ability to prevent and
comparable words of a future or forward-looking nature.                 remediate material weaknesses in internal control over
Such forward-looking statements are subject to various                  financial reporting. Additional factors that could cause our
risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be              results to differ materially from those described in the
important factors that could cause actual outcomes or                   forward-looking statements can be found under the
results to differ materially from those indicated in these              section entitled "Risk Factors" of our Annual Report on Form
statements. Such factors include, among others, risks                   10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 and other
related to our business, operations and financial                       periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange
performance, including our ability to effectively compete in,           Commission ("SEC"), which are accessible on the SEC’s
and market trends impacting the global entertainment                    website at www.sec.gov. Accordingly, there are or will be
and gaming industries, our ability to retain existing                   important factors that could cause actual outcomes or
customers and to successfully acquire new customers, our                results to differ materially from those indicated in these
ability to develop new product offerings, our ability to                statements. These factors should not be construed as
successfully acquire and integrate new businesses, our                  exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other
ability to maintain relationships with third-parties, our               cautionary statements that are included in our filings with
ability to maintain our reputation, and public sentiment                the SEC. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or
towards online betting and iGaming generally; variability in            review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result
win rates, jackpot payouts and the scheduling of major                  of new information, future developments or otherwise,
sporting events; market and global conditions and                       except as required by law.
