  ANNUAL
  REPORT


Cooks Coffee Company
   (Formerly Cooks Global Foods Limited)

         31 March 2022
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


Contents



Contents                                                                1
Executive Chairman’s Report                                            2
Director’s Report                                                      13
Auditors’ Report                                                       15
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                       19
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                           20
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                           21
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                        23
Statutory Information and Corporate Governance                        68
Company Directory                                                     82




    COOKS COFFEE
   COMPANY LIMITED
( f o r m e r l y          C o o k s    G l o b a l         F o o d s
                            L i m i t e d )




                                                             Page 1 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


Executive Chairman’s Report

RESILIENT RECOVERY FROM COVID RESTRICTIONS

SUMMARY

During the last 2 years our teams have coped incredibly well with
unprecedented and rapidly changing conditions. Our objectives at the
beginning of the FY22 year was to prove that we could cope with the crisis
and emerge both stronger and better as a business.

Our results for FY22 and the achievements of the business at all levels show
that we have achieved both those goals and that we are building a solid
platform for future growth. Along with all Directors I would like to take this
opportunity to acknowledge the work done by our staff, franchisees and key
business partners in rising to the challenges in such a positive manner.

We are planning for a full year of “normal” trading in all core markets and
are confident that the positive trends that are evident in the FY22
performance will continue into FY23 and beyond.

   •   The Operating Profit for Continuing Operations was $0.233m, an
       improvement of $1.96m on the prior year loss of $1.727m
   •   The loss of $0.09 million for continuing business is a $2.339m
       improvement on a loss of $2.539m in the previous period. This
       turnaround is a result of the combination of the recovery in café sales
       particularly in the UK as government restrictions eased, the recovery in
       the new store opening program and a full year input of the Triple Two
       Coffee chain acquisition plus the benefits of prior restructuring,
       reduction of costs and a balance sheet restructuring.
   •   EBITDA for the year for continuing operations was $0.841m, an
       improvement of $1.722m compared to a loss the prior year of $0.908m.
   •   Store openings and other development activities were resumed as the
       government restrictions were lifted with the UK recovering strongly
       from July 2021. The company added a net 16 new outlets (17%) with 22
       new stores added and 6 closed.
   •   Trading was positive when government restrictions were lifted with
       Esquires branded stores UK sales in FY22 being 123% of FY19 & 208%
       of FY21. Most restrictions in the UK were lifted in mid-July 2021 and
       this provided 8 months of “normal” trading for comparisons.
   •   Group revenue from trading increased 430% to $7.372 million.
          o With restrictions relaxed in the UK from mid-July 2021 to March
             2022 sales & resulting royalties recovered.
          o Franchise fees that reflect the sale of new franchises and the
             opening of new outlets rose to $2.9m or 956% of FY21 levels as
             the market recovered.
   •   The UK market where the restrictions were eased in July 2021 has
       recovered strongly showing resilience with UK Esquires store sales for


                                                                  Page 2 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


       calendar year 2022 to May being 123% of the pre
       covid 2019 sales for the same period.
   •   In Ireland once restrictions were lifted, in February 2022, Esquires
       store sales recovered immediately to 97% of the 2019 comparative for
       the February/March period. The full FY22 sales performance was 76%
       of the FY19 financial year illustrating the impact on sales of the
       restrictions that were in place.
   •   During the year the group undertook a capital restructuring which
       included a rights issue, placement of the shortfall and debt
       conversions. The combination of these activities improved the balance
       sheet which along with the performance showed $2.398m at 31st
       March 2022 compared to a negative equity of $1.721m as at 31st March
       2021, an improvement of $4.119m
   •   Performance for Continuing Operations was a loss of $0.438m
       compared to the prior year of $2.546, an improvement of $2.108m
   •   The overall result for the year after all IFRS related adjustments was a
       loss of $0.558m compared to the prior year of a loss of $2.487m, an
       improvement of $1.929m.

BALANCE SHEET

Equity improved to positive $2.398m from negative ($1.721m) due to capital
raising and debt conversions.

Borrowings reduced by $2.616m from $6.499m to $3.883m million at the
same time a year ago. The reduction included the debt conversion of $2.0m
by parties related to the Chairman, Keith Jackson along with other
conversions and new capital being raised.

Management have assessed the Value in Use for the UK Triple Two business
and as a result have determined a Goodwill impairment charge of $5.983
million. Management reviewed actual performance since the date of
acquisition against the original forecasts, impacted by the Covid pandemic
and key receivables being written off during the year, when assessing the
FY23 to FY25 forecasts. Additionally, consideration was given to existing
market constraints in the UK around materials and labour, as well as store
stie availability and capacity constraints relating to the construction of new
cafes.

Based on the terms of the original Sale and Purchase Agreement relating to
the acquisition of the UK Triple Two business, management have reviewed
the quantum of contingent consideration likely to crystalise at the end of the
final earn out period. This assessment takes into account actual cash flows
generated relating to periods already completed, and revisiting cash flow
forecasts to the end of the last earn out period (31 December 2022), using
management’s knowledge of Triple Two business performance to date, and
the likely impact on remaining forecast figures of the current economic
environment. As a result of this review, $6.431 million of contingent


                                                                   Page 3 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


consideration has been derecognised and written back
against the previously recognised liability.

COMPARISON TO PRELIMINARY RESULT

The final audited result for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 for the
Cooks Coffee Company Limited Group, has a Net Loss for the year of
$0.438m. This compares to the Preliminary result released on 30th May,
which reported unaudited results of a Net Profit for the year of $0.339m
With audit clearance on the evening of 29th June from the UK and final group
clearance on 30th June, there have been several late, non-cash adjustments
affecting the result and giving rise to the negative movement of $0.897m
between the preliminary result and the final audited result released today.
The most material adjustments relate to:

   •   A further impairment of Goodwill relating to the Triple Two UK
       business of NZ$0.455m arising from further review and discussions
       with the auditors. This has reduced the carrying value of Goodwill
       relating to the Triple Two business, acquired in FY2021, from NZ$11.6m
       to NZ$5.5m as at 31 March 2022.
   •   A restatement of interest to a related party after resolving a different
       interpretation with respect to the loan agreement and the accrual of
       interest. This has resulted in an additional interest expense of $743k.
   •   There have been several further UK adjustments relating to Deferred
       Revenue and Costs which have resulted in a net increase to the final
       group result partially offsetting the impact of the above two
       adjustments.
The final Net Loss for the group of $0.438m compares to the Net Loss in the
prior year of $2.546m, a positive movement of $2.108m




                                                                   Page 4 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


OPERATIONAL BUSINESS PERFORMANCE

THE UNITED KINGDOM

ESQUIRES COFFEE (UK)

Esquires UK store numbers increased to 47 at the end of March. During the
year 4 new stores were opened and 2 were closed whilst 1 store was re-
opened after a period of closure during covid.




The following graph shows store sales for the 4 years FY18 to FY22 and
illustrates the recovery when the Government restrictions eased in July 2021
meaning that 8 months of FY22 were trading in the “new normal” manner.
For the period from August 2021 to March 2022 store sales were 131% of
2019 levels. This included a net 2 stores that were added during the period
with 4 opening and 2 stores closing. Like for like sales were 1.5% ahead of
2019 levels.




                                                                Page 5 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


The average value per transaction rose 26% to NZ$12.32
although actual transaction numbers were lower. We are
seeing numbers steadily return to pre Covid levels as customers habits
return to more what they were pre covid although we do expect lasting
changes in consumer habits such as the growth in delivery and click &
collect.

          Esquires Coffee (UK) Store Sales - NZ$m                    UK Average Transaction Value FY18-FY22 NZ$
$30.0                                                       $13.00                                            $12.32
                                                                                                    $12.02
                                                    $25.3
                                                            $12.00
$25.0
                  $20.5      $20.8                          $11.00
$20.0   $17.5                                                                   $9.65
                                                            $10.00                        $9.58
                                                                      $8.95
$15.0                                                        $9.00
                                        $12.2
                                                             $8.00
$10.0
                                                             $7.00
 $5.0
                                                             $6.00

 $0.0                                                        $5.00
        FY18       FY19       FY20      FY21        FY22              FY18      FY19      FY20       FY21         FY22

 The new store pipeline is strong and the momentum that was present pre
Covid has returned and the benefits of this will show in future years revenue
streams.

During the financial year the company sold the Regional Development rights
for the East Midlands & London regions as part of the strategy to engage
with local people who know the areas and who can assist the company to
accelerate growth. Income will be released in accordance with IFRS
standards.

TRIPLE TWO COFFEE

The Triple Two network acquired in June 2020, opened 11 new stores and
temporarily closed 2 during the financial year with 20 cafes operating at the
end of the year.




The new store pipeline is strong and a further 10 new outlets are planned to
be in place by March 2023.
                                                                                                      Page 6 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


As the acquisition of Triple Two was completed in June
2020 we do not have comparative figures for the pre Covid
era.

Triple Two was identified as a “rising star” by IGD Research in a report into
the UK Coffee Sector.

UK SUMMARY

With 67 stores operating at the end of March the group is the 4th largest
coffee focused café chain in the UK - after Costa, Starbucks & the Caffe
Nero group (Allegra Research data.) The growth pathway remains positive.
The combined Esquires and Triple Two brands have a scalable business with
critical mass and are well placed to deliver strong and sustainable results.

The Allegra Report into the UK Coffee market reported in January 2022 that:

“The UK branded coffee shop market has recovered faster than expected
from the debilitating economic impact of the pandemic, with Allegra now
estimating its value at £4.4 billion. With hospitality in full or partial lockdown
for extended periods throughout 2020, a relatively less disruptive trading
environment in 2021 along with renewed consumer desire for coffee out-of-
home has enabled annual store sales to grow from a low 2020 base by 43%,
bringing the total market to circa 87% of its pre-pandemic value. The
branded UK coffee shop market has also returned to outlet growth and now
stands at 9,540 in total, an annual increase of 324 rising by 3.5%.”

Esquires Coffee UK sales were 98% of 2019 levels which is outperforms the
industry sales relationship of 87% of 2019 levels.

IRELAND

There were 15 outlets at the end of the current year. There is an encouraging
pipeline of new stores in development for the balance of 2022 and beyond.
Ireland has been operating under stricter regulations than the UK for much
of FY22 and it wasn’t until late February 2022 that the majority of
restrictions were relaxed. This has meant that the sales patterns have been
more affected than the UK but since the lifting of the restrictions we have
seen a return to pre covid levels of like for like sales which provide
confidence that the trends we have seen in the UK will be repeated in
Ireland. The FY22 same store sales are 76% of FY19 and the chart on the
right shows the same data for the March – May period when restrictions
were lifted and these were 103.8% of 2019.




                                                                      Page 7 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED




        Esquires Coffee Ireland Store Sales FY18-FY22 NZ$m                  Esquires Coffee Ireland - Same Store Sales March - May 2022 v 2019 NZ$
$18.0                                                                4.00                                                            3.70
                    $15.4                                                                     3.57
$16.0                            $15.2
                                                                     3.50
$14.0   $13.3
                                                             $11.7   3.00
$12.0
$10.0
                                                                     2.50
 $8.0
                                              $6.3
 $6.0                                                                2.00
 $4.0
                                                                     1.50
 $2.0
 $0.0                                                                1.00
        FY18         FY19        FY20         FY21           FY22                            2019                                    2022




                                                                                                                         Page 8 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


GLOBAL

Cooks operating revenue in the segment was $0.3 million
compared to last year’s operating revenue of $0.2 million.

The international franchised markets recovered in the Middle East in
particular.

Saudi Arabia expanded with the addition of new stores in Mecca and Jeddah
where a new flagship store was opened at the new international airport in
February 2022. The business is developing rapidly as the Kingdom recovers
from Covid with sales more than 3 times sales in 2021 for the January –
April 2022 period.




FUTURE OUTLOOK

Cooks Coffee Company (‘CCC’) seeks to strengthen its position as the fourth
largest coffee focused chain and the largest solely franchisor focused café
chain in the UK & Ireland through organic growth of its franchises and further
acquisitions of boutique and artisan coffee brands.

The company is building a group of ethical coffee chains all with community
spirit. The very specific USP’s within this include but are not limited to:

       •   Ethical:
             o Fairtrade & Organic coffee

                                                                 Page 9 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


            o Use of ethical and renewable design
              materials where possible
            o Certified carbon neutral coffee roasteries and direct links to
              coffee farmers
       •   Community spirit:
            o Franchisees are local and own their own business
            o Localised bespoke design
            o Supply linkages to local producers

These factors add up to what we believe is a unique offering that cannot be
matched in UK / Ireland by any other chain operators.

CCC serves approximately 150,000 customers a week in the UK & Ireland
with 75,000 transactions per week and assuming that there are 2 people per
transaction. In the majority of cases these customers are loyal regular
customers. Moving forward the company will undertake work to upgrade its
digital suite of products to better interact with these customers and to drive
new customers to the stores and to enhance our click & collect, loyalty
programs and delivery services.

Whilst the company is ranked as the fourth largest coffee focused café
chain, its share of outlets in the UK is less than 1% of the market of 9,780
branded café chains. Given that branded chains represent approximately
30% of the total market it is clear that there is significant potential to grow
the business.

In Ireland CCC has approximately 2.3% of the market based on the latest
Allegra data reporting 654 branded cafes in the Republic.

The longer-term plan to build upon the platform set out above will focus on
strategies to build the existing network including, fully recovering from the
Covid period, development of wholesale, building the store network by
adding new stores, developing the evening trading opportunity, growing
delivery in all dayparts & building our loyalty & customer relationship
management tools through digital tools.

The company will also look to grow via synergistic acquisitions such as
illustrated by the Triple Two transaction and through vertical integration
where this is justified.

GOVERNANCE

Cooks Coffee added a new board member, Michael Ambrose an experienced
and well-respected company director

DUAL LISTING OPPORTUNITY

As the company grows the Board believe that undertaking a dual listing in
the UK will provide opportunities to grow shareholder value. The unique

                                                                  Page 10 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


selling proposition as outlined above provides a good base
for the company to establish a dual listing in the
appropriate UK market that will provide the opportunity for UK consumers
and investors to become part of the growth journey. The company is working
to develop this opportunity and will keep shareholders informed as to
progress.

OPERATING METRICS

Below are the key operating metrics for FY21 & FY22 showing the Covid
related recovery in FY22. There were a net 23 new stores added to the
network and 7 closures giving a net gain of 16 for the year.


                  NZ$m                    FY21              FY22                   %
    CCC Outlet Sales (NZ$m)               $24.8             $49.8            200.6%
         Transactions (millions)           2.1                  4.0          190.4%
   Average Transaction Value             $11.78            $12.42            105.4%

                                                                      Stores operational
   Store Numbers          Stores at   Stores Opened   Stores Closed
                                                                        at 31st March
           FY22          April 2021    during year     during year
                                                                            2022
 ECUK                        45             4               2                 47
 Triple Two                  11            11               2                 20
 ECHI                        13             3               1                 15
 Europe                       1             0               0                 1
 Pakistan & Indonesia         5             0               0                 5
 Middle East                 18             5               2                 21
 Total                       93            23              7                 109




SUMMARY

FY22 showed the resilience of the company’s brands and the core markets
of the UK and Ireland positioning the company well for future growth and
development. The outlook is positive and projections for trading in FY23 are
for the return to normal pre Covid-19 trading patterns for the full year.

Plans to grow shareholder value in the future include sustaining same store
sales growth whilst building the existing franchisee network and adding
synergistic acquisitions. The strategy includes disciplined investment for the
next phase of growth in companies that align with the Cooks’ core values
and philosophies and that will enhance the earnings per share to grow
shareholder value.

With store sales in UK & Ireland at 6% ahead of budget for the 3 months to
June I am confident that the resilience shown through the Covid period and
the positive recovery that has been seen when restrictions were lifted will
continue. The significant opportunities for growth in core markets provide
                                                                                   Page 11 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


further confidence in the future despite the current
challenges relating to supply chain issues and inflation in
all markets. We believe that we are well positioned to withstand these
pressures and build on the positive progress shown and delivered in FY22.




Keith Jackson
Executive Chairman




                                                               Page 12 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


Director’s Report

The directors of Cooks Coffee Company Limited are pleased to present to
shareholders the Annual Report and consolidated financial statements for
Cooks Coffee Company Limited and its controlled entities (together the
“Group”) for the year ended 31 March 2022.

The directors are responsible for presenting consolidated financial statements
in accordance with New Zealand law and generally accepted accounting
practice, which give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group
as at 31 March 2022 and their financial performance and cash flows for the
year ended on that date.

The directors consider that the consolidated financial statements of the Group
have been prepared using appropriate accounting policies, consistently
applied and supported by reasonable judgements and estimates and that all
relevant financial reporting and accounting standards have been followed.

The directors believe that proper accounting records have been kept which
enable, with reasonable accuracy, the determination of the financial position
of the Group and facilitate compliance of the consolidated financial
statements with the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.

The directors consider they have taken adequate steps to safeguard the assets
of the Group and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities. The
directors note that there were no material changes in the nature of the
business undertaken by the Company in the past year.

Going Concern

The directors consider that using the going concern assumption is appropriate
having reviewed cash flow projections of the Group which are based on several
key assumptions such as the outcome of current funding discussions. Greater
detail of the going concern assumptions and the cash generating initiatives
currently underway are detailed in Note 4 of the consolidated financial
statements.

Donations & Audit Fees

The Group made no donations during the past year. Amounts paid to William
Buck for audit and other services are shown in Note 22 of the consolidated
financial statements.

Other Statutory Information

Additional information required by the Companies Act 1993 is set out in the
Regulatory Disclosures and Shareholder Information sections.




                                                                  Page 13 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


The directors present the consolidated financial
statements set out in pages 19 to 82, of Cooks Coffee
Company Limited and its controlled entities for the period 1 April 2021 to 31
March 2022.

The Board of Directors of Cooks Coffee Company Limited authorised these
consolidated financial statements for issue on 30 June 2022.




                                                               Page 14 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


Auditors’ Report




                               Page 15 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


Auditors report page 2




                               Page 16 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


Auditors report page 3




                               Page 17 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


Auditors report page 4




                               Page 18 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other
Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 March 2022

                                                                                     31 March            31 March
                                                                                         2022                2021
                                                                            Notes        $'000               $'000
Continuing operations
Revenue                                                                        5         7,372               1,714
Grant and other income                                                         5           449               1,013
Raw materials and consumables used                                                     (1,628)               (138)
Depreciation and amortisation                                             15,16,21       (581)               (819)
Impairment loss on receivables                                                11         (227)                 (48)
Net foreign exchange (losses)/gains                                                      (230)                 370
Employee costs                                                                 6       (2,502)             (2,260)
Other expenses                                                                 7       (2,420)             (1,560)
Operating profit/(loss)                                                                    233             (1,727)
Interest Income                                                               21         1,145               1,147
Finance costs                                                                8,21      (2,026)             (2,039)
Reduction of contingent consideration payable                                 31         6,431                    -
Impairment of goodwill                                                        15       (5,983)                    -
Profit/(Loss) before income tax                                                          (200)             (2,618)
Income tax (expense)/credit                                                    9           110                   80
Profit/(Loss) for the year from continuing operations                                      (90)            (2,539)
Net loss for the year from discontinued operations                           13.1        (348)                  (7)
Net Profit/(Loss) for the year attributable to shareholders                              (438)             (2,546)
Other comprehensive income
Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss
Change in foreign currency translation reserve                                           (120)                  58
Total comprehensive Profit/(Loss) for the year attributable to shareholders              (558)             (2,487)

Total comprehensive Profit/(Loss) for the year attributable to
Shareholders of the parent arises from:
- Continuing operations                                                                  (210)             (2,480)
- Discontinued operations                                                  13.1          (348)                 (7)
                                                                                         (558)             (2,487)

Loss per share:
Basic and diluted loss per share (New Zealand Cents) from continuing and   20.2         (0.01)              (0.06)
discontinued operations:
Basic and diluted loss per share (New Zealand Cents) from continuing       20.2         (0.00)              (0.06)
operations:
Basic and diluted loss per share (New Zealand Cents) from discontinued     20.2         (0.01)              (0.00)
operations:

 This statement should be read in conjunction with the notes to the consolidated financial
                                       statements.




                                                                                                  Page 19 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 March 2022




               This statement should be read in conjunction with the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                                       Page 20 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at 31 March 2022




            Director                                        Director

 The consolidated financial statements were approved for issue for and on behalf of the
                                Board as at 30 June 2022.

 This statement should be read in conjunction with the notes to the consolidated financial
                                       statements.

                                                                           Page 21 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 March 2022




 This statement should be read in conjunction with the notes to the consolidated financial
                                       statements.

                                                                           Page 22 of 82
  COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

1. Nature of operations

  Cooks Coffee Company Limited (“CCC” or the “Company”, formerly Cooks
  Global Foods Limited) and its controlled entities (the “Group”) principal
  activity is the food and beverage industry with the primary focus being on
  operating a network of cafes internationally via franchised operations.

  CCC changed its name from Cooks Global Foods Limited on 31 March 2022
  and all references to the annual report this year are for CCC. Any previous
  reports will refer to Cooks Global Foods Limited.

2. General information and statement of compliance

  Cooks Coffee Company Limited is the Group’s ultimate parent company, is
  incorporated and domiciled in New Zealand and is listed on the Main board
  of the New Zealand stock exchange.

  The address of its registered office and its principal place of business is 96
  St Georges Bay Road, Parnell, Auckland, 1052, New Zealand.

  Cooks Coffee Company Limited is a company registered under the Companies
  Act 1993 and is an FMC reporting entity under Part 7 of the Financial Markets
  Conduct Act 2013. The consolidated financial statements of the Group have
  been prepared in accordance with the requirements of Part 7 of the Financial
  Markets Conduct Act 2013 and the NZX Market Listing Rules.

  The consolidated financial statements comprise the Company, its controlled
  entities and its associates (together the “Group”). See Note 14.1.

  For the purposes of complying with NZ GAAP, the Group is a Tier 1 for-profit
  entity. The Company’s consolidated financial statements comply with New
  Zealand Equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS).
  They comply with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as
  issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and IFRIC
  interpretations.

  The information in the consolidated financial statements is presented in New
  Zealand dollars which is the functional currency of the ultimate parent
  company. Amounts in the consolidated financial statements have been
  rounded off to the nearest thousand, or in certain cases, the nearest dollar
  unless otherwise stated.

  The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022
  (“FY22”) were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on
  30 June 2022.

3. Summary of accounting policies

                                                                  Page 23 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


3.1. Going concern

The directors have prepared the consolidated financial statements on the
going concern basis. In doing so significant judgement has been applied. For
further details of these assumptions and associated material uncertainties
refer to Note 4.

3.2.Overall considerations

The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these financial
statements are set out in the accompanying notes where an accounting policy
choice is provided by NZ IFRS, is new or has changed, is specific to the Group’s
operations or is significant or material.

These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented,
unless otherwise stated.

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared using the historic
cost basis with the exception of certain financial assets and liabilities which
are carried at fair value through the profit or loss. The measurement bases
are more fully described in the accounting policies below.

COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions (Amendments to NZ IFRS 16)

Effective 1 June 2020, NZ IFRS 16 was amended to provide a practical
expedient for lessees accounting for rent concessions that arise as a direct
consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic and satisfy the following criteria:

(a) The change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease
that is substantially the same as, or less than, the consideration for the lease
immediately preceding the change;
(b) The reduction is lease payments affects only payments originally due on
or before 30 June 2022; and
(c) There are is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the
lease.

Rent concessions that satisfy these criteria may be accounted for in
accordance with the practical expedient, which means the lessee does not
assess whether the rent concession meets the definition of a lease
modification. Lessees apply other requirements in NZ IFRS 16 in accounting
for the concession.

Accounting for the rent concessions as lease modifications would have
resulted in the Group remeasuring the lease liability to reflect the revised
consideration using a revised discount rate, with the effect of the change in
the lease liability recorded against the right-of-use asset. By applying the
practical expedient, the Group is not required to determine a revised discount
rate and the effect of the change in the lease liability is reflected in profit or


                                                                   Page 24 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


loss in the period in which the event or condition that
triggers the rent concession occurs.

The effect of applying the practical expedient is disclosed in Note 21.1 for
Leases.

3.3. Changes in accounting policies
The accounting policies applied are consistent with those of the audited
annual financial statements for CCC (formerly Cooks Global Foods Limited)
for the year ended 31 March 2021.

3.3.1 Comparatives
There have been a number of prior period comparatives which have been
reclassified to make disclosure consistent with the current year.

3.4. Basis of consolidation
The Group consolidated financial statements consolidate those of the parent
company and all its controlled entities as of 31 March 2022. The Group
controls an entity if it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its
involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through
its power over the entity.

All transactions and balances between Group companies are eliminated on
consolidation, including unrealised gains and losses on transactions between
Group companies. Where unrealised losses on intra-group asset sales are
reversed on consolidation, the underlying asset is also tested for impairment
from a Group perspective. Amounts reported in the consolidated financial
statements of controlled entities have been adjusted where necessary to
ensure consistency with the accounting policies adopted by the Group.

Profit or loss and other comprehensive income of controlled entities acquired
or disposed of during the year are recognised from the effective date of
acquisition, or up to the effective date of disposal, as applicable.

3.5. Foreign currency translation
Foreign currency transactions and balances
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency of
the respective Group entity, using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates
of the transactions (spot exchange rate). Foreign exchange gains and losses
resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the
remeasurement of monetary items at year end exchange rates are
recognised in profit or loss.

Non-monetary items are not retranslated at year-end and are measured at historical
cost (translated using the exchange rates at the date of the transaction).

Foreign operations
In the Group consolidated financial statements, all assets, liabilities and
transactions of Group entities with a functional currency other than the NZD

                                                                   Page 25 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


are translated into NZD upon consolidation. The
functional currencies of the entities in the Group have
remained unchanged during the reporting period.

On consolidation, assets and liabilities have been translated into NZD at the
closing rate at the reporting date. Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising
on the acquisition of a foreign entity have been treated as assets and liabilities
of the foreign entity and translated into NZD at the closing rate. Income and
expenses have been translated into NZD at the average rate (the use of
average rates is appropriate only if rates do not fluctuate significantly) over
the reporting period. Exchange differences are charged/credited to other
comprehensive income and recognised in the currency translation reserve in
equity. On disposal of a foreign operation the cumulative translation
differences recognised in equity are reclassified to profit or loss and
recognised as part of the gain or loss on disposal.

3.6. Goods and Services Tax (GST)

Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of GST,
except where the amount of GST incurred is not recoverable from the IRD. In
these circumstances, the GST is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition
of the asset or as part of an item of the expense. Receivables and payables
in the Statement of Financial Position are shown inclusive of GST.

Cash flows are presented in the statement of cash flows on a gross basis and,
except for the GST components of investing and financing activities, are
disclosed as operating cash flows.

3.7.Revenue

Revenue arises mainly from the franchise rights and royalty arrangements
that the Group has in place with franchise holders. The Group also earns
revenue from some franchisees in the establishment of their stores.

Under NZ IFRS 15, revenue from Contracts with Customers is recognised
either at a point in time or over time, or when (or as) the Group satisfies
performance obligations by transferring the promised goods or services to its
customers.

The transaction price for a contract excludes any amounts collected on behalf
of third parties.

The Group recognises contract liabilities for consideration received in respect
of unsatisfied performance obligations and reports these amounts as
deferred revenue in the statement of financial position.

Royalty income from Franchise or Master Franchise Agreements (MFAs)



                                                                   Page 26 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


The Group recognises royalty revenue derived from its
Franchises and MFAs at a point in time, based on sales by
Franchisees that are reported back to Company on a monthly basis for sales
that occurred in that month.

Incentives from Suppliers
The Group recognises incentives from suppliers derived from its Franchises
at a point in time, based on purchases by Franchisees that are reported back
to Company on a monthly basis for purchases that occurred in that month.

Franchise fees
The Group recognises revenue derived from its Country & Regional franchise
operations on a straight-line basis over a period of time that the franchise
agreement is in place, which is generally 10 years. This is the period of time
over which the performance obligation is satisfied.

The Group recognises revenue derived from the Franchise Agreements
entered by into Triple Two Coffee at the point in time as opposed to over a
period of time. Triple Two Coffee is a recently acquired master franchisor in
the UK. The Group has considered, on the balance of facts, there is only one
performance obligation for the contracts entered into by Triple Two. The
transaction price is the Franchisee Fee charged in these contracts, includes
three levels and has associated revenue recognition.

Types of Franchises                     Revenue recognition
Standard franchise license              When franchisee staff are trained
Franchise license with variable         Additional management services are
management services such as site        provided
location or store design
Franchise license with fitout as a      When     store    is   opened     and
“turn-key”                              operational



Inactive stores

Management review on a periodic basis the contracts relating to inactive
stores. These are defined as franchisees as no longer interested or able to
open those new stores. The four specific areas to determine inactivity are 1)
the agreement was signed more than 24 months from date determining if
inactive 2) funds received in cash 3) non-refundable monies per the
contract and 4) a specific review of that particular store that there are no
circumstances of transfer or arrangement with subsequent deals relating to
that franchisee or store. These are then recognised as revenue at that point
in time.

Significant financing components


                                                                Page 27 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


Using the practical expedient in NZ IFRS 15, the Group
does not adjust the promised amount of consideration for
the effects of a significant financing component if it expects, at contract
inception, the period between the transfer of the promised good or service
to the customer and when the customer pays for that good or service will
be one year or less.

Other revenue

Other revenue includes services to independent franchisees or other third parties
received by the Group. Other revenues are recognised when reliable estimates of
the amounts due to the Group are deemed to be highly probable.

Grant Income & government subsidy
The accounting policy adopted is to recognise the grant income in the period
to which the underlying furloughed staff costs relate to. The amount of the
grant income (i.e., subsidy) is based on the difference between the actual
hours a staff member worked compared to their contracted hours for a
certain period. Therefore, within the period of claim, it is deemed that the
conditions have been met to make a claim for that payroll accounting period.

3.8. Business Combinations and Goodwill

The Group applies the acquisition method in accounting for business
combinations under IFRS 3.

The consideration transferred by the Group to obtain control of a subsidiary
is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of assets
transferred, liabilities incurred and the equity interests issued by the Group,
which includes the fair value of any asset or liability arising from a contingent
consideration arrangement.

Acquisition costs are expensed as incurred.

The Group recognises identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in
a business combination at their acquisition-date fair values.

Goodwill is stated after separate recognition of identifiable intangible assets.
It is calculated as the excess of the sum of

a) fair value of consideration transferred,

b) the recognised amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and

c) acquisition-date fair value of any existing equity interest in the acquiree,
over the acquisition-date fair values of identifiable net assets. If the fair
values of identifiable net assets exceed the sum calculated above, the excess
amount (ie gain on a bargain purchase) is recognised in profit or loss
immediately.


                                                                    Page 28 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


Please refer to Note 31 for further details on the Goodwill
recognised in the acquisition of Triple Two Coffee.

3.9.Income taxes

Tax expense recognised in the statement of profit or loss comprises the sum
of deferred tax and current tax not recognised in other comprehensive
income, or directly in equity.

Current income tax assets and/or liabilities comprise those obligations to or
claims from Tax authorities relating to the current or prior reporting periods,
that are unpaid at the reporting date. Current tax is payable on taxable profit,
which differs from profit or loss in the consolidated financial statements.
Calculation of current tax is based on tax rates and tax laws that have been
enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

Deferred income taxes are calculated using the liability method on temporary
differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their
tax bases. However, deferred tax is not provided on the initial recognition of
an asset or liability unless the related transaction is a business combination
or affects tax or accounting profit. Deferred tax on temporary differences
associated with investments in controlled entities is not provided if reversal
of these temporary differences can be controlled by the Group and it is
probable that reversal will not occur in the foreseeable future.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated, without discounting, at tax
rates that are expected to apply to their respective period of realisation,
provided they are enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the
reporting period.

Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that they
will be able to be utilised against future taxable income, based on the Group’s
forecast of future operating results which is adjusted for significant non-
taxable income and expenses and specific limits to the use of any unused tax
loss or credit. Deferred tax liabilities are always provided for in full.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only when the Group has a right
and intention to set off current tax assets and liabilities from the same
taxation authority.

Changes in deferred tax assets or liabilities are recognised as a component of
tax income or expense in the statement of profit or loss, except where they
relate to items that are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly
in equity, in which case the related deferred tax is also recognised in other
comprehensive income or equity, respectively.

3.10. Employment benefits

Defined contribution plans

                                                                 Page 29 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


The Group pays fixed contributions into independent
entities in relation to several state plans and insurance
arrangements for individual employees. The Group has no legal or
constructive obligations to pay contributions in addition to its fixed
contributions, which are recognised as an expense in the period that relevant
employee services are received.

Short-term employee benefits

Short-term employee benefits, including annual leave entitlement, are
current liabilities included in employee benefits, measured at the
undiscounted amount that the Group expects to pay as a result of the unused
entitlement.

3.11. Impairment testing of other intangible assets, property, plant and
equipment

For impairment assessment purposes, assets are grouped at the lowest levels
for which there are largely independent cash inflows (cash-generating units).
As a result, some assets are tested individually for impairment and some are
tested at cash-generating unit level. All other individual assets or cash-
generating units are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.

An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s or cash-
generating unit's carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount, which is
the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value-in-use. Any reversal of an
impairment loss will be limited to what the carrying amount would have been,
net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment had taken place. To
determine the value-in-use, management estimates expected future cash
flows from each cash-generating unit and determines a suitable interest rate
in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. The data used for
impairment testing procedures are directly linked to the Group’s latest
approved budget, adjusted as necessary to exclude the effects of future
reorganisations and asset enhancements. Discount factors are determined
individually for each cash-generating unit and reflect management’s
assessment of respective risk profiles, such as market and asset-specific
risks factors.

Impairment losses for cash-generating units is charged pro rata to the other
assets in the cash-generating unit. All assets are subsequently reassessed for
indications that an impairment loss previously recognised may no longer exist.
An impairment charge is reversed if the cash-generating unit’s recoverable
amount exceeds its carrying amount.

3.12.     Financial instruments

A financial instrument is recognised when the Group becomes a party to the
contractual provisions of the instrument. Financial assets are derecognised

                                                                 Page 30 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


when the Group’s contractual rights to the cash flows from
the financial assets expire or when the Group transfers the
financial asset to another party without retaining control or substantially all
risks and rewards of the asset. Ordinary purchases and sales of financial
assets are accounted for at trade date, i.e. the date that the Group commits
itself to purchase or sell the asset. Financial liabilities are derecognised when
the Group’s obligations specified in the contract expire or are discharged or
cancelled.

Financial assets

Following NZ IFRS 9 treatment, the Group classifies its financial assets as
those to be measured at amortised cost (loans, trade receivables and lease
receivables), and those to be measured at fair value either through OCI or
through profit or loss.

Financial assets that are stated at amortised cost are reviewed individually at
balance date. In relation to the impairment of financial assets, NZ IFRS 9
requires an expected credit loss model (‘ECL’). The expected credit loss model
requires the Group to account for expected credit losses and changes in those
expected credit losses at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk
since initial recognition of the financial assets i.e. a credit event does not have
to have occurred before credit losses are recognised. The Group has adopted
the simplified method for its ECL calculations. Refer to Note 28.2 Credit Risk.

Non-derivative financial instruments

Non-derivative financial instruments comprise trade receivables, other
debtors, cash and cash equivalents and loans and borrowings, which are
initially recognised at fair value plus transaction costs and subsequently
measured at amortised cost.

Creditors and accruals are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently
measured at amortised cost.

Interest income and expense

Interest income and expenses are reported on an accrual basis using the
effective interest method.

3.13. Intangible assets
Recognition of intangible assets

Acquired intangible assets

Trademarks, global IP rights and rights acquired in a business combination
that qualify for separate recognition are initially recognised as intangible
assets at their fair values.


                                                                    Page 31 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


Subsequent measurement

Intangible assets not of an indefinite life are accounted for using the cost
model whereby capitalised costs are amortised on a straight-line basis over
their estimated useful lives, as these assets are considered finite. Residual
values and useful lives are reviewed at each reporting date. In addition, they
are subject to impairment testing as described in Note 3.11. As of 31 March
2022, the remaining useful life for Trademark is 6 years and the useful life for
Franchise System is 12 years.

Intangible assets (Global IP rights) of an indefinite life are tested for
impairment annually by comparing their carrying amount with their
recoverable amount. An estimate of an assets recoverable amount made in a
preceding period may be used in the impairment test for that asset in the
current period provided certain criteria are met.

When an intangible asset is disposed of, the gain or loss on disposal is
determined as the difference between the proceeds and the carrying amount
of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss within other income or other
expenses.

3.14. Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment (comprising fittings and furniture, plant and
equipment and motor vehicles) are initially recognised at acquisition cost or
manufacturing cost, including any costs directly attributable to bringing the
assets to the location and condition necessary for them to be capable of
operating in the manner intended by the Group’s management.

Property, plant and equipment are subsequently measured using the cost
model: cost less subsequent depreciation and impairment losses.

Depreciation is recognised on a straight-line basis to write down the cost less
estimated residual value of property, plant and equipment. The following
useful lives are applied:

•   Computer equipment: 2 - 5 years
•   Furniture and fittings: 3 - 12 years
•   Plant and equipment: 3 - 12 years
•   Motor vehicles: 5 - 8 years.

Material residual value estimates and estimates of useful life are updated as
required, but at least annually.

Gains or losses arising on the disposal of plant and equipment are determined
as the difference between the disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of
the assets and are recognised in the statement of profit or loss within other
income or other expenses.


                                                                 Page 32 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED




3.15.     Non-current assets (or disposal groups) held for sale and
    discontinued operations

Non-current assets (or disposal groups) are classified as held for sale if their
carrying amount will be recovered principally through a sale transaction rather
than through continuing use and a sale is considered highly probable. They
are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs
to sell, except for assets such as deferred tax assets, assets arising from
employee benefits, financial assets and investment property that are carried
at fair value and contractual rights under insurance contracts, which are
specifically exempt from this requirement.

An impairment loss is recognised for any initial or subsequent write-down of
the asset (or disposal group) to fair value less costs to sell. A gain is
recognised for any subsequent increases in fair value less costs to sell of an
asset (or disposal group), but not in excess of any cumulative impairment loss
previously recognised. A gain or loss not previously recognised by the date of
the sale of the non-current asset (or disposal group) is recognised at the date
of derecognition.

Non-current assets (including those that are part of a disposal group) are not
depreciated or amortised while they are classified as held for sale. Interest
and other expenses attributable to the liabilities of a disposal group classified
as held for sale continue to be recognised

Non-current assets classified as held for sale and the assets of a disposal
group classified as held for sale are presented separately from the other
assets in the balance sheet. The liabilities of a disposal group classified as
held for sale are presented separately from other liabilities in the balance
sheet.

A discontinued operation is a component of the entity that has been disposed
of or is classified as held for sale and that represents a separate major line
of business or geographical area of operations, is part of a single co-ordinated
plan to dispose of such a line of business or area of operations, or is a
subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale. The results of Group
operations are presented separately in the statement of profit or loss.

3.16.    Equity, reserves and dividend payments

Share capital represents the consideration received for shares that have been
issued. Any transaction costs associated with the issuing of shares are
deducted from share capital, net of any related income tax benefits.

Other components of equity include the following:



                                                                  Page 33 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


•   Foreign currency translation reserve – comprises
    foreign currency translation differences arising on the
    translation of consolidated financial statements of the Group's foreign
    entities into NZD (see Note 3.5),
•   Share based payment reserve,
•   Accumulated losses include all current and prior period results,
•   Non-controlling interests.

Dividend distributions payable to equity shareholders are included in other
liabilities when the dividends have been approved in a general meeting prior
to the reporting date.

All transactions with owners of the parent are recorded separately within
equity.

3.17. Significant management judgement in applying accounting policies and
      estimation uncertainty

When preparing the consolidated financial statements, management
undertakes a number of judgements, estimates and assumptions about the
recognition and measurement of assets, liabilities, income and expenses as
follows:

Intangible assets

Intangible assets are recognised on business combinations if they are
separable from the

acquired entity or give rise to other contractual/legal rights under IFRS3. The
amounts of intangibles are estimated by using appropriate valuation
techniques. The useful economic life of externally acquired intangible assets
are initially recognised at cost and subsequently amortised on a straight-line
basis over their useful economic lives. Please refer to note 31 for the
intangible assets recognised from the acquisition of Triple Two Coffee.

Contingent consideration

Any contingent consideration is measured at fair value at the date of
acquisition. If an obligation to pay contingent consideration that meets the
definition of a financial instrument is classified as equity, then it is not
remeasured and settlement is accounted for within equity. Otherwise, other
contingent consideration is remeasured at fair value at each reporting date
and subsequent changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration are
recognised in profit or loss.

The Group has measured its contingent consideration in relation to the earn-
out provision for Triple Two Coffee acquisition based on the budgeted EBITDA
for the calendar years from 2020 to 2022 as approved by the management.


                                                                Page 34 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


Please refer to Note 31 for the contingent consideration
recognised from the acquisition of Triple Two Coffee.

Impairment on Goodwill
The Group is required to test, at least on an annual basis, whether goodwill
has suffered any impairment. Impairment loss incurred when the carrying
amount of the goodwill more than its recoverable amount. The Group has
determined the recoverable amount based on its value in use, being the
budgeted cashflow at the Cash Generating Unit (CGU) level. The Group has
determined the Goodwill at the CGU level, being the Triple Two Coffee Group
as this is the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows
that are largely independent of the IP rights of the franchise system of Triple
Two Coffee. Please refer to Note 15 for further disclosure of the impairment
on Goodwill.

Going concern

The considered view of the Board of Directors of the Company is that, after making
enquiries, we have a reasonable expectation that Cooks Coffee Company Limited
(the Company) and Group have access to adequate resources to continue operations
for the foreseeable future. For this reason, the Board of Directors considers the
adoption of the going concern assumption in preparing the consolidated financial
statements for the FY22 to be appropriate. (See Note 4).

Deferred Costs

The Group estimates the amount of direct labour costs pertaining to pre-
opened franchises and in accordance with IFRS 15.

Leases

Extension and termination options

Extension and termination options are included in a number of leases
across the Group. These terms are used to maximise operational flexibility
in terms of managing contracts. The majority of extension and termination
options held are exercisable only by the Group and not by the respective
lessor.

Critical judgements in determining the lease term

In determining the lease term, management considers all facts and
circumstances that create an economic incentive to exercise an extension
option, or not exercise a termination option. Extension options (or periods
after termination options) are only included in the lease term if the lease is
reasonably certain to be extended (or not terminated).

The assessment is reviewed if a significant event or a significant change in
circumstances occurs which affects this assessment and that is within the
control of the lessee.

                                                                   Page 35 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


Incremental borrowing rates

Lease liabilities are measured by discounting the lease payments using the
interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily determined,
which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee’s incremental
borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the individual lessee would have
to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to
the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms,
security and conditions.

To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

•   Uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate,
    adjusted for the credit risk spread of the lessee. The credit risk spread is
    determined by reference to recent third-party financing received by the
    individual lessee, or indicative quotes obtained from the lessee’s primary
    lender.
•   Make adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, security, country and
    currency.

Impairment testing of intangible assets

In assessing impairment, management estimates the recoverable amount of
each asset or cash-generating unit based on various valuation models as
deemed appropriate. Estimation uncertainty relates to assumptions and
judgements used as disclosed in Note 15.

Carrying value of receivables

The allowance for expected credit losses assessment requires a degree of
estimation and judgement. It is based on the lifetime expected credit loss,
grouped based on days overdue and makes assumptions to allocate an overall
expected credit loss rate for each group. In making this judgement, the Group
evaluates amongst other factors whether there is objective evidence of
significant financial difficulty of individual customers or customer groups,
whether there has been breach of contract such as default in payment terms,
whether it has become probable that the customer or other party will enter
into bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation, the disappearance of an
active market for that customer because of financial difficulties, and national
or local economic conditions that could impact on the customer (see Notes
11 and 28.2). Apart from historical collection rates, the Group also evaluates
forward-looking information that is available. The allowance for expected
credit losses, as disclosed in Note 28.2, is calculated based on the information
available at the time of preparation. The actual credit losses in future years
may be higher or lower.

Recognition of deferred tax assets



                                                                 Page 36 of 82
  COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


  The extent to which deferred tax assets can be recognised
  is based on an assessment of the probability of the Group’s
  future taxable income against which the deferred tax assets can be utilised.
  In addition, significant judgement is required in assessing the impact of any
  legal or economic limits or uncertainties in various tax jurisdictions (See Note
  9).

4. Going Concern

  The Group reported a loss for continuing operations of $90,000 (2021: loss
  $2,539,000) and operating net cash inflows/(outflows) of ($632,000) (2021:
  inflows of $36,000) for the FY22.

  As at 31 March 2022 the Group has reported Net Assets of $2,398,000 (2021
  Net Liabilities of $1,721,000) and current liabilities exceed current assets by an
  amount of $6,253,000 (2021: $14,231,000).

  Included in current liabilities is $1,119,000 of Deferred Revenue. The deferred
  revenue is a non-cash item and will be recognised in revenue as the Group’s
  franchisees open stores or when the services are provided.

  The ability of the Group to pay its debts as they fall due and to realise their
  assets and extinguish their liabilities in the normal course of business at the
  amounts stated in the consolidated financial statements and to continue
  trading has been considered by the Directors in the adoption of the going
  concern assumption during the preparation of these financial statements.

  The Directors forecast that the Group can manage its cash flow requirements
  at levels appropriate to meet its cash commitments for the foreseeable future
  being a period of at least 12 months from the date of authorisation of these
  consolidated financial statements. In reaching this conclusion, the Directors
  have considered the achievability of the plans and assumptions underlying
  those forecasts. The key assumptions include:

  •   Opening multiple new stores in the United Kingdom in FY23, with two sites
      already opened in the first quarter;
  •   Increased economic activity and a shift back into pre-COVID levels of
      revenue within stores;
  •   The Group has a Cash position of $1,156,000 as at 31 March 2022.
  •   Budget for the FY23 projects a positive cash inflow of $1,581,000.
  •   An allowance for the payment of related party loans as well as institutional
      debt.
  •   The Group’s ability to successfully conclude present discussions regarding
      the roll-over of existing debt as well as continued capital raises. These
      have been negotiated and finalised prior to 31 March 2022.
  •   The Group’s ability to raise debt or equity funds as part of an overall
      strategy to re-gear the balance sheet as part of an overall restructuring
      plan.


                                                                     Page 37 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


•   The ability of related parties of Keith Jackson to
    continue to provide funding as required, and market
    conditions which the Group operates in, including impacts of Covid-19.


The Directors have reasonable expectation that the Group has sufficient
headroom in its cash resources and shareholder support to allow the Group
to continue to operate for the foreseeable future or alternatively it can manage
its working capital requirements to create additional required headroom.

Any significant departure from the above assumptions may create a material
uncertainty over the ability to continue as a going concern for the foreseeable
future.

Whilst the Directors acknowledge that there are capital raising, credit,
exchange and liquidity risks in the global economic market in which the Group
operates, they are confident that additional capital or funding will be sourced
by the Group. In particular, the Directors received a confirmation from related
parties of Keith Jackson, that they will continue to financially support the
Group for the foreseeable future. They note the Group has a track record of
obtaining financial support from cornerstone investors and related parties
and, where necessary, negotiating the deferment of debt repayments.

The Directors are also confident that operating cash flows will continue to
improve because of the recovery from the various government-imposed
restrictions related to Covid-19, restructuring activities that have been
undertaken along with reductions in corporate office costs, and the acquisition
of Triple Two in the United Kingdom, to reduce the extent of cash outflow and
improve profitability.

The Directors continue to consider other opportunities to further improve the
Group’s cash position which include discussing collaborations with partners
overseas, negotiations with potential strategic equity partners, investigating
new facility lines, ongoing discussions in the UK and Ireland relating to
potential acquisitions, rationalising the business wherever possible to
concentrate on core business activity and greater focus on improving existing
core business activities.

After considering all available information, the Directors have concluded that
there are reasonable grounds to believe that the forecasts and plans are
achievable, the Group will be able to pay its debts as and when they become
due and payable, there is sufficient headroom in available cash resources, and
the basis of preparation of the financial report on a going concern basis is
appropriate.

Should the Group be unable to continue as a going concern it may be required
to realise its assets and discharge its liabilities other than in the normal course
of business and at amounts different to those stated in the consolidated
financial statements. The consolidated financial statements do not include

                                                                    Page 38 of 82
  COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


  any adjustments relating to the recoverability and
  classification of asset carrying amounts or the amount of
  liabilities that might result should the Group be unable to continue as a going
  concern and meets its debts as and when they fall due

5. Revenue

  The Group’s revenue is analysed as follows for each major category:

                                           Continuing Operations   Discontinued Operations
                                            31-Mar       31-Mar         31-Mar     31-Mar
                                              2022          2021          2022        2021
                                              $'000        $'000          $'000      $'000

   Royalties                                 2,386           736          (14)           1
   Incentives from Suppliers                   886           489             -           -
   Franchise fees                            3,022           307             -           -
   Sale of Beverage                            328            32          377          278
   Other trading revenue                       749           150          257          735
   Group revenue                             7,372         1,714          620        1,014


  Franchise fees

  Included in franchise fees is the amortisation of deferred revenue related to
  the sale of country and regional franchises and store franchises. During
  FY22, the Group’s franchisees opened 16 new stores (2021:26).

  Grant income

  In FY22, there was grant and other income of $449,000 (FY21: $1,013,000)
  which included COVID-19 wage subsidies from the governments of United
  Kingdom, Ireland and New Zealand.

6. Employee costs

  Expenses recognised for employee costs are analysed below:

                                           Continuing Operations   Discontinued Operations
                                           31-Mar        31-Mar        31-Mar      31-Mar
                                             2022          2021          2022        2021
                                             $'000         $'000        $'000        $'000

   Wages, salaries                           2,156         2,007          306         371
   Defined contribution funds                   44            45            3           4
   Other staff costs                           301           208           10          22
                                             2,502         2,260          319         397


7. Other expenses

  Expenses recognised as other costs are analysed below:



                                                                      Page 39 of 82
  COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED



                                           Continuing Operations    Discontinued Operations
                                           31-Mar        31-Mar         31-Mar      31-Mar
                                             2022          2021           2022        2021
                                             $'000         $'000         $'000        $'000

   Administration and other costs              858           354           313         506
   Directors fees                               92            80             -           -
   Selling and distribution costs               25             -             -           -
   Management fees                             180           100             -           -
   Marketing costs                             456           299             4           -
   Professional and consulting services        386           539            13          73
   Travel costs                                422           188             -           -
                                             2,419         1,560           329         579



8. Finance costs

  Finance costs for the reporting periods consist of the following:


                                          Continuing Operations    Discontinued Operations
                                           31-Mar       31-Mar          31-Mar     31-Mar
                                             2022          2021           2022        2021
                                             $'000        $'000           $'000      $'000

   Finance charges                             29            15             3            1
   Interest expense on leases               1,183         1,250            35            -
   Interest on loans                          814           774             -            -
                                            2,026         2,039            38            1




9. Income Tax and Deferred Tax

  The major components of tax expense and the reconciliation of the expected
  tax expense /credit based on the domestic effective tax rate of Cooks Coffee
  Company Limited at 28% and the reported tax expense/credit in profit or loss
  are as follows:




                                                                      Page 40 of 82
  COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED



                                                                      31-Mar     31-Mar
                                                                        2022       2021
                                                                       $'000      $'000

   Profit/(Loss) before tax from continuing operations                  (200)    (2,618)
   Loss before tax from discontinuing operations                        (348)        (7)
                                                                        (548)    (2,625)

   Domestic tax rate for Cooks Global Foods Limited                      28%        28%
   Expected tax expense (income)                                        (153)      (735)

   Adjustment for tax-rate differences in foreign
   jurisdictions                                                         (61)       183
   Adjustment for non-deductible expenses:
   Relating to amortisation of intangible assets                           -           2
   Other non-deductible expenses                                         218           9
   Actual tax expense (income)                                             4       (541)

   Tax expense (income) comprises:

   Current tax expense (income)                                          (25)      (541)
   Deferred tax expense (income):
   - Origination and reversal of temporary differences                   (14)        (7)
   - Temporary difference relating to amortisation of intellectual
                                                                        (129)       (80)
   property on acquisition
   - Tax losses adjustment to prior period                                 75      (355)
   - Tax Losses not recognised                                            107        927
   - Unrecognised Tax Losses                                            (124)       (24)
   Income tax expense (income)                                          (110)       (80)

   Income tax expense (income) is attributable to:
   Loss from continuing operations                                      (110)       (80)
   Loss from discontinued operations                                        -          -
                                                                        (110)       (80)

The Group has computed tax losses within each jurisdiction since acquisition as
follows:

                                                                     31-Mar     31-Mar
                                                                       2022       2021
                                                                       $'000      $'000

   New Zealand                                                        8,852      8,746
   United Kingdom                                                     8,986      9,911
   Ireland                                                              949      1,130
   Canada                                                               163        162
   Australia                                                            328        328
                                                                     19,278     20,276



  At 31 March 2022, the Group has deferred tax liabilities relating to acquired
  Franchise System in the UK amounting to $1.14m (FY2021: $1.30m). The
                                                                          Page 41 of 82
  COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


  deferred tax liabilities are not expected to crystallise
  within the next 12 months.

10. Cash and cash equivalents

   Cash and cash equivalents consist of the following:


                                                               31-Mar     31-Mar
                                                                 2022       2021
                                                                 $'000      $'000
   Cash at bank and in hand denominated in:
   NZD                                                            222          1
   EUR                                                            101         85
   GBP                                                            833        800
   Cash and cash equivalents                                    1,156        886



  There are no restrictions on the cash and cash equivalents.

  The Group had no overdraft banking facilities as at 31 March 2022 (2021: $NIL).

11. Trade and other receivables and other current assets

  Trade and other receivables are initially recognised at the fair value of the
  amounts to be received, plus transaction costs (if any).

  The Group has recognised expected credit losses in the Statement of Profit
  or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income by applying the simplified
  impairment approach, whereby upon initial measurement of the trade
  receivables, the Group considers all credit losses that are expected to occur
  during the lifetime of the receivable. The Group has reviewed the historical
  ageing analysis of gross trade receivables and considered forward looking
  macro-economic factors, by geographic region, to determine the expected
  credit loss rate. This rate is applied to outstanding gross trade receivables as
  at 31 March 2022 to calculate the allowance for expected credit losses.

   (a) Trade and other receivables consist of the following:




                                                                    Page 42 of 82
  COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED



                                                                31-Mar       31-Mar
                                                                  2022         2021
                                                                 $'000        $'000
   Trade and other receivables
   Trade receivables                                             1,622        4,766
   Less: provision for expected credit losses                    (378)        (151)
   Net trade and other receivables                               1,244        4,615

   Movements in provision
   Opening Balance                                                (151)        (103)
   Bad Debts write-off                                                -           25
   Additional provision for expected credit losses                (227)         (73)
   Closing Balance                                                (378)        (151)

  (b) As at 31 March the ageing of trade receivables is as follows:

                                                                31-Mar       31-Mar
                                                                  2022         2021
                                                                  $'000        $'000
   Trade receivables
   Current                                                          53          702
   31 to 60 days                                                   103          763
   61 to 90 days                                                   221          454
   > 90 days                                                     1,244        2,847
                                                                 1,622        4,766

  (c) Other current assets consist of the following:

                                                                31-Mar       31-Mar
                                                                  2022         2021
                                                                  $'000        $'000
   Prepayments                                                      304          112
   Deferred Costs                                                   254       1,131
   Other short-term assets                                           30           31
   Other current assets                                             588       1,274

  Deferred Costs represent project costs capitalised against revenue that has
  not yet been earned by Triple Two Coffee. Please refer to Note 12.

12. Deferred Costs

  Triple Two under their contract of service with their franchisees have staff
  working on specific projects and contracts to expand their brand through
  these franchisees. The performance obligation (under IFRS 15) is attributed
  to the opening of a store and/or specific obligations if shopfit income is not
  stipulated. The deferred costs are from the specific staff who work to
  complete these performance obligations or contribute their time to the
  specific contracts.



                                                                      Page 43 of 82
   COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


   Under this methodology, wage costs of personnel directly
   related to the services (and for valuation purposes their
   salary) and direct costs has been capitalised in line with store openings and
   contracts entered in to with various franchisees and has been recorded as
   deferred costs in the Balance Sheet. This includes staff and project
   management, property design and training.

13. Assets and liabilities classified as held-for-sale and discontinued
    operations

   The Group had previously classified certain operations as discontinued. During
   FY22, the Group has sold the Lancaster store. The Group has one store
   classified as discontinued operating at Sunderland. It is expected that this
   will be sold during FY23 with negotiations under way to discharge the lease
   over the current site.

   13.1. Financial performance and cash flow information of discontinued
         operations

   The financial performance and cash flow information presented are for the
   year ended FY22 and FY21.

                                                                31-Mar     31-Mar
                                                                  2022       2021
                                                                  $'000      $'000

   Results of discontinued operation
   Revenue                                                          620        732
   Other income                                                        -       380
   Raw materials and consumables used                             (183)      (145)
   Depreciation and amortisation                                  (100)           -
   Property related costs                                              -          -
   Net foreign exchange (losses)/gains                                 -          4
   Employee costs                                                 (319)      (397)
   Other expenses                                                 (329)      (579)
   Operating loss                                                 (311)         (6)
   Finance costs                                                     (3)        (1)
   Interest on bank and other borrowings                           (34)           -
   Loss before income tax                                         (348)         (7)
   Income tax (expense)/credit                                         -          -
   Loss for the year from discontinued operation                  (348)         (7)

   Cash flows used in discontinued operation
   Net cash used in operating activities                          (138)       158
   Net cash used in investing activities                              -         -
   Net cash used in financing activities                              -         -
   Net cash flows for the year                                    (138)       158

 14. Interests in other entities
   14.1. Interests in material subsidiaries



                                                                    Page 44 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED



                                          Country    % Holding      Principal activity
                                                    2022       2021
 Bishops Café Limited                     England    100        100 Food and beverage
 Esquires Coffee UK Limited               England    100        100 Food and beverage
 Esquires Real Estate (UK) Limited        England    100        100 Store Lease Holding
 Esquires Coffee Houses Ireland Limited   Ireland    100        100 Food and beverage
 Esquires Coffee Houses Europe Limited    Ireland    100        100 Master Franchisor - Holding Master Franchise Agreement
 Triple Two Holdings Limited              UK         100        100 Holding Company
 Triple Two Coffee Franchise Limited      UK         100        100 Master Franchisor - Holding Master Franchise Agreement
 TTC Contractors Limited                  UK         100        100 Fit Out and Construction
 Triple Two Coffee London Limited         UK         100        100 Store Lease Holding
 Triple Two Coffee Property Limited       UK         100        100 Store Lease Holding


15. Intangible Assets

The Group acquired trademarks, Global Intellectual Property rights (“Global
IP Rights”) and Goodwill through business acquisitions. During FY21 the Group
acquired Triple Two Franchise System in the UK. Please refer to Note 31.


                                                                                             Franchise
                                                    Trademarks Global IP Rights                 Rights               Total
                                                          $'000           $'000                  $'000               $'000
Cost
Balance at 1 April 2020                                        92              3,245                  -              3,337
Additions                                                       1                  -              4,950              4,951
Balance at 31 March 2021                                       93              3,245              4,950              8,288

Additions                                                       -                  -                 91                 91
Balance at 31 March 2022                                       93              3,245              5,041              8,379

Accumulated amortisation
Balance at 1 April 2020                                      (63)              (434)                  -               (497)
Amortisation charge for the year                             (10)                  -              (286)               (296)
Balance at 31 March 2021                                     (73)              (434)              (286)               (793)

Amortisation charge for the year                                -                  -              (324)               (324)
Balance at 31 March 2022                                     (73)              (434)              (610)             (1,117)

Carrying amounts
At 31 March 2021                                               20              2,811              4,664              7,495
At 31 March 2022                                               20              2,811              4,431              7,262


Management assessed the recoverable amounts of the Group’s Global IP
Rights asset using ‘value in use’ calculations to assess for any impairment.

Global IP rights were tested for impairment using discounted cash flow
projections based on management approved forecasts for a 2-year period.

Key assumptions in the models were:

     •    FY23 reflects the full recovery to pre-Covid levels in UK and Ireland
          markets with the key assumption being that there will be no more long-
          term lockdowns that will impact on the ability of the franchise store
          network to operate in a normal manner. Store openings contribute to

                                                                                                Page 45 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


       one-off income and royalties and marketing fees
       based off existing and new stores (17 new stores in
       United Kingdom and 8 in Ireland);
   •   FY24 year on year revenue growth that relates to FY23 being a full year
       of “normal trading” in core markets and the benefits of the new store
       acquisition program (16 new stores in United Kingdom and 3 in Ireland);
   •   Long term growth rate of 1.5% per annum from FY23 onwards;
   •   exchange rates of 0.58 (NZD/EURO) and 0.51 (NZD/GBP); and
   •   a discount rate of 13.26% per annum.

The recoverable amount for Global IP rights was assessed by management to
be above its existing carrying value with no impairment required.
Management’s assessment is that a change in a key assumption would not
impact the carrying value to exceed the recoverable amount.

Goodwill:

                                                   Goodwill
                                                     $'000
Cost
Balance at 1 April 2020                                   -
Additions                                            11,569
Balance at 31 March 2021                             11,569

Impairment                                          (5,983)
FX Translation Adjustment                             (129)
Balance at 31 March 2022                              5,457

Carrying amounts
At 31 March 2021                                     11,569
At 31 March 2022                                      5,457

The Group recorded Goodwill in the business combination of Triple Two
Coffee on 19 June 2020. Refer to Note 31. The Group is required to test, on an
annual basis, whether goodwill has suffered any impairment.

The carrying amount of Goodwill is allocated to Triple Two Coffee as the
separate cash generated unit (CGU). Recoverable amount is determined based
on the “value in use” calculations for Triple Two Coffee. The use of this
method requires the estimation of future cash flows for projected three years
and the determination of a discount rate in order to calculate the present
value of the cash flows.

The key assumptions in the models were:

   •   12 new franchisee stores opened per year and additional vans;
   •   FY23 reflects the recovery to pre-Covid levels in UK with the key
       assumption being 11 franchisees and 2 vans sold. Royalties thereon
       provide a level of recurring revenue;
   •   FY24 reflects the key assumption of 12 franchisees and 2 vans sold;

                                                                Page 46 of 82
      COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


           •    FY25 again reflects the key assumption of 12
                franchisees and 2 vans sold;
           •    Long term growth rate of 2.5% per annum from FY23 onwards;
           •    Exchange rates of 0.53 (NZD/GBP); and
           •    A post-tax discount rate of 14.00% per annum.

      The recoverable amount for Goodwill ($5.9m) was assessed by management
      to be lower than its existing carrying value. This is a reduction in forecasts
      provided in FY21 due to a material debtor pulling out of franchise deals. This
      has significantly adjusted forecasts.

16.     Property, plant and equipment

                                                               Furniture &       Plant &    Computer
                                                                   Fittings   Equipment    Equipment Motor Vehicles   Total
                                                                      $'000        $'000        $'000         $'000   $'000
      Cost
      Balance at 1 April 2020                                          156           187          316            -      659
      Additions                                                          7            36           47           14      104
      Disposals                                                      (126)         (198)        (322)            -    (646)
      Assets classified as held for sale and other disposals          (29)             -            -            -     (29)
      Balance at 31 March 2021                                           8            26           40           14       88


      Balance at 1 April 2021                                             8           26          40            14        88
      Additions                                                          19            -          63            39      121
      Disposals                                                        (15)         (36)           -            (6)     (58)
      Assets classified as held for sale                                  -            -           -              -        -
      Balance at 31 March 2022                                           11         (10)         103            47      151


      Accumulated depreciation
      Balance at 1 April 2020                                        (138)         (112)        (264)             -   (514)
      Depreciation                                                    (25)          (22)         (33)           (1)    (81)
      Disposals                                                        573            11            -             -     584
      Assets classified as held for sale                                 -             -            -             -       -
      Balance at 31 March 2021                                         410         (123)        (297)           (1)    (10)

      Balance at 1 April 2021                                          410         (123)        (297)           (1)     (10)
      Depreciation                                                      (3)          (5)         (18)          (10)     (36)
      Disposals                                                         11            28            7             -      46
      Balance at 31 March 2022                                         418         (101)        (308)          (11)      (1)

      Carrying amounts
      At 31 March 2021                                                 418          (97)        (256)           13       77
      At 31 March 2022                                                 430         (111)        (205)           36      150


17. Trade and other payables

      Trade and other payables recognised are all short-term and consist of the
      following:




                                                                                                        Page 47 of 82
  COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED



                                                                   31-Mar     31-Mar
                                                                     2022       2021
   Trade and other payables                                         $'000      $'000

   - Trade payables                                                  2,323     3,042
   - Related party payables                                            723       556
   - Other payables                                                  1,473     1,803
                                                                     4,518     5,401

   Trade payables
   Within Terms                                                        496       638
   Overdue                                                           1,827     2,404
                                                                     2,323     3,042

  The carrying value of trade and other payables classified as financial liabilities
  measured at amortised cost approximates fair value. Refer to Note 28.1 on foreign
  currency risk.

18. Deferred revenue

      Below is the breakdown of the current and non-current deferred revenue
      as presented in the Balance Sheet.

                                                                    Global
                                                UK & Ireland
                                                             Franchising &        Total
                                                 Franchising
                                                                   Design
                                                       $'000         $'000        $'000

       Opening balance as of 1 April 2020             1,116           287         1,403
       Additions/(Decreases) during the year          4,220              -        4,220
       Additions from business acquisition            1,749              -        1,749
       Recognised as revenue during the year          (357)           (59)        (416)
       Closing balance as of 31 March 2021            6,728           228         6,956

       - Current                                      5,138            58         5,196
       - Non Current                                  1,590           170         1,760

                                                UK & Ireland        Global
                                                                                  Total
                                                 Franchising Franchising &
                                                       $'000         $'000        $'000

       Opening balance as of 1 April 2021              6,728          228          6,956
       Additions/(Decreases) during the year         (1,066)             -       (1,066)
       Recognised as revenue during the year         (3,240)          (58)       (3,298)
       Closing balance as of 31 March 2022             2,422          170          2,592

       - Current                                      1,061            58         1,119
       - Non Current                                  1,360           112         1,473




                                                                       Page 48 of 82
   COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


   As part of the revenue recognition policy of inactive
   stores (refer note 3.7), $779,000 was recognised in the
   profit and loss during the year. $2,422,000 remains outstanding as currently
   unsatisfied performance obligations.

19. Borrowings and other liabilities
                                                      Current Non-Current         Current Non-Current
                                                        2022        2022            2021        2021
                                                        $'000       $'000           $'000       $'000

      Finance Loans                                     2,018         467           2,629         458
      Related Party Loans*                                875       1,053             880       2,888
      Hire Purchase                                         3           -               -          10
      Payable for acquistion of subsidary*                562           -             642           -
                                                        3,458       1,520           4,151       3,356
      * Further information relating to related party loans and other related
      party liabilities are set out in Note 24.

      During the year $2,000,000 (Nikau Trust) and $45,000 (Weihai Station) of
      related party debt was converted to share capital.

   Fair value
   The fair value of current borrowings approximates to the carrying amount and
   the impact of discounting is not significant.

20. Equity
   20.1.       Share Capital

   The share capital of Cooks Coffee Company Limited consists of issued
   ordinary shares. All shares are equally eligible to receive dividends and the
   repayment of capital. The shares have no par value.

   Movements of share capital                                         31-Mar-22     31-Mar-21
   Number of Shares issued:                                       No. of Shares No. of Shares
   Ordinary shares opening balance                                  627,833,831 525,979,949
   Ordinary shares issued                                           103,317,794 101,853,882
   Ordinary shares consolidation                                  (678,092,130)             -
   Total ordinary shares authorised at 31 March                      53,059,495 627,833,831

   Movements of share capital                                         31-Mar-22       31-Mar-21
   Value of Shares issued:                                                $'000           $'000
   Ordinary shares opening balance                                       52,220          45,549
   Ordinary shares issued less share issue expenses                       3,799           6,671
   Total ordinary shares authorised at period end                        56,019          52,220

   During the year ended FY22, the company issued 103,317,794 new shares
   (2021: 101,853,883) bringing the total issued shares to 775,890,965 which were
   consolidated into 15:1 as at 30 March 2022. The company now has 51,726,160


                                                                                    Page 49 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


quoted shares and 1,333,333 non-voting shares on issues.
There were no shares cancelled during FY22 (FY21: Nil).

During the year, Esquires UK purchased the shares from the existing Triple
Two Coffee Group shareholders for $879,000.

20.2.     Loss per share

The calculation of basic and diluted loss per share for the year ended FY22
was based on the weighted average number of ordinary shares on issue. The
calculation of diluted earnings per share for the year ended FY22 was based
on the weighted average number of ordinary shares.

The weighted average numbers of shares are calculated below:

                                                         31-Mar-22      31-Mar-21

Weighted average ordinary shares issued                 631,060,729    602,412,181
Weighted average potentially dilutive options issued              -              -
Basic and diluted loss per share (New Zealand Cents)
                                                              (0.07)        (0.42)
from continuing and discontinued operations:
Basic and diluted loss per share (New Zealand Cents)
                                                              (0.01)        (0.42)
from continuing operations:
Basic and diluted loss per share (New Zealand Cents)
                                                              (0.06)             -
from discontinued operations:
Net tangible assets per share (New Zealand Cents)             (1.64)        (3.45)

Weighted average number of shares                          31-Mar-22     31-Mar-21
Number of Shares issued:                               No. of Shares No. of Shares
Ordinary shares opening balance                         602,412,181 489,509,248
Ordinary shares issued                                    28,648,549 112,902,933
Ordinary shares bought back on-market and cancelled                -             -
Total ordinary shares authorised at 31 March            631,060,729 602,412,181

Due to the share consolidation, a retrospective adjustment to the loss per
share is outlined below based on the ordinary shares at 31 March 2022 being
53,059,495.

                                                          31-Mar-22      31-Mar-21

Ordinary shares issued                                   53,059,495     41,855,589
Basic and diluted loss per share (New Zealand Cents)
                                                              (0.01)         (0.06)
from continuing and discontinued operations:
Basic and diluted loss per share (New Zealand Cents)
                                                              (0.00)         (0.06)
from continuing operations:
Basic and diluted loss per share (New Zealand Cents)
                                                              (0.01)         (0.00)
from discontinued operations:
Net tangible assets per share (New Zealand Cents)             (0.20)         (0.50)

20.3.     Share based payment reserve


                                                                       Page 50 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED




      Movement in Share based payment
      reserve

                                                                 31-Mar    31-Mar
                                                                   2022      2021
                                                                  $’000     $’000
      Esquires Coffee Ireland Limited share-based payment
      Opening balance                                              2,401    2,401
      Amount expensed during current vesting period                    -         -
      Adjustment based on best available estimate                      -         -
      Closing balance                                              2,401    2,401




        •   The Earn-Out relating to the acquisition of the Irish business
            (Esquires Coffee Houses Ireland) in 2013 was fully vested at 31
            March 2021.
        •   No earn-out payment has been made as at 31 March 2022.
        •   The earn-out payment will be settled by the issue of Cooks shares.

20.4.       Shares held by ESOP / Treasury shares

There were 3,388,837 shares held on trust at 31 March 2022 (562,486 at 31
March 2021).

The shares held by the ESOP are expected to be issued under share option
contracts. The shares are held for the intention of share conversions to be
executed in FY23.

Consideration paid/received for the purchase/sale of treasury shares is
recognised directly in equity.

21.         Leases

The Group leases stores and office premises from various third-party
landlords and subsequently re-lease them to the franchisees under
separate lease contracts. This lease arrangement is limited to the
franchises in the UK and Ireland only. Lease contracts are typically made
for fixed periods of 5 to 15 years but may have extension options. Lease
terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of
different terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any
covenants, but leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing
purposes.

Right-of-Use Assets



                                                                 Page 51 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, and
subsequently at cost less any accumulated depreciation
and impairment losses and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the
lease liability.

Costs included in the measurement of the right-of-use asset comprise the
following:

• the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability;
• any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any
  lease incentives received;
• any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee; and
• an estimate of the restoration costs to be incurred by the lessee,
  recognised and measured applying NZ IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent
  Liabilities and Contingent Assets.

Depreciation is charged so as to write off the cost of assets, over the lease
term using the straight-line method.

Lease Liabilities

The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the future
lease payments over the lease term that are not paid at the
commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the
lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the lessee's incremental
borrowing rate, being the rate that the lessee would have to pay to borrow
over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to
obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar
economic environment.

Generally, the Group uses the lessee's incremental borrowing rate as the
discount rate.
Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability
comprise the following:

• fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease
  incentives receivable;
• variable lease payment that are based on an index or a discount rate;
• amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value
  guarantees;
• the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain
  to exercise that option; and
• payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects
  the lessee exercising that option.

The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the
lease. If that rate cannot be determined, the lessee’s incremental borrowing
rate is used, being the rate that the lessee would have to pay to borrow the


                                                                Page 52 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value in a
similar economic environment with similar terms and
conditions.

The lease liability is subsequently increased by the interest cost on the
lease liability and decreased by lease payments made. It is remeasured
when there is a change in future lease payments arising from:

• A change in an index or a discount rate;
• A change in the estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a
  residual value guarantee;
• Changes in the assessment of whether a purchase or extension option is
  reasonably certain to be exercised or a termination option is reasonably
  certain not to be exercised; or
• A lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease.

The Group has applied judgement to determine the lease term for some
lease contracts in which it is a lessee that include renewal options. The
assessment of whether the Group is reasonably certain to exercise such
options impacts the lease term, which significantly affects the amount of
lease liabilities and right-of-use assets recognised.

As a result of the Covid-19 pandemic, the International Accounting
Standards Board (IASB) has introduced a narrow -scope amendments to
IFRS16 to offer relief to lessees in accounting for lease modifications that
arise as a direct result of Covid-19. The practical expedient applies only to
rent concessions occurring as a direct consequence of the Covid-19
pandemic and only if all of the following conditions are met:

a. The change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the
   lease that is substantially the same as, or less than, the consideration
   for the lease immediately preceding the change.
b. Any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on
   or before 30 June 2022.
c. There is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the
   lease.

The Group has elected to utilise the practical expedient for all rent
concessions that arises as a direct consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Finance Lease Receivables
Where the sublease is classified as a finance lease, the Group recognises
the assets held under a finance lease in its statement of financial position
and present them as a finance lease receivable at an amount equal to the
net investment in the lease.
The net investment in the lease is initially measured at the present value of
the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date,
discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease, or in the case of a
sublease, if the interest rate implicit in the sublease cannot be readily

                                                                Page 53 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


 determined, the discount rate used for the head lease
 (adjusted for any initial direct costs associated with the
 sublease).

 Lease payments included in the measurement of net investment comprise
 the following:

•   fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease
    incentives payable;

• variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate;
• any residual value guarantees provided to the lessor;
• the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain
  to exercise that option; and
• payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects
  the lessee exercising that option.

 The finance lease receivable is subsequently increased by the interest
 income on the finance lease receivable and decreased by lease payment
 received. It is remeasured when there is a lease modification that is not
 accounted for as a separate lease.

21.1. Amounts recognised in the Statement of Financial Position

 The Statement of Financial Position shows the following amounts relating to
 leases:

 Right-of-use assets

                                                 31-Mar    31-Mar
                                                   2022      2021
                                                  $'000     $'000
 Property
 Cost                                             1,663       2,973
 Less: Accumulated depreciation                   (948)       (505)
 Net book value as at 1 April                       715       2,468

 Additions                                        1,321         18
 Remeasurement of lease liability                     -      (297)
 Movement in FX                                       3         54
 Depreciation expense                             (221)      (442)
 Disposal                                         (176)    (1,086)
 Net book value as at 31 March                    1,642        715

 Cost                                              2,811      1,663
 Less: Accumulated depreciation                  (1,169)      (948)
 Net book value as at 31 March                     1,642        715

 The right-of-use assets relate to the three corporate-operated stores
 which are expected to be franchised in the UK. In prior year the right-of-

                                                                      Page 54 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


 use assets also included the corporate office however
 this was vacated during FY21 and the lease was taken
 over by an unrelated third party.

 Lease liabilities

                                       31-Mar    31-Mar
                                         2022       2021

                                         $'000     $'000

 Current                                 2,920     1,941
 Non-current                            18,226    17,138
                                        21,146    19,079

 The finance lease payable to the landlords that are fall due at the end of
 reporting period are $2.2m which is the same as the finance lease receivables
 and are recorded in the payable (refer Note 17).

 Finance lease receivables

                                       31-Mar    31-Mar
                                         2022      2021
                                         $'000     $'000

 Current                                2,755     2,085
 Non-current                           16,488    16,198
                                       19,243    18,283

 The average effective Incremental Borrowing Rate in FY22 is 5.7% per annum
 (2021: 5.8% per annum)



 The finance lease receivables that fall due at the end of the reporting period
 are $1.8m which are recorded in receivables. Management has reviewed all
 the leases from lease receivable from a collectability point of view and no
 impairment is required.

 During FY22 there were lease modifications on sites in Bradford, Windsor and
 Shepherds Bush, United Kingdom. The lease in Harlow, United Kingdom was
 surrendered. There were also rent concessions on sub-leased properties
 which was passed through by both landlord and tenant. The Covid-19
 practical expedient for rent concessions was $131,247 in FY22.

 During FY21 the rent written off by utilising the Covid-19 practical expedient
 for rent concessions was $219,000. The rent relief was due to challenges
 faced by the tenants due to Covid19 lockdown.

21.2. Amounts recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
     and Other Comprehensive Income

                                                                 Page 55 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


 The Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other
 Comprehensive Income shows the following amounts
 relating to leases:

                                               31-Mar    31-Mar
                                                 2022      2021
                                                 $'000    $'000

 As a lessee:
 Interest expense on lease liabilities          1,183       1,250

 Depreciation expense on right-of-use
 assets (included in depreciation and
 amortisation)                                    212        443

 Expense relating to leases of low-value
 assets that are not shown above as short-
 term leases (included in administrative and
 other costs)                                        -          -


 Income from subleasing right-of-use assets:

 Interest income from subleases classified
 as finance leases                              1,145       1,147

 The total cash outflow for leases to franchisee landlords in 2022 was
 $372,000 (2021 was $736,000).

21.3. Maturity analysis of lease payments

 Lease liabilities as the lessee:



                                                  31-Mar      31-Mar
                                                    2022        2021
                                                    $'000       $'000

 Less than one year                                 2,920       1,941
 One to five years                                  6,894       8,285
 More than five years                              11,332       8,853
 Total undiscounted lease liabilities              21,146      19,079

 Finance lease arrangements as the lessor:




                                                                        Page 56 of 82
   COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED



                                                31-Mar    31-Mar
                                                  2022      2021
                                                  $'000     $'000

    Year 1                                       3,874     3,175
    Year 2                                       3,232     3,047
    Year 3                                       3,396     2,940
    Year 4                                       3,033     2,817
    Year 5                                       2,786     2,641
    Onwards                                      8,254    10,214
    Lease payments                              24,575    24,834

    Unguaranteed residual values                     -         -
    Gross investment in the lease               24,575    24,834

    Less: unearned finance income               (5,332)   (6,551)
    Present value of minimum lease payments
    receivable                                  19,243    18,283

    Net investment in the lease                 19,243    18,283

22. Fees paid to auditor

   The Auditor of the Group for 31 March 2022 is William Buck Audit (NZ) Ltd.
   The auditor for UK firms is Rouse Partners LLP.

                                                               31-Mar         31-Mar
                                                                 2022           2021
                                                                 $'000          $'000
   Audit of financial statements
   - Statutory Audit                                                122           83
   - Overseas firms                                                 231           64
   Total fees paid to auditor                                       353          147

23. Reconciliation of cash flows from operating activities




                                                                          Page 57 of 82
  COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED



                                                                    31-Mar     31-Mar
                                                                      2022       2021
                                                                     $'000      $'000

   Profit/(Loss) after tax                                            (438)    (2,545)

   Add non-cash items:
    Depreciation and amortisation                                        581       819
    Impairment loss                                                      227        48
    Net foreign exchange (losses)/gains                                  230     (370)
    Revaluation of contingent consideration payable                  (6,431)         -
    Impairment of goodwill                                             5,983         -
   Add/(Less) movements in assets/liabilities:
    Inventories                                                            -         34
    Trade and other receivables                                        3,371   (5,514)
    Lease receivables                                                      -          -
    Other short-term assets                                              696       651
    Trade payables                                                     (883)     1,410
    Contract liabilities                                             (4,137)     5,553
    Other liabilities                                                    167       (50)
   Net cash flow applied to operating activities                       (632)         36

24. Related party transactions

  The Group’s related parties include the directors and senior management
  personnel of the Group and any associated parties as described below.

  Unless otherwise stated, none of the transactions incorporate special terms
  and conditions and no guarantees were given or received.

  Keith Jackson is a director of Cooks Investment Holdings Limited, Jackson &
  Associates Limited, Ascension Capital and Weihai Station Limited and a
  trustee of Nikau Trust.

  Mike Hutcheson is a director of Image Centre Limited and Lighthouse
  Ventures Holdings Limited.

  Paul Elliott is a director of Elliott Capital Advisors Limited.

  Michael Ambrose is a director of Ashville Consultancy Limited.

  Peihuan Wang is a director of Jiajiayue Holding Group Limited and Weihai
  Station Limited.

  Tony McVerry is a director of Esquires Coffee Houses Ireland Limited.

  Aiden Keegan is a director of Esquires Coffee UK Limited.

  Graham Hodgetts is a director of Triple Two Coffee Holdings Limited.

                                                                    Page 58 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


Sezan Walker is a director of Triple Two Coffee Holdings
Limited.

David Hodgetts is a director of Triple Two Coffee Holdings Limited.

Alistair Tillen is a director of Triple Two Coffee Holdings Limited.

Number of shares held by directors and other related parties:

                                                              31-Mar              31-Mar
                                                                2022                2021

Jiajiayue Holding Group                                    10,591,374      148,203,944
Keith Jackson (including associated parties)               11,675,660      110,240,494
Yunnan Metropolitan Construction Investment Group Co Ltd    6,714,643      100,719,640
Graham Hodgetts                                             3,547,910       53,218,654
CCC Employee Share Trust                                    3,388,837          562,486
Alistair Tillen                                             1,337,681       20,065,215
David Hodgetts                                                808,041       12,120,612
Sezan Walker                                                  804,646       12,069,685
Michael Ambrose                                               333,333                -
Paul Elliott                                                  226,296                -
Mike Hutcheson                                                 63,509          986,980
Maretha McVerry                                                38,246          573,687
Lighthouse Ventures Holdings Limited                           30,369          455,533
Aiden Keegan                                                   14,166          212,488

24.1.        Transactions with related parties

The following transactions occurred with related parties during the year:

                                                                        31-Mar             31-Mar
                                                                          2022               2021
                                                                          $'000              $'000
Purchases of goods and services
Purchase of management services                                            180                100

Interest paid to related parties                                           300                202

Other transactions
Funding loans advanced by related parties                                 (662)               717

The above values are exclusive of GST or VAT if any.

24.2.        Balances outstanding with related parties




                                                                         Page 59 of 82
  COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED



                                                                    31-Mar      31-Mar
                                                                      2022        2021
                                                                      $'000       $'000
   Outstanding balances arising from purchases of goods and
   services
   Entities controlled by key management personnel                     723           556

   Loans and other payables to related parties
   Balance beginning of the year                                      4,410       2,894
   Loans advanced                                                     (662)         717
   Reclassification from/(to) other liabilities                            -        (80)
   Other liability to related parties from business acquisitions           -        650
   Loans converted to equity                                        (2,000)            -
   Net foreign exchange effects                                         (23)          52
   Interest charged                                                     450         379
   Interest paid                                                      (300)       (202)
   Balance end of period                                              1,875       4,410

  The above values are inclusive of GST or VAT if any.

  The reduction in loans advanced relates to Nikau Trust converting $2,000,000
  of loans into equity at 3.0 cents per share.

  24.3.        Transactions with directors and senior management personnel

  Key management of the Group are the executive members of Cooks Coffee
  Company Limited’s Board of Directors and senior management. Directors and
  senior management personnel payments (exclusive of GST if any) made during
  the year includes the following expenses:

                                                                   31-Mar      31-Mar
                                                                     2022        2021
                                                                     $'000       $'000
   Directors fees                                                       92          80
   Salaries, wages and contractor payments                             515         333
                                                                       607         413
25. Segment reporting

  The Group’s reportable segments are business units deriving Royalties and
  Product Sales to Franchisees in geographical locations. New Zealand segment
  represents head office operation for the Group.

  The Group has also separated operating segments for the business activities
  intended to be sold.

  Segment information for the reporting period is as follows:




                                                                     Page 60 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED



Continuing operations
                                                                   Global       UK & IRE         New Zealand    Total
31/03/2022                                                      franchising    franchising
                                                                  & retail
Global operational splits                                             $'000             $'000           $'000      $'000

Revenue                                                                 255             7,115               1      7,372
Grant and other income                                                     -              449               -        449
Raw materials and consumables used                                         -          (1,628)               -    (1,628)
Depreciation and amortisation                                            (1)            (577)             (3)      (581)
Impairment Loss                                                       (123)             (104)               -      (227)
Net foreign exchange (losses)/gains                                      (4)            (171)            (55)      (230)
Employee costs                                                         (64)           (2,060)           (378)    (2,502)
Other expenses                                                         (42)           (1,684)           (694)    (2,420)
Operating (loss)/profit                                                  21             1,339         (1,128)        233
Finance costs                                                          (15)                10           (875)      (881)
Reduction of contingent consideration payable                              -            6,431               -      6,431
Impairment of goodwill                                                     -          (5,983)               -    (5,983)
Profit/(Loss) before income tax                                            6            1,797         (2,003)      (200)
Income tax (expense)/credit                                                -              110               -        110
Profit/(Loss) for the year from continuing operations                      6            1,907         (2,003)        (90)

Non-current assets
Intangible assets                                                        42             5,740           1,481      7,263
Property, plant and equipment                                             1               146               3        150
Right of use assets                                                       -             1,641               -      1,641
Goodwill                                                                  -             5,457               -      5,457


Discontinued operations
31/03/2022                                                       UK retail            Supply                       Total
Global operational splits                                             $'000            $'000                       $'000

Revenue                                                                 620                  -                       620
Grant and other income                                                     -                 -                          -
Raw materials and consumables used                                    (183)                  -                     (183)
Depreciation and amortisation                                         (100)                  -                     (100)
Net foreign exchange (losses)/gains                                        -                 -                          -
Employee costs                                                        (319)                  -                     (319)
Other expenses                                                        (329)                  -                     (329)
Operating (loss)                                                      (311)                  -                     (311)
Finance costs                                                            (3)                 -                        (3)
Loss on available for sale assets                                          -                 -                          -
Interest on bank and other borrowings                                  (34)                  -                      (34)
Share of net loss of associate accounted for using the equity
method                                                                    -                                            -
Loss before income tax                                                (348)                  -                     (348)
Income tax (expense)/credit                                               -                  -                         -
Loss for the year from discontinued operations                        (348)                  -                     (348)


Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                             6                  -                           6
Assets held for Sale                                                     18                  -                          18




                                                                                                   Page 61 of 82
  COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED



    Continuing operations
                                                             Global          UK & IRE         New Zealand
    31/03/2021                                            franchising      franchising
                                                            & design                                           Total
    Global operational splits                                    $'000                $'000          $'000     $'000

    Revenue                                                        212              1,502                -      1,714
    Other income                                                    (2)               938               77      1,013
    Raw materials and consumables used                                -             (138)                -      (138)
    Depreciation and amortisation                                 (12)              (762)             (45)      (819)
    Property related costs                                        (27)                 76             (49)          -
    Net foreign exchange (losses)/gains                             19                  -              351        370
    Employee costs                                               (182)            (1,899)            (178)    (2,260)
    Other expenses                                               (338)              (701)            (569)    (1,607)
    Operating (loss)                                             (331)              (983)            (413)    (1,726)
    Finance costs                                                   (2)             (114)            (776)      (892)
    Loss before income tax                                       (333)            (1,097)          (1,189)      (892)
    Income tax (expense)/credit                                       -                80                -         80
    Loss for the year from continuing operations                 (333)            (1,017)          (1,189)      (812)

    Non-current assets
    Intangible assets                                               32             5,981            1,481      7,495
    Property, plant and equipment                                    1                71                6         78
    Right of use assets                                              -               715                -        715
    Goodwill                                                         -            11,569                -     11,569

    Discontinued operations
    31/03/2021                                             UK retail         Supply                          Total
    Global operational splits                                   $'000                 $'000                     $'000

    Revenue                                                         626                106                        732
    Other income                                                    282                  98                       380
    Raw materials and consumables used                             (62)                (83)                     (145)
    Net foreign exchange (losses)/gains                               -                   4                          4
    Employee costs                                                (393)                 (4)                     (397)
    Other expenses                                                (579)                   -                     (579)
    Operating (loss)/profit                                       (127)                121                         (6)
    Finance costs                                                     -                 (1)                        (1)
    Share of net loss of associate accounted for using the equity (127)
                                                                  method               120                         (7)
    Income tax (expense)/credit                                       -                   -                          -
    Loss for the year from discontinued operations                (127)                120                         (7)


    Non-current assets
    Assets held for Sale                                            29                    -                        29


26. Contingencies

  Contingent Liabilities

  There were no contingent liabilities as at 31 March 2022 (2021: $nil).

27. Capital commitments

  There were no capital commitments as at 31 March 2022 (2021: $nil).


                                                                                                   Page 62 of 82
  COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


28. Financial risk management

  Due to the broad range of the Group’s activities, there is exposure to a variety
  of financial risks:

   • Market risk (including currency risk and interest rate risk);

   • Credit risk; and

   • Liquidity risk

  The Group’s risk management programme focuses on minimising the potential
  adverse effects of these risks. The Group’s business is primarily denominated
  in foreign currencies. The Group holds New Zealand dollars and other
  currencies to settle transactions in the normal course of business.

  28.1. Market risk

  Foreign Currency Risk

  The Group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign currency risk
  arising from various currency exposures. Although the NZD remains the main
  currency for corporate funding and Group reporting, the transactions
  denominated in NZD is diminishing as the growth in the overseas market
  outweighs the operations in the New Zealand market, especially with the
  purchase of Triple Two business in the UK. As disclosed in Note 25 Segment
  Reporting, the revenue generated from the Corporate segment which is
  denominated in NZD is only $784 or 0.01% of the total group revenue of $7.3
  million. This indicates that the Group’s exposure to foreign currency risk has
  increased considerably.

  A significant amount of the Group’s transactions are carried out other than in
  New Zealand Dollars. The Group has debt or liabilities denominated in foreign
  currency which is not hedged. Exposures to currency exchange rates arise
  from the Group’s overseas company holdings (Ireland and United Kingdom),
  and foreign currency denominated income for New Zealand domiciled
  companies (royalties, store openings, design and other franchise fees, product
  sales). These are primarily denominated in European currency (EURO) and
  Pound Sterling (GBP).

  As disclosed in note 25 Segmental Reporting, global franchising and design
  and UK & Ireland franchising are all primarily transacted in foreign currency.

  Management has performed a sensitivity analysis for any potential foreign
  currency risk faced by the group. Based on the current year results, in the
  event that the NZD weakens against GBP and GBP/NZD exchange rate
  decreases by 5%, the impact on the group result is the profit will be
  increased by $82,000. If the GBP/NZD exchange rate increase by 5%, the
  group profit will be reduced by $74,000

                                                                     Page 63 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


In the event that the NZD weakens against the Euro and
EURO/NZD exchange rate decreases by 5%, the impact on
the group result is the profit will be increased by $18,000. If the EURO/NZD
exchange rate increase by 5%, the group profit will be reduced by $16,000.

28.2. Credit Risk

Credit risk is managed on a Group basis. The Group generally trades with
franchises and banking counterparties who are well established. Receivables
balances are managed by and reported regularly to senior management
according to the Company’s credit management policies and procedures. The
amount outstanding at the reporting date represents the maximum exposure
to credit risk.

Trade receivables

The Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected
credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade
receivables.

To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped
based on the days past due.

The expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles of sales over a
period of 24 months before 31 March 2022 and the corresponding historical
credit losses experienced within this period. The historical loss rates are
adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on
macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the
receivables. The Group has evaluated available forward-looking information
and has concluded that there is no indication that historical loss rates should
be adjusted. For FY22 management had decided to make an additional
provision for expected credit losses of $122,850 for Bahrain and Kuwait
royalties. The provision for impairment of other receivables has increased
from $268,000 in 2021 to $378,000 in 2022 as shown on Note 11 (a).

Lease receivables

The Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected
credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for all lease
receivables.

To measure the expected credit losses, lease receivables have been grouped
based on shared credit risk characteristics.

The expected loss rates are based on the historical credit losses experienced
for each credit risk group within a period of 24 months before 31 March 2022.
The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking
information on macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers
to settle the receivables. The Group has evaluated available forward-looking

                                                                Page 64 of 82
COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


information and has concluded that there is no indication
that historical loss rates should be adjusted.

28.3. Liquidity Risk

The Group maintains regular forecasts of liquidity based on expected cash
flows. The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant
groups based on the remaining period at the reporting date to the end of the
contractual date. The amounts disclosed are the contractual undiscounted
cash flows.

                                                        Between       Over
                                            Less than      1 and         5   Carrying
At 31 March 2022                               1 year    5 years     years    Amount
                                                $'000       $'000    $'000      $'000

Trade payables                                  2,323          -         -      2,323
Related party payables                            723          -         -        723
Other payables                                  1,473          -         -      1,473
Short term finance loans                        2,583        467         -      3,050
Related party loans                               875      1,053         -      1,928
Lease Liabilities                               2,920      6,894    11,332     21,146
                                               10,896      8,414    11,332     30,642

                                                     Between         Over
                                           Less than    1 and           5    Carrying
At 31 March 2021                              1 year 5 years        years     Amount
                                               $'000     $'000      $'000       $'000

Trade payables                                 3,042           -         -      3,042
Related party payables                           556           -         -        556
Other payables                                 1,803           -         -      1,803
Short term finance loans                       3,292         468         -      3,739
Related party loans                              879       2,889         -      3,768
Lease Liabilities                              3,066      12,186    10,500     19,079
                                              12,638      15,543    10,500     31,987

For further details in relation to the liquidity risk refer to Note 4.

28.4. Capital risk management

The Group’s objectives when managing capital is to safeguard the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern in order to provide returns to
shareholders and benefits to other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal
capital structure. The Group currently monitors capital based on cash
requirements and, in order to maintain or adjust the capital structure,
generally issues new shares to investors through share issues. The Group and
the Company have not been subject to any externally imposed capital
requirements during the period.



                                                                       Page 65 of 82
  COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


  The Group is currently in need of additional capital
  injections to be able to execute its strategy. It is planning
  to obtain injections in FY23 in addition to that raised and debt conversions in
  FY22. For further details of this refer to Note 4.

29. Financial instruments by category

                                                                    31-Mar      31-Mar
                                                                      2022        2021
                                                                      $'000       $'000
    Financial assets at amortised cost
    Cash and cash equivalents                                        1,156         886
    Trade and other receivables                                      1,244       4,615
    Lease receivables                                               19,243      18,283
                                                                    21,643      23,784

    Financial liabilities at amortised cost
    Trade payables                                                   2,323       3,042
    Borrowings and other liabilities                                 4,978       7,507
    Lease liability                                                 21,146      19,079
    Related party payables                                             723         556
                                                                    29,170      30,183

    Finacial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
    Contingent consideration                                              -      6,431
                                                                          -      6,431

30. Fair value measurement

   The table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by
   valuation method. The different levels have been defined as follows:

       •   Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or
           liabilities (Level 1).
       •   Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are
           observable for the asset or liability, either directly (that is, as prices)
           or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (Level 2).
       •   Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable
           market data (that is, unobservable inputs) (Level 3).
                                                                      31-Mar      31-Mar
                                                                        2022        2021
    Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss         $'000       $'000
    Contingent consideration
    Level 3
    Opening balance                                                    6,431            -
    Fair Value                                                                      6,431
    Reduction of contingent consideration payable                     (6,431)           -
    Closing balance                                                         -       6,431




                                                                         Page 66 of 82
  COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


     The only financial instrument measured at fair value
     was Contingent Consideration of $Nil at 31.3.22 (31.3.21
     $6,431,000 Level 3).


31. Business Combination

   TRIPLE TWO ACQUISITION

  i) Contingent consideration

     The Group acquired Triple Two Coffee in June 2020.

     There is an earn-out provision agreement in place with the shareholders
     of Triple Two whereby Triple Two can increase their consideration
     received by improving on the performance of the base year, which was
     calendar year 2019, and in any calendar year from 2020 to 2022. The
     basis of calculating contingent consideration is on net cash receipts and
     payments within the Triple Two group for each respective period.

     The group owes the vendors $562,000 as part of the original purchase
     price. This will be settled during FY23.

     With respect to 2021, a key franchisee did not materialise after
     commitments were made resulting in management’s re-assessment of
     contingent consideration for calendar year 2021. As the franchisee did
     not proceed with the proposed store, management determined that
     there was no contingent consideration payable for 2021.

     Utilising this data from calendar year 2021, as well as a conservative
     forecast for calendar year 2022, management has since reviewed the
     profit levels in line with the sale and purchase agreement and come to
     an agreement that at the time of filing this annual report, no additional
     contingent consideration is expected to be paid by Cooks Coffee
     Company Ltd

     This results in a $6.4m write off to the Profit and Loss statement and
     with no further contingent consideration liability remining on the Balance
     Sheet (2021: $6.4m).

     Forecasts still indicate profitability and cash flow positivity on an ongoing
     basis for the Triple Two group.

  ii) Additional updates

     10 new Triple Two Coffee stores were opened during the year which was a
     positive improvement on last year (2 during FY21). Management forecast 10
     store openings as a minimum going forward, year on year.


                                                                   Page 67 of 82
   COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED



32. Post-reporting date events

   There is no post-reporting date event to be disclosed.

Statutory Information and Corporate Governance

    Directors Relevant Interests in Company Securities as at 31 March 2022

      Substantial Security Holder                       Shares Held

      Graeme Keith Jackson, Patricia Frances             11,675,660
      Jackson & Philip Mack Picot

      Mike Hutcheson                                        118,389

      Paul Valentine Mark Elliott                           226,296

      Michael Ambrose                                       333,333

      Total Number of Shares Held:                      12,353,678


Director Dealings in Company Securities

There have been the following transactions in respect of Cooks Coffee Company
Limited (CCC or Company) securities by directors of the Company (Directors) in
the 12 months ending 31 March 2022:

       Director                                Dealings
Mr. Graeme Keith                 Mr. Graeme Keith Jackson is the
Jackson                          beneficial holder of 11,675,660 ordinary
                                 shares in the Company currently held by
                                 Graeme Keith Jackson, Patricia Frances
                                 Jackson & Philip Mack Picot.

Interests Register

CCC has D&O insurance which ensures that generally, Directors and officers will
incur no monetary loss as a result of actions undertaken by them. CCC has
entered an indemnity in favour of its Directors for the purposes of Section 162
of the Companies Act 1993.

Use of Company Information

The Board received no notices from Directors wishing to use Company
information received in their capacity as Directors which would not have been
ordinarily available.




                                                                      Page 68 of 82
   COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


Other Director Interests

Other directorships held during the FY22 held by CCC Directors:

                                Graeme Keith Jackson
Arana Holdings Limited                     Esquires Middle East & Africa IP Holdings
                                           Limited
Ascension Capital Limited                  Esquires Northern Cyprus Limited
CFG Employee Share Trust Limited CFG       Esquires NZ Franchise Holdings Limited
Employee Share Trust Limited               Esquires Office Limited
Weihai Station Limited                     Esquires Oman Limited
Cooks Investment Holdings Limited          Esquires Pakistan Limited
Cooks Supply Limited                       Esquires Port Denarau Marina Limited
Crux Products Limited                      Esquires Portugal Limited
Dairy Farm Investments (Ruawhata)
                                           Esquires Qatar Limited
Limited
Esquires Asia Limited                      Esquires Romania Limited
Esquires Bahrain Limited                   Esquires Saudi Arabia Limited
Esquires Canada IP Limited                 Esquires Supply No 2 Limited
Esquires China Limited                     Esquires Turkey Limited
Esquires Coffee China Limited              Esquires U.A.E. Limited
Esquires Coffee India Limited              Esquires UK 1 Limited
Esquires Coffee Malaysia IP Holdings
                                           Franchise Development Limited
Limited
Esquires Coffee Supply Limited             Franchise Holdings NZ Limited
Esquires Egypt Limited                     Franchise Management NZ Limited
Esquires EP & Bahrain Limited              Jackson & Associates Limited
Esquires Fiji Limited                      LSD Global Limited
Esquires Global IP Holdings Limited        Nikau Trust
Esquires India Limited                     Resnik Corporation Limited
Esquires Indonesia Limited                 Scarborough Fair Limited
Esquires Iraq IP Holdings Limited          Esquires Jordan Limited
Esquires Kuwait Limited                    Esquires Malaysia Limited




                           Michael George Rae Hutcheson
2 Life Limited                            Lighthouse Ventures Limited
Eschool Holdings Limited                  Lonely Cow Wines Holdings Limited
Eschool Limited                           AUT Ventures
Hotfoot Retail Services Limited           Image Centre Limited
Ice Capital Investments Limited           Tangible Media Limited
Image Centre Holdings Limited             The Lighthouse Ideas Company Limited
Carthage Corporation Limited              Patiki Farming Limited




                                                                      Page 69 of 82
  COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED



                               Michael George Ambrose
Arvida Group Limited                       Sirocco Trustees Todd Limited
Southern Fruits International GP Limited Sirocco Trustees 2008 Limited
Sirocco Trustees Phillips Limited          Sirocco Trustees Lindoc Limited
Sirocco Trustees McCallum-Clark Limited Sirocco Trustees Fairview Limited
Sirocco Trustees Jacobson Limited          Sirocco Trustees Prycie Limited
Sirocco Trustees Macpherson Limited        Sirocco Trustees Donaldson Limited
Sirocco Trustees No 10 Limited             Sirocco Trustees Gane Limited
Sirocco Trustees No 1 Limited              Sirocco Trustees Aramowicz Limited
Almonte Holdings Limited                   Sirocco Trustees Clark Limited
Ashville Consultancy Limited               Sirocco Trustees Randolph Limited
Sirocco Trustees Glasson Limited           Garra International Limited
Sirocco Trustees DLM Limited               Deltop Holdings Limited
Sirocco Trustees Cooper Limited            Australian Lobster Company (GP) Limited
Sirocco Trustees Sbft Limited              FLC Trustee Limited
Sirocco Trustees Huntley Limited           Lobster Management GP Limited
Sirocco Trustees Goleman Limited           Deep Creek Fruits GP Limited
Melrose Equities Limited                   Dirocco Trustees Waters Limited
Sirocco Trustees Aws Limited               Dirocco Trustees Nikau Limited
Sirocco Trustees May Limited               Arvida Group Limited
Chateau Marlborough Hotel 2014 Limited Sirocco Trustees Beneagle Limited
Chateau Marlborough Holdings 2014
                                           Sirocco Trustees Celmins Limited
Limited
Fiordland Lobster Company Limited          Sirocco Trustees Windermere Limited
Sirocco Trustees Kimberley Limited         Sirocco Trustees Church Lane Limited
Sirocco Trustees Dufner Limited            Sirocco Trustees Henderson Limited
Sirocco Trustees Murray Mcarthur
                                           Senior Move Managers Limited
Limited




                            Paul Valentine Mark Elliott
Agribusiness Investments NZ Limited       Elliott Capital Advisors Limited
Agribusiness Solutions NZ Limited         Parawai Point Trustees Limited
Ignite Finance Limited                    Revive Finance Limited
Ignite Solutions Limited                  Ignite Nominees Limited




                                   Peihuan Wang
Shanghai Shiban Supply Chain Co. Ltd      Spar China Group LTD.
Jiajiayue Group Limited. (China)          Weihai Station Limited
Jiajiayue Holding Group Limited (CHINA)




                                   Alex Qiang Kui
Caiyun International Investment Limited    Australia YMCI Pty Limited
Top Spring International Holding Limited


                                                                        Page 70 of 82
  COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED




Spread of Quoted Security Holders as at 31 March 2022:

                          SHAREHOLDERS                      SHARES
RANGE
                            NUMBER         %               NUMBER           %
1-1,000                   364       57.05%             56,737         0.11%
1,001-5,000                111      17.40%            261,679        0.49%
5,001-10,000               36        5.64%            259,340        0.49%
10,001-50,000              67       10.50%           1,538,604       2.90%
50,001-100,000             21        3.29%           1,475,662       2.78%
100,001 and over           39        6.11%          49,467,471       93.23%
TOTAL                     638       100.00          53,059,493       100.00




                                                                Page 71 of 82
   COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


20 Largest Holdings of Equity Securities

As at 31 March 2022:

Rank Investor Name                                      Total Units     % Issued
                                                                        Capital
  1    Graeme Keith Jackson, Patricia Frances Jackson   11,675,660      22.00%
       & Philip Mack Picot
   2   Jiajiayue Holding Group                          10,591,374       19.96%
   3   Yunnan Health AND Tourism                        6,714,643        12.65%
   4   Graham Hodgetts                                   3,547,910        6.69%
   5   CCC Employee Share Trust                         3,388,837         6.39%
   6   Adg Investments Limited                           2,813,317        5.30%
   7   Alistair Tillen                                   1,337,681        2.52%
   8   Suhua He                                           927,679         1.75%
   9   David Hodgetts                                     808,041         1.52%
  10   Sezan Walker                                      804,646          1.52%
  11   PKB Trustees Limited                              800,000          1.51%
  12   Scott Francis Vernon                               555,556         1.05%
  13   Shuxin Zhang                                       415,218         0.78%
  14   Peter James Kirton                                 333,715         0.63%
  15   Michael Ambrose                                    333,333         0.63%
  16   Sanjac Holdings Limited                            333,333         0.63%
  17   FNZ Custodians Limited                             313,655         0.59%
  18   New Zealand Central Securities                     304,662         0.57%
  19   Anne Margaret Mervis                               301,432         0.57%
  20   Paul Valentine Mark Elliott                        226,296         0.43%




SUBSTANTIAL PRODUCT HOLDERS

The following information is provided in compliance with section 293 of the
Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 and is stated as at 31 March 2022. The total
number of voting financial products of Cooks Coffee Company Limited at that
date was 53,059,493 and ordinary shares are the only such product on issue.




                                                                     Page 72 of 82
  COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


EMPLOYEE REMUNERATION

During   the    accounting     period,  the     following  number   of   CCC’s
employees/independent contractors (not being a director) received remuneration
and other benefits in that person’s capacity as employee/independent contractor
of CCC, the value of which exceeded $100,000 per annum:

         Remuneration ranges       Number of           Number of
                                   employees           employees
         For CCC Group:
                                      2022                  2021
         100,000 – 109,999              1                    -
         110,000 – 119,999             2                      1
         130,000 – 139,999              -                     1
         140,000 – 149,999              -                    -
         160,000 – 169,999              -                    -
         170,000 – 179,999              -                     1
         180,000 – 189,999              1                     1
         190,000 – 199,999              -                    -
         200,000 – 209,999              -                     1

DIRECTOR REMUNERATION AND OTHER BENEFITS

During the accounting period, the Directors of the Company received the
following remuneration:

                                     Directors’    Executive       Share based
               Name
                                        Fees         Salary         payments
   Mike Hutcheson                     39,600           -                -
   Graeme Keith Jackson                   -         240,000             -
   Paul Elliott                       40,000           -                -
   Michael Ambrose                     13,333
   Peihuan Wang                           -             -               -
   Alex Qiang Kui                         -             -               -

Donations

No donations were made in the 12-month financial period ended 31 March
2022.




                                                                   Page 73 of 82
   COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT

Cooks Coffee Company Limited (CCC) believes in the benefit
of good corporate governance and the value it provides for shareholders and
other stakeholders. CCC is committed to ensuring that the company meets best
practice corporate governance principles, to the extent that it is appropriate for
the nature of CCC’s operations.

The board of CCC is responsible for establishing and implementing the
company’s corporate governance frameworks, and is committed to fulfilling this
role in accordance with best practice having regard to applicable laws, the NZX
Corporate Governance Code and the Financial Markets Authority Corporate
Governance – Principles and Guidelines.

As at 31 March 2020, CCC has implemented policies and processes to establish,
shape and maintain appropriate governance standards and behaviours
throughout CCC that aligns with the NZX Corporate Governance Code 2017
(Code). CCC’s approach to applying the recommendations outlined in the Code
is set out below. This statement is set out in the order of the principles
detailed in the Code and explains how CCC is applying the Code’s
recommendations. CCC is in compliance with the Code, with the exception of
recommendations 2.8 and 6.1 for the reasons explained below.

Principle 1 – Code of ethical behaviour

“Directors should set high standards of ethical behaviour, model this behaviour
and hold management accountable for these standards being followed
throughout the organisation.”

Code of Ethics

The Board Charter, Code of Ethics and Code of Conduct establish the
standards of ethical behaviour expected of Directors and staff. The Board
expects Directors, management and staff to personally subscribe to these
values and use them as a guide to make decisions. The Audit and Risk
Committee has responsibility for monitoring compliance with internal
processes, including compliance with the Code of Ethics.
Directors are expected to ensure the potential for conflicts of interests is
minimised by restricting involvement in other businesses or in private
capacities that could lead to a conflict. In considering matters affecting the
Company, Directors are required to disclose any actual or potential conflicts.
Where a conflict or potential conflict is disclosed, the Director takes no further
part in receipt of information or participation in discussions on that matter.
The Board maintains an interests’ register and it is reviewed at each board
meeting.
Should any member of staff have concerns regarding practices that may
conflict with the Code of Conduct they are able to raise the matter with the

                                                                    Page 74 of 82
   COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


Chair, as appropriate, on a confidential basis. Directors
would raise any concerns regarding compliance with the
Code of Ethics with the Chair. The Chair of the Board and the Chair of the
Audit and Risk Committee note there have been no financial matters raised in
this respect in the 2022 financial year.

Financial Product Trading

Directors, officers, employees and contractors are restricted in their trading of
Cooks Coffee Company securities and must comply with the Financial Products
Trading Policy and Guidelines which is available on the Website.

Principle 2 – Board composition and performance

“To ensure an effective board, there should be a balance of independence, skills,
knowledge, experience and perspectives.”

Board Charter

The Board of Directors of the Company is elected by the shareholders to
supervise the management of the Company. The Board establishes the
Company's objectives, overall policy framework within which the business of
the Company is conducted and confirms strategies for achieving these
objectives. The Board also monitors performance and ensures that procedures
are in place to provide effective internal financial control.
The Board is responsible for guiding the corporate strategy and direction of the
Company and has overall responsibility for decision making. The Board has
delegated responsibility for implementing the Board’s strategy and for
managing the operations of the Company to the Chairman.
CCC’s board operates under a written charter which defines the respective
functions and responsibilities of the board, focusing on the values, principles
and practices that provide the corporate governance framework. The charter
complies with the relevant recommendations in the Code and is reviewed
annually.
The board uses committees to address certain matters that require detailed
consideration. The board retains ultimate responsibility for the function of its
committees and determines their responsibilities.

Nomination and appointment of directors

In accordance with CCC’s constitution and NZX Listing Rules, the directors are
required to retire by rotation and may offer themselves for re-election by
shareholders each year. Procedures for the appointment and removal of
directors are also governed by the Board Charter. CCC does not maintain a
separate nomination committee, given the current size and nature of CCC’s

                                                                    Page 75 of 82
   COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


business, director nominations and appointments are the
responsibility of the full board.

Written Agreements with directors

CCC intends to enter written agreements with any newly appointed directors
establishing the terms of their appointment.

Director Information and Independence

The Board currently comprises of five Directors including the Chairman & Chief
Executive Officer, Keith Jackson. The Board met five times during the year on a
formal basis. The Audit and Finance Committee meetings are held outside these
meetings on a regular basis as required.

The board takes into account guidance provided under the NZX Listing Rules in
determining the independence of directors. Director independence is considered
annually. Directors are required to inform the board as soon as practicable if
they think their status as an independent director has (or may have) changed.

The directors that the board considers are independent and information in
respect of directors’ ownership interests is contained in this annual report.

Diversity

Cooks recognises the wide-ranging benefits that diversity brings to an
organisation and its workplaces. Cooks’ endeavours to ensure diversity at all
levels of the organisation to ensure a balance of skills and perspectives are
available in the service of our shareholders and customers. To this end, the Board
is committed to fostering a culture that embraces diversity.

The Board also has the responsibility of monitoring and promoting the diversity
of staff and associated corporate culture, including requiring that recruitment
and selection processes at all levels are appropriately structured so that a
diverse range of candidates are considered and to avoid conscious and
unconscious biases that might discriminate against certain candidates.

The gender balance of the Group’s Directors, officers and all employees were as
follows:

            As at 31 March 2021              As at 31 March 2022
            Directors Officers Employees     Directors Officers Employees
  Female    -          -        13           -          -        13
  Male      5          1        13           6          1        13
  Total     5          1        26           6          1        26

Director Training



                                                                   Page 76 of 82
   COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


All directors are responsible for ensuring they remain current
in understanding their duties as directors. Where necessary,
CCC will support directors to help develop and maintain directors’ skills and
knowledge relevant to performing their role.

Separation of the Chair and Managing Director

Due to the size and nature of CCC and its cash flow requirements CCC does not
comply with 2.8 of the Code, the chair of the board and managing director are
not separate people.

Principle 3 – Board Committees

“The board should use committees where this will enhance its effectiveness in
key areas, while still retaining board responsibility.”

Given the small scale of the company and board, the board currently has one
standing committee, the Audit and Risk committee. This committee operates
under a specific charter which is approved by the Board and will be reviewed
annually.    Any recommendations made by these committees are
recommendations to the board.

  Directors

                                                                  Sub-
                                                                            Attendance
  Name                    Status          Current/Resigned     committee
                                                                                 *
                                                               membership
  Keith Jackson      Chairman & CEO       Appointed 18/8/08       Audit,        5
                        Executive                               Finance &
                                                                Marketing
  Paul Elliott        Non-Executive       Appointed 30/5/19      Audit &        5
                       Independent                               Finance
  Mike Hutcheson      Non-Executive       Appointed 3/10/13     Marketing       5
                       Independent
  Michael             Non-Executive       Appointed 29/11/21    Audit &         2
  Ambrose              Independent                              Finance
  Peihuan Wang        Non-Executive       Appointed 29/4/16        -            2
                       Independent
  Alex Qiang Kui      Non-Executive       Appointed 27/2/19        -            2
                       Independent

Audit and Risk Committee

The Audit and Risk Committee Charter sets out the objectives of the Audit and
Risk Committee which are to provide assistance to the board in fulfilling its
responsibilities in relation to the company’s financial reporting, internal controls
structure, risk management systems and the external audit function.

The audit committee currently comprises Keith Jackson, Paul Elliott, Mike
Hutcheson and Michael Ambrose. Paul Elliott, Mike Hutcheson and Michael
Ambrose are considered Independent Directors for the purposes of NZX Listing


                                                                       Page 77 of 82
   COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


Rule 2.1.1. All members of the Audit and Risk Committee have
appropriate financial experience and an understanding of the
industry in which CCC operates.

The Audit and Risk Committee focusses on audit and risk management and
specifically addresses responsibilities relative to financial reporting and
regulatory compliance.    The Audit and Risk Committee is accountable for
ensuring the performance and independence of the external auditor, including
that CCC provides for 5-yearly rotation of either the external auditor or the lead
audit partner.

The committee provides a forum for the effective communication between the
board and external auditors. The responsibilities of the committee include:

  •   reviewing the appointment of the external auditor, the annual audit plan,
      and addressing any recommendations from the audit;
  •   reviewing any financial information to be issued to the public; and
  •   ensuring that appropriate financial systems and internal controls are in
      place.


The Audit and Risk Committee may have in attendance the Managing Director
and/or others including the external auditor as required from time to time.

Takeover Response Protocol
The board has protocols in place that set out the procedure to be followed if
there is a takeover offer for CCC. This procedure is set out in the board
charter.
Principle 4 – Reporting and Disclosure
“The board should demand integrity in financial and non-financial reporting,
and in the timeliness and balance of corporate disclosures.”
Continuous Disclosure
The board focusses on providing accurate, adequate and timely information
both to existing shareholders and the market generally. This enables all
investors to make informed decisions about CCC.
CCC, as a company listed on the NZX Main Board, has an obligation to comply
with the disclosure requirements under the NZX Listing Rules, and the
Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013. CCC has a Continuous Disclosure Policy
designed to ensure this occurs. CCC recognises that these requirements aim
to provide equal access for all investors or potential investors to material
price-sensitive information concerning issuers or their financial products. This
in turn promotes confidence in the market. The Continuous Disclosure Policy
outlines the obligations for CCC in satisfying the disclosure requirements.
CCC’s Disclosure Officer (currently the Chair) is responsible for ensuring

                                                                   Page 78 of 82
   COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


compliance with the NZX continuous disclosure
requirements and overseeing and co-ordinating disclosure to
the exchange.
Financial Reporting
The Board monitors:

   •   available cash in the Company to ensure there are sufficient funds
       available to satisfy debts as they fall due; and
   •   the continued support of the Company’s principal creditors, to ensure
       their continued support of the Company and continued intention to not
       call up amounts owing to them.
The Board is committed to keeping the market and its shareholders informed
of all material information relating to the Company through meeting the
obligations imposed under the Listing Rules and relevant legislation such as the
Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.
CCC seeks to make disclosures in a timely and balanced way to ensure
transparency in the market and equality of information for investors. The
Company also recognises the benefits of providing other releases that broaden
the market’s knowledge of the Company’s business and financial performance
and seeks, where appropriate, to use communications that achieve this
objective.
The website is a key channel for the distribution of Cooks’ information and is
updated after documents are disclosed on the NZX.
The Chair of the Board and the CEO are responsible for the day to day
management of ensuring these obligations are met. The Board will review
compliance with the continuous disclosure obligations at every board meeting.
Cooks was referred by NZX to the NZ Markets Disciplinary Tribunal (Tribunal)
and in a determination dated 4 February 2020, the Tribunal found that Cooks
Coffee Company Limited (CCC) breached NZX Listing Rule 3.6.1 by filing its 2019
Annual Report 5 business days late. The Tribunal ordered that CCC pay a
financial penalty of $35,000, pay the costs of NZX and the Tribunal, and be
publicly censured.
Principle 5 – Remuneration
 “The remuneration of directors and executives should be transparent, fair and
reasonable.”
Directors’ Remuneration
The Remuneration Committee makes recommendations to the board on
remuneration matters in keeping with the Remuneration Policy which outlines
the key principles that influence CCC’s remuneration practices. The committee
is also responsible for making recommendations to the board on the

                                                                  Page 79 of 82
   COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


remuneration of the Chair. Directors’ fees are determined
by the board on the recommendation of the committee
within the aggregate director remuneration pool approved by shareholders.
Details of remuneration paid to directors are disclosed in this annual report.
Principle 6 –Risk Management
“Directors should have a sound understanding of the material risks faced by
the issuer and how to manage them. The Board should regularly verify that the
issuer has appropriate processes that identify and manage potential and
material risks.”
The board considers its material risks are any decision to realise or make new
investments and to carefully manage cash flow. The Managing Director reports
regularly to the full board on these key risks, and operating expenses are kept
to a bare minimum.
Key risk management tools used by CCC include the Audit and Risk Committee
function and outsourcing certain functions to service providers (such as legal
and audit). CCC also maintains insurance policies that is considers adequate
to meet insurable risks. The board of CCC will continue to regularly consider
any potential risks and its risk management processes and adapt these should
the nature and size of the business change in the future. While CCC is
comfortable this approach to risk is sufficient, it does not comply with
recommendation 6.1 of the Code as it does not have a formal risk management
framework.
Health and Safety
The board does not consider it necessary to maintain a specific health and
safety committee. The full board of CCC recognise the importance of health
and safety considerations, and will continue to assess any risks, management
and performance in this regard in the future.
Principle 7 – Auditors
“The board should ensure the quality and independence of the external audit
process.”
The Audit and Risk Committee makes recommendations to the board on the
appointment of the external auditor as set out in Audit and Risk Committee
Charter. The committee also monitors the independence and effectiveness of
the external auditor and reviews and approves any non-audit services
performed by the external auditor.
Principle 8 – Shareholder rights and relations
“The board should respect the rights of shareholders and foster constructive
relationships with shareholders that encourage them to engage with the
issuer.”

                                                                   Page 80 of 82
   COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


Information for Shareholders
The Company aims to ensure that shareholders are informed
of all major developments affecting the Company affairs. Information is
communicated to shareholders in the Annual Report, Interim Report, and
regular NZX announcements, including major share transactions, acquisitions,
store expansion and new franchises and any personnel changes of significance.
The company website provides an overview of the business and information
about CCC. This information includes details of investments, latest news,
investor information, key corporate governance information, and copies of
significant NZX announcements. The website also provides profiles of the
directors and the senior executive team. Copies of previous annual reports,
financial statements, and results presentations are available on the website.
Shareholders have the right to vote on major decisions of the company in
accordance with requirements set out in the Companies Act 1993 and the NZX
Listing Rules.
Communicating with Shareholders
CCC endeavours to communicate regularly with its shareholders through its
market updates and other investor communications. The company receives
questions from time to time from shareholders, and has processes in place to
ensure shareholder communications are responded to in a timely and accurate
manner. CCC’s website sets out appropriate contact details for
communications from shareholders, including the phone number and email
address of the Chair, Keith Jackson. CCC provides the opportunity for
shareholders to receive and send communications by post or electronically.
CCC sends the annual shareholders notice of meeting and publishes it on the
company website as soon as possible and at least 28 days before the meeting
each year.




                                                                  Page 81 of 82
   COOKS COFFEE COMPANY LIMITED


Company Directory

Company number:          2089337

Year of incorporation:   2008

Registered office:       Level 1, 96 St Georges Bay Road,
                         Parnell,
                         Auckland, 1052

Nature of business:      Food & beverage industry

Directors:               Graeme Keith Jackson
                         Michael George Ambrose
                         Michael George Rae Hutcheson
                         Peihuan Wang
                         Paul Valentine Mark Elliott
                         Alex Qiang Kui

Solicitors:              Duncan Cotterill
                         Wellington

Bankers:                 ANZ Bank, Auckland

Auditors:                William Buck Audit (NZ) Limited

Share registry:          Link Market Services Limited
                         Auckland




                                                            Page 82 of 82
