ANNUAL REPORT 2022




Caring is
our calling
Radius Residential Care Ltd | www.radiuscare.co.nz




   Caring is our calling
CONTENTS




      OUR PEOPLE		                  OUR FUTURE                FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Homes		                  4    Developments         28   Financial Statements      38
      Community                8    Sustainability       30   Notes                     44
      Care		                   12                             Audit Report		            79
                                    OUR LEADERSHIP
      OUR YEAR                      Board of Directors   32   CORPORATE
      Chair & CEO Report       16   Skills Matrix		      34   GOVERNANCE                86
      At A Glance		            20   Senior Management    36
                                                              OTHER DISCLOSURES         101
      Our Value Drivers		      21
      Performance Highlights   22
      Financial Report         24
      Operations Report        26



2                                                                                    Caring is our calling
                                                                                                               WELCOME




         Bringing
         care to                Welcome to our 2022 Annual Report


         communities            Our annual report is geared toward our current and future investors, but
                                we recognise there are other stakeholders who will be interested in Radius
                                Care’s performance and prospects.

                                We have outlined the Company’s financial and non-financial performance
                                for the 12 months to 31 March 2022, and illustrated how we are delivering
                                our strategy.

                                We have divided the people section of the report into the three chapters
                                of Home, Community and Care, to demonstrate how our staff care for our
                                residents, families and communities in their day-to-day activities.

                                These groups breathe life into Radius Care’s motto: Caring is our calling.

                                Radius Care is committed to expanding our environmental, social and
                                governance activities. With our people we are building a programme of
                                initiatives that is broadly defined as a sustainability programme. In this
                                report we describe the foundations of this programme and where we will
                                go over the next 12 months with the non-financial aspects of Radius Care’s
                                business operations.

                                This Annual Report and Financial Statements is part of a group of
                                documents that describe our progress and activities in FY22. The 2022
                                Annual Results pack is available at the Investors section of the Radius Care
                                website (www.radiuscare.co.nz). The 2022 Annual Meeting pack will also be
                                available there once released.

                                We welcome your feedback, thoughts and suggestions. Please send any
                                questions or comments to investors@radiuscare.co.nz.

                                This report is dated 28 June 2022. The report has been approved by the Board
                                and is signed on behalf of Radius Residential Care Limited by Brien Cree,
                                Executive Chair, and Hamish Stevens, Director.




                                Brien Cree                 Hamish Stevens




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                        3
HOME, COMMUNITY & CARE




    Home is different for
    everyone. What makes
    a home is that intimate
    connection to who and what
    is around us.




    Our home
    is their home
    When a person moves into Radius Care, we welcome
    them to their new home. We provide our residents with
    medical and care support to keep them safe, warm and
    well. And we go above and beyond to enrich their lives
    by fostering new friendships, engaging them in new
    activities, and celebrating their achievements.




4                                                            Caring is our calling
                                                         HOME, COMMUNITY & CARE




                                “Treating residents with
                                 respect comes with
                                 respecting their routines
                                 and their previous lives
                                 before coming here. We
                                 foster their family time and
                                 they bring their lives, their
                                 knick-knacks, their photos
                                with them. If they’ve got
                                 small pets, we aim to look
                                 after them too. It’s fitting
                                 in around the resident,
                                 not the resident fitting in
                                 around you.”
                                – Emma Venables
                                 Clinical Co-ordinator
                                 Radius Taupaki Gables




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                 5
HOME, COMMUNITY & CARE




                                                                “When I visited the home and met the
                                                                 activities team, I knew then I had been
                                                                 directed to the right place. The room
                                                                was wonderfully light and bright with a
                                                                 low window looking into the garden.
                                                                My mother was reluctant at the age of
                                                                99 to move from her own home into
                                                                 care, however she adapted remarkably
                                                                well within a short time - as she has
                                                                 done throughout her life. She is a
                                                                treasure and the most wonderful role
                                                                 model at the age of 101.”
                                                                – Pauline Firth
                                                                  Daughter of a Radius Care resident




             Three women at Radius Baycare celebrated their 100th birthday together this year.
             Having formed strong friendships with one another while living at Baycare, all three
             were excited to celebrate this significant milestone together.

6                                                                                                      Caring is our calling
                                                                                         HOME, COMMUNITY & CARE




                                There are many examples of how residents get involved in day-
                                to-day life. At many homes, baking and preparing food such as a
                                warm winter soup allows the residents to participate in nourishing
                                themselves and the others they live with. Together our residents
                                celebrate one another’s milestone birthdays and important
                                wedding anniversaries – often crafting the decorations for the day.

                                Together, we build a true home for residents, full of comfort,
                                security and pleasure.




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                 7
HOME, COMMUNITY & CARE




    Community
    Central to human experience
    Radius Care homes are
    deeply embedded in and
    supported by the local
    communities around
    them. We help our older
    and disabled Kiwis to
    not just live in their local
    community, but be a big
    part of it.




8                                  Caring is our calling
                                                                                           HOME, COMMUNITY & CARE




                  “The radio show is by, for and about
                 the fabulous people at Radius Fulton
                       and it's a fantastic expression of
                  their talents and personalities. It's so
                 important because the hosts have so
                much wisdom and life experience to
                   share, often delivered with a cheeky
                  sense of humour. And the music still
                    sounds great! There's been so many
            changes in mainstream media in the past
                ten years that commercial stations no
              longer target older audiences. It's up to                      The Fulton Home Residents
                public media and Community Access                         Show on OAR FM Dunedin has
               Stations to provide entertainment and                     been regularly broadcast since
                                                                             2005. Residents Jimmy and
               connection for our older citizens. It’s a                  Kelvin are currently the show's
                                         joy to listen to!”                    main stars, specialising in
                                                                        playing music from the 40s, 50s,
                                                      – Lesley Paris      and 60s that many of the older
                                Station Manager at Otago Access Radio                   generation miss.



Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                   9
HOME, COMMUNITY & CARE




                     Foodbank donations
                     from Radius Althorp



      From local schools and day cares, to
      community radio stations and vintage
      car clubs, each facility fosters rich
      relationships with its neighbourhood.
      This allows residents to have varied
      interactions with people from
      different walks of life as well as to
      experience the joy of playing with
      children, babies and animals. Staff
      benefit too, as being part of their
      local community keeps their work day
      engaging and meaningful.




              “I believe the way I help is important
       because I have developed a friendship with
         many of the residents and their families. I
      can and do talk to family members who are
          having trouble adjusting to the situation
             they find themself in. The families see
        that I am dealing with the same issues and
                      therefore know how they feel.
         I find this really rewarding because I love
     seeing people enjoying themselves and using
      skills they used a long time ago. I really love
                  being a part of the residents' lives.”
                                                – Lyn Bridger
              Volunteer at Radius Thornleigh Park, New Plymouth




10                                                                Caring is our calling
                                                                                                   HOME, COMMUNITY & CARE




 The preschool wrote
Valentine’s Day cards
  for the residents of
  Radius St Helenas.




                                                                                   “Connecting to the
                                                                   wider community is very important
                      to us. The staff at Radius St Helenas helped by meeting us halfway, despite the
            difficulties and limitations the pandemic has brought us. Seeing children is really good
               for the residents, because it brings back memories and builds new connections. It’s a
               very good brain activity, because it taps into experiences for the residents, like social
              exposure, communication opportunities, behaviour regulation, and recollection and
           reconnection exercises. It makes their heart fill with joy and excitement. The children
                                                 also loved the preparation [of cards] and felt excited.”
                                                                                                   – Maria Guia
                                                                  Teacher at Little House Montessori, Christchurch.




           Radius Care residents give back
           in many ways. Our residents
           knit blankets to donate to new
           mothers, they sort items for
           sale at the Salvation Army,
           and they sew bandanas to
           fundraise money for cancer
           research. Participating in
           fundraising and random acts
           of kindness promotes a deep
           sense of purpose.

           Our full range of accommodation
           and care options offer residents
           the pathway to ‘age in place’ –
           keeping them part of their
           immediate and wider community.




  Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                        11
HOME, COMMUNITY & CARE




                              Caring is
                             our calling
                         It’s a statement that defines the purpose for our team.

                                        It’s the reason we exist.




12                                                                                 Caring is our calling
                                                                                            HOME, COMMUNITY & CARE




        “A big thank you to all
        the staff who patiently
        and kindly take care of
        us. They give part of
        their lives so that our
        lives can be better than
        they would be.”
        – Resident
          Radius Fulton, Dunedin




                                                                       “We’re looking for people
                                                                       who value family and put the
                                                                        elderly above everyone else.
                                                                       People who are going to care
                                                                        for the residents as if they
                                                                       were caring for their own
                                                                        family member, and treat
                                                                       them with respect and the
                                                                        dignity that they deserve.”
                                                                       – Laurel Winwood,
                                                                        Facility Manager
                                                                        Radius Taupaki Gables




                                   Residents at Radius Waipuna
                                   with their artworks, prior to the
                                    Waipuna Art Exhibition 2021



Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                   13
HOME, COMMUNITY & CARE




     “Diversional Therapy is important
      as this helps improve the residents’
      quality of life and allows the
      individuals to feel empowered.
     It enables them to continue to
      enjoy the activities they did before
      coming into an aged care facility
      or to try new opportunities. They
      can gain a feeling of self-worth,
      remain independent, feel successful
      in their achievements while being
      productive in the activities they
      enjoy or after trying a new activity.”
     – Lee Heron
        Diversional Therapist
        Radius Elloughton Gardens




                                               With a focus on high acuity
                                               and specialist care, our
                                               medical and non-medical staff
                                               work as a team, alongside
                                               families, to meet the specific
                                               needs of the individuals in
                                               our care.

                                               Our services include hospital,
                                               dementia, psychogeriatric,
                                               physical and intellectual
                                               care, all of which are
                                               crucial to a country with an
                                               ageing population.

                                               We care for younger New
                                               Zealanders with disabilities
                                               too, ensuring they have an
                                               excellent quality of life.




14                                                                       Caring is our calling
                                                                                        HOME, COMMUNITY & CARE




        "I have a very high and warm
         opinion of the staff. The nurses
         are very thorough and astute.
        The staff by the same token are
        very responsive. They all display
         love and warm affection as they
         administer their duties. They
         all show love and kindness
         and are very gentle with my
         sweetheart.”
        – Tamati
           Partner of a Radius Care resident




                                Husband of a resident
                                at Radius Elloughton
                                Gardens who made thank
                                you gifts for the staff.




                                                           "I had taken a photo of my mother and
                                                           youngest daughters hands together and
                                                            decided what a lovely idea for a Mothers
                                                            Day gift, whether they were a mum
                                                            or not. When I requested their [the
                                                            residents’] photo, I told them it was
                                                            going to be a surprise. Their gifts were
                                                            laminated and given to them, and placed
                                                            on their walls for family and friends to
                                                            admire and read. Family members have
                                                            loved the result and thanked me very
                                                            much for the wonderful thought."
                                                           – Lee Heron
                                                            Diversional Therapist
                                                            Radius Elloughton Gardens




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                               15
CHAIR AND CEO REPORT




       Letter from the Chair and the Chief Executive



     Building on strong foundations
      We are delighted to present the annual report     In the past several years, Radius Care’s Board and
                                                        management focus has been directed to building a
      for the year ended 31 March 2022 for Radius
                                                        property-based growth springboard. During the 2022
      Residential Care Limited.                         financial year the strong property theme was brought
                                                        into stark focus with a very significant strategic shift
      This is Radius Care’s second annual report as     delivering a step change for our business.

      a listed company. Given the turmoil that the      Three significant property transactions over a
      past two years have presented to all of us we     10-month period have significantly strengthened
                                                        our property portfolio and delivered a substantial
      are delighted to report our company is in good    boost to our development bank. These changes put
      heart. Much of the credit for this must go to     Radius Care in a strong position for delivering an
      our team who every day deliver wonderful          acceleration in growth in the medium term. By owning
                                                        a majority of facilities we have been able to open the
      care to our residents. Despite the ever-present
                                                        tap on a sizeable property development bank that had
      concerns about Covid, illnesses wreaking          previously been out of our reach.
      havoc with rosters and our team members’
                                                        The year has also been notable for some key executive
      personal situations often requiring them to       appointments being made. Andrew Peskett is our
      also take care of family members, they’re an      new Chief Executive and Wendy Jenkins will join us
      incredible group of people. On behalf of the      in July 2022 in the new role of Chief Financial Officer.
                                                        Andrew and Wendy’s significant sector and business
      Board, we want to publicly acknowledge the        experience will be of considerable benefit as they lead
      dedication of each and every member of the        the delivery of Radius Care’s strategy going forward.
      Radius Care team. Thank you.
                                                        People and Care
                                                        Our people
                                                        The 2022 financial year was one that can only be
                                                        described as very challenging for our staff. Our people
                                                        became experienced in the prior year in relation to
                                                        nasal testing, wearing full PPE and isolating. In the
                                                        2022 financial year it became just plain hard work to
                                                        continue to maintain high clinical standards and a calm
                                                        demeanour in order to protect our residents and other
                                                        staff members from COVID-19. It’s a testament to our
                                                        team and their dedication to caring for our residents
                                                        that they continued to excel in their jobs irrespective
                                                        of the various challenges provided by lockdowns.
                                                        Rostering pressures as colleagues isolated and supply
                                                        chain disruptions placed further pressures on the
                                                        team. We’re delighted to report that our residents and
                                                        staff have come through the past 12 months having
                                                        met the challenges and overcome them.




16                                                                                                                 Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                                   CHAIR AND CEO REPORT




                                         Brien Cree                             Andrew Peskett




         New Zealand labour market pressures                                        Strategy
         Alongside the pressures created by the relentless presence of
         COVID-19, the state of the New Zealand labour market imposed               Market drivers
         additional unnecessary burdens. With the country’s borders                New Zealand’s aging population and increasing levels
         closed, the New Zealand healthcare industry was unable to draw            of dependency are key drivers of demand for both aged
         from the pool of well qualified immigrants wanting to move to New         care and retirement villages services. Whilst the 65 to 85
         Zealand, on whom we have been able to rely for many years.                year age bracket (the retirement village demographic) is
                                                                                   currently experiencing peak levels of population growth,
         Even when the New Zealand Government finally announced a
                                                                                   the strongest growth is expected to be ahead for the 85+
         re-opening of the border from early July 2022, it was determined
                                                                                   year age bracket (the aged care demographic).
         that only healthcare professionals with advanced qualifications
         would qualify for entry with a fast-track to residency. As an             New Zealanders’ average life expectancies continue to
         employer in need of well qualified and experienced healthcare             increase and between 1996 and 2013 advanced by 5.1
         staff, it is incredibly frustrating that the Government not only          years for males and 3.5 years for females. The number of
         requires potential workers to wait for two years before applying          years with dependency over the same time period has
         for residency, but also requires that, should the person come to          also increased by 3.7 years for males and 3.4 years for
         New Zealand with a partner, that partner will need to qualify for an      females respectively.
         Accredited Employer Work Visa in their own right.
                                                                                   Given the outlook for steady long-term market growth,
         Along with our industry peers, we are lobbying the Government to          Radius Care’s strategy sees it well-placed to benefit
         take another look at these decisions. The policy setting is neither       from the market drivers. The strategy’s four pillars guide
         helpful nor defensible in addressing the critical worker shortage         everything that is undertaken at an asset optimisation
         Radius Care and the New Zealand aged care sector currently                level and builds on the track record that has been
         face. There is no clear logic to justify the Government’s decisions.      established over more than 18 years of providing aged
                                                                                   care services.
         Despite these challenges, we are in a relatively good position,
         welcoming staff from ten different countries who had already
         arrived in New Zealand, with others set to arrive in
         early July. We look forward to welcoming them and
         providing the support they will need when they move
         to New Zealand to join the Radius Care team.                            “I want to acknowledge our 1,600+ team
                                                                               members who have gone above and beyond
         Care funding
         Like other aged care providers, we continue to
                                                                            through this year, especially in response to the
         express our concerns to the Ministry of Health                    enormous challenges presented by COVID-19.
         about the level of funding provided to the industry.
         The aging profile of New Zealand’s population                         Continuing to provide high quality care for
         has been well known for many years. In our view                     our residents through such challenging times,
         Government funding of the aged care sector is
         falling substantially short. Additional Government                   recognising that our residents include some
         funding would help to recruit and retain our valuable                    of New Zealand’s highest needs patients,
         work force.
                                                                                               was exceptional. Thank you.”
                                                                                                     – Andrew Peskett, Chief Executive




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                        17
CHAIR & CEO REPORT




       Strategic Pillars




        Purchase strategically                    Leverage our strong             Leverage our strong                 Continue our successful
           important facilities                greenfield development           brownfield development                    track record of
       already operated but not                capabilities, shifting to a      capabilities to undertake            undertaking opportunistic
       owned, providing greater               model where Radius Care                value accretive                 acquisitions of attractive
          control to undertake                not only operates the new          facility extensions and                aged care facilities
            value-enhancing                    facilities but also funds            reconfigurations.                 and retirement villages,
               initiatives.                      the development and                                                  where Radius Care both
                                               retains ownership of the                                                 operates and owns
                                                   land and buildings.                                                 the acquired facilities
                                                                                                                            and villages.




      The three significant property transactions undertaken between            Independent living units
      mid-2021 and May 2022 were directly driven by our strategy.               Radius Care has traditionally been a provider of care
      Two of the transactions saw the acquisition of the land and               beds rather than offering facilities with a fully integrated
      buildings at leased facilities. All of the facilities offer Radius Care   care offering. The independent living unit segment of
      the opportunity to add additional care beds and, in some cases            our business has been a beneficiary of the property
      independent living units, to the existing property.                       transactions undertaken during the year. With the
                                                                                purchase of Clare House in Invercargill, our inventory of
      The third transaction was the acquisition of a fully operational          units increased to 101 from 76. Our development bank has
      facility from a third party, again with the potential to add              grown to 96 from 40 units.
      additional care beds and units.
                                                                                Our intention is to increasingly move to our facilities
                                                                                offering care beds, care suites, apartments and villas.
       Property
                                                                                Care Suites
       Portfolio changes
                                                                                We have previously signalled that a care suite product
       Radius Care started the 2022 financial year with 22 facilities of        will be added to the range of room types we offer our
       which 3 were owned and 19 leased. Within the space of 10 months          residents. The care suite is an entirely new product and is
       from the acquisition of the Ohaupo properties, the portfolio             based on the sale of an Occupation Rights Agreement to
       increased to 23 facilities of which 12 are owned and 11 leased.          the resident.
      We now have facilities between the Bay of Islands in the north            Our target is that a majority of beds in our 329-bed
      and Invercargill in the south.                                            development pipeline will be care suites. The first suites
      Our strategy sees us intentionally moving to owning the land and          will be available in the second half of FY24 at Lexham
      buildings of a very significant proportion of our facilities. Many        Park in Katikati. Northwood, the new facility to be built at
      of the properties in our portfolio offer the potential for additional     Belfast, Christchurch will also offer care suites. Some 165
      rooms to be added and new wings built. Much of this development           care suites will be available at these two facilities. Another
      can be done without adding significant additional fixed overhead          80 to 100 suites will then progressively be made available
      or non-contributing infrastructure, driving an increased margin           initially at Arran Court, St Joans, Peppertree and Fulton.
      earned on a facility.

       Bed numbers
       Our bed numbers increased to 1,784 from 1,715. In addition to
       these our development pipeline increased to 329 beds from 104.

      Some 87% of Radius Care’s beds are certified for high acuity care.
      This compares with an industry average of 61% being certified for
      high acuity and specialist care. In 2022, 68% of bed nights were
      used by high acuity patients compared with an industry average
      of around 53%.



18                                                                                                                                        Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                                   CHAIR & CEO REPORT




         Capital Management                                                     of roles, including as Acting CEO, and played a significant
                                                                                role in the transition of Metlifecare from listed to private
         Equity issue                                                           ownership under its new owners, EQT.
         The acquisition of the land and buildings from Ohaupo Holdings         Andrew has appointed Wendy Jenkins to the new role
         Limited in mid-2021 was funded through a share issue together          of Chief Financial Officer. Wendy will join us in July
         with an increased banking facility with ASB.                           2022 from ASB where she has been GM Management
         The share issue raised approximately $48.2m. A placement               Information. She previously held GM roles at Genesis
         to institutional investors, high net worth investors and retail        Energy and has an MBA from Macquarie Graduate School.
         investors raised $30m of the total, achieving a key objective of
         diversifying Radius Care’s share register. The retail offer was
                                                                                Outlook
         oversubscribed by shareholders. Some $10m of shares were
         issued to Ohaupo Holdings Limited shareholders, the vendor of          Delivery of a strong performance in FY2023 is the Board’s
         the land and buildings.                                                highest priority in order to generate benefits from the
                                                                                significant incremental changes that have been made to
         Dividends                                                              the Radius Care portfolio in the past 15 months.

         Radius Care’s dividend policy is to target a pay-out ratio of 50% to   Since June 2021, eight facilities that were previously
         70% of full financial year available funds from operations (AFFO).     leased have come under Radius Care ownership and
         An interim dividend is expected to be paid in December and a           an additional property has been secured to allow us to
         final dividend to be paid in June of each year. Each dividend will     purchase it at a future time. Settlement of four of these
         comprise approximately half of the expected full year dividend.        properties took place on 6 May 2022.

         The Board has distributed 67.5% of FY22 AFFO as cash dividends.        We remain focused on executing our growth strategy. We
         A gross final dividend of 0.76 cents per share has been paid,          will continue to ensure our residents receive exceptional
         making a total gross dividend for FY22 of 1.46 cents per share. The    care and ensure day-to-day operations are run
         dividend will be fully imputed.                                        efficiently and in line with contract requirements. Where
                                                                                opportunities to expand the business present themselves,
                                                                                they will be carefully assessed and vigorously pursued
         Governance                                                             where they match our strategic criteria. The continued
                                                                                execution of our growth strategy is an exciting prospect
         Board and management
                                                                                for both the Executive Team and the Board.
         In February 2022, Tim Sumner retired from the Board, having
         joined in 2014 as Knox Investment Partners became a shareholder
         and appointed him as their representative.

         Andrew Peskett was appointed Chief Executive in February 2022.
         Andrew joined us as Special Projects Lead in November 2021
                                                                                Brien Cree                      Andrew Peskett
         and the Board was delighted to be able to then appoint him as
                                                                                EXECUTIVE CHAIR                 CHIEF EXECUTIVE
         CEO. Andrew had more than 14 years at Metlifecare in a variety




             “I would like to thank my fellow
               Directors, the Chief Executive
                and the management team for
              their exemplary contribution to
                 the Company. To our Radius
                 Care staff, thank you for your
            contribution and commitment to
           helping the delivery of Exceptional
                     People, Exceptional Care.”
                                – Brien Cree, Executive Chair



Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                      19
AT A GLANCE




       At a Glance
       Management Appointments                         May 2022
                                                       Settlement of UCG
                                                       acquisition consisting
                                                       of four strategic leased
                                                       sites in Auckland, Hamilton,
                                                       Palmerston North and
                                                       Dunedin with an option to buy
                                                       a fifth leased site in Hamilton.
      CEO                 CFO
      Andrew Peskett      Wendy Jenkins




                                               Northland


                                                                                          August 2021
                       Auckland                        Bay of Plenty                      Settlement of Ohaupo
                                                                                          acquisition consisting
                                                                                          of four strategic leased
                            Waikato
                                                                                          sites in Auckland, Waikato,
                                                                                          Taranaki and Canterbury.

                   Taranaki
                                                            Hawkes Bay


                                                         Manawatu




                                                                                  November 2021
                                                                                  Acquisition of Clare House, an
                                  Canterbury
                                                                                  integrated care facility and
                                                                                  retirement village with 69 care
                                                                                  beds and 25 ORA units.
                              Otago


                                                                                           Due to be Completed by
                Southland                              1,780+
                                                                                           December 2022
                                           Beds
                                                                                           Development of 24 Care Beds
                                                                                           at Radius Thornleigh Park in
                                                       1,600+                              New Plymouth on track.
                                           Employees



20                                                                                                                  Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                            HOW WE’RE CREATING VALUE




         Our value
         drivers
                                                                         People
                                                                         Upskilling, professional
                                                                         development, and training creates
                                                                         exceptional people. Identifying
                                                                         new talent, and retaining existing,
                                                                         leads to growth.
              Innovation
              Elevating our employee
              experience with Bamboo HR,
              Development of Florence check-in
              kiosk and new financial integration.



                                                                                                                   Sustainabilit y
                                                                                                                   Utilising and creating
                                                                                                                   technologies and the efficient
                                                                                                                   use of resources reduces our
                                                                                                                   carbon footprint.




      Financial C apital
      and Resources
      Maximising the effective use of
      our financial capital to deliver
      strong financial performance by
      having the right systems and the                                                                         Assets and
      best people.                                                                                             D evelopment
                                                                                                               Acquiring facilities, villages and
                                                                                                               leased properties, as well as the
                                                                                                               development of existing properties.

                                                     Customer and
                                                     Stakeholder
                                                     Relationships
                                                     Further strengthening
                                                     relationships with families
                                                     and residents, regulators and
                                                     suppliers. Ensuring stakeholders
                                                     share our values of courage,
                                                     commitment and compassion.




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                        21
PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS




      Operating Statistics
      AS AT 31 MARCH 2 02 2 C O M PARED TO 3 1 M ARC H 2 0 2 1




          1,600+                                                              1,784                     101
                                                                                                        I N DE P E N DE N T L I V I N G
            TE AM                                                              AG E D CA R E B E DS 1
                                                                                                        U N I TS
            Up from 1,500+                                                     Up from 1,715            Up from 76




           8
           12 as at 31 May 2022
                                                                              329                       98
                                                                               CAR E B E DS             I N DE P E N DE N T L I V I N G
           OW NED FACILI T I ES                                                PIPELINE                 PIPELINE
            Up from 3                                                          Up from 104              Up from 40




           92.5%                                                              199
            AVER AGE BED                                                       CAR E S U I T E S
            OCCUPANCY 2                                                        PIPELINE
            Up from 92.4%                                                      Up from 30




      1. Comprises Care Beds occupied, available to be occupied or unavailable due to refurbishment.
      2. Total occupied Care Bed days divided by total Care Bed days available during the period.




22                                                                                                                                        Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                                                                             PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS




        Financial Statistics
         AS AT 31 MARCH 2 02 2 C O M PARED TO 3 1 M ARC H 2 0 2 1




               $19.9k                                                             $83.9m                                                              $14.6m
               UND ERLY ING E B I T DA           1                                 G OV E R N ME N T R E V E N U E                                     DI R ECT P R I VAT E R E V E N UE 3
               PER CARE BED 2
               Up from $19.5k                                                      Up from $78.0m                                                      Up from $13.8m




               $135.9m                                                            $4.2m                                                              1.46cps
               TOTAL RE VENUE                                                      AF FO    4
                                                                                                                                                       DI V I DE N D


               Up from $126.0m                                                     Up from $3.7m                                                       No change




               $290m                                                              $30m
               TOTAL ASSETS                                                        BAN K LOA N S


               Up from $273m                                                       Up from $27.2m




         1. Underlying earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) is a non-GAAP measure. The calculation of this measure is provided at pages 47-49 of this report.
         2. Underlying EBITDA for aged care divided by average number of Care Beds occupied during the period.
         3. Includes accommodation supplements, retirement village revenues, Radius Online Shop revenue and other privately paid revenue.
         4. Available Funds From Operations is a non-GAAP measure. The calculation of this measure is provided on pages 47-49 of this report.




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                                                                    23
FINANCIAL REPORT




      Financial Report



      Excellent metrics achieved
       Radius Care exceeded its prior   Financial performance
       year key metrics despite the     Radius Care’s revenue is derived largely from providing care services to
       challenges presented.            residents for which it receives contracted payments from district health
                                        boards (DHB) together with revenue paid directly by residents. Deferred
                                        management fees from Occupation Right Agreements comprise a relatively
                                        small proportion of overall revenue.

                                        Total revenue for FY22 was $135.9m, an increase of 7.8% over the prior year.

                                        Accommodation supplements revenue was $6.8m, up from $5.6m in the
                                        prior year. Accommodation supplements are paid directly by residents for
                                        room features above the Government recommended minimum standard
                                        (e.g., larger room, ensuite, view or both).

                                        Direct private revenue overall, which comprises accommodation
                                        supplements, retirement village revenues, Radius Care Online Shop
                                        revenue and other privately paid revenues, was $14.6m, up from $13.8m. It
                                        represented 10.8% of overall revenue compared with 11.0% in the prior year.

                                        Total operating expenses including depreciation were $132.9m, up from
                                        $124.0m in the prior year. Labour continues to be the single biggest
                                        expense category. In FY22 employee costs were $82.4m compared with
                                        $74.5m for FY21.

                                        Underlying EBITDA for the year was $22.3m, slightly lower than the $23.4m
                                        earned in FY21. It is a non-GAAP measure that provides an indication of
                                        the operating performance of the business by excluding depreciation,
                                        interest and tax.

                                        Profit after tax for the year was $2.7m, a 57% increase on the
                                        $1.7m reported for FY21.

                                        Available funds from operations (AFFO) was $4.2m compared with $3.7m in
                                        the prior year. AFFO is a measure commonly used by property companies to
                                        provide an indicator of their ability to pay dividends to shareholders.




       TOTAL RE VENUE IN C RE ASE       DI R ECT P R I VAT E R E V E N U E




       7.8%
                                         15%


                                         10%                                                             10.8%


                                          5%
                                                    3.4%
                                          0%
                                                FY13 FY14 FY15 FY16 FY17 FY18 FY19 FY20 FY21 FY22




24                                                                                                               Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                                                                                 FINANCIAL REPORT




                                                                                                R A DI U S OC C U PA N CY




                                                                                                  92%
         Balance sheet
         Radius Care had total assets of $290m as at 31 March 2022.
         Right-of-use assets, representing leased properties, totalled
         $134m. Land and buildings owned by Radius Care are valued at
         $56.1m, up from $18.3m as at 31 March 2021.
                                                                                                ve rsus t he in du st r y ave rage of 86%
         Borrowings at 31 March 2022 were $30m, up from $27.2m at the
         end of the prior year.

         The Ohaupo transaction was funded from the $48.2m raised from                          95.0%
                                                                                                                             93.7%
         the issue of new shares to shareholders in July 2021.                                  94.0%
                                                                                                                  92.7%
                                                                                                                                         93.4%
                                                                                                                                                  93.1%
                                                                                                93.0%                                                                   92.3%
                                                                                                                                                                92.0%                92.0%
                                                                                                92.0%
                                                                                                        91.0%

         Cashflow
                                                                             Occupancy rate %
                                                                                                91.0%

                                                                                                90.0%
         Net cash provided from operating activities was $9.9m compared                         89.0%
         with $14.5m in the prior year.                                                         88.0%
                                                                                                                    88.0%    87.8%
                                                                                                                                         87.2%    87.3%
                                                                                                        86.8%
                                                                                                87.0%                                                                   86.2%
         At $52.8m, cash used in investing activities was substantially                                                                                      86.1%
                                                                                                                                                                                     85.8%
                                                                                                86.0%
         higher than in FY21 as a result of the Ohaupo and                                      85.0%
         Clare House transactions.                                                                      Jun-20    Sep-20     Dec-20      Mar-21   Jun-21    Sep-21      Dec-21       Mar-22


                                                                                                                 Radius Care (monthly)                Industry average (quarterly)
         The equity issue that funded these transactions resulted in cash
         provided from financing activities increasing to $42.2m.

         The overall net change in cash for FY22 was a reduction of $0.7m.




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                                                                 25
OPERATIONS REPORT




      Operations Report



      Many people, many roles
          Inclusion and diversity
      Radius Care celebrates the diversity of its staff, of which a large
      percentage join us from all over the world. We welcome new
      people into the our community by learning and sharing their
      customs as well as our own. Because healthcare workers from
      overseas are a large part of our workforce, our goal is to make
      every employee feel welcome in their new home.

          Initiatives in this space include:

      •        Celebrating key cultural festivals including Matariki, Diwali
               and Chinese New Year. Our facilities hold celebrations and
               events where staff dress in their cultural attire, share food
               and even dance. This is a wonderful opportunity for our
               staff to share a special part of their identity, and educate
               residents and fellow employees on their culture.

      •        A pastoral care programme. The Radius Care People team
               developed a programme to help overseas employees feel
               welcome and enjoy what Radius Care has to offer. When it
               hires new people from overseas, the programme provides
               them with information and guidance to help them settle and
               connect with key cultural groups within their community.

      •        Progression. We want to ensure each employee is in the best
                                                                                    TR A I N I N G A N D U P S K I L L I N G
               possible position to excel and progress, which is why we
               have developed leadership and staff training modules. These
               focus on enhancing cross-cultural communication with
               employees from diverse backgrounds and fostering positive
                                                                                   185                                 23
                                                                                    STAFF COMPLETING                   STAFF
               working relationships based on mutual trust and respect.             H E ALTH & WELLB EING              COMPLETING
                                                                                    QUALIFICATIONS                     APPRENTICESH I P S

      COVID-19
      Radius Care has proudly risen to the challenges posed over the
      last year with COVID-19, and the lock downs in continuing its
      commitment to “Caring is our calling”. Our staff, residents and          Regulatory developments
      families have worked together to manage through the strict               The new NZ Health and Disability Sector Standards (in
      infection control procedures and at times the need to pause              place since February 2022) requires a full review of all
      visiting either a wing or the facility.                                  policies and procedures over a period of 18 months to
                                                                               ensure that all aspects of the business reflects Te Tiriti
      The team have had to work in personal protective equipment
                                                                               o Waitangi. Our efforts and work focus on ensuring
      ranging from surgical masks, to N95 masks and full PPE when
                                                                               that we provide a partnership of care framework with
      required. This in itself has added extra pressure on the staff.
                                                                               families/whanau, residents and facilities on a platform of
      Needless to say, residents and their families have been very
                                                                               shared goals.
      supportive and appreciative of how Radius has handled the
      pandemic. Regular communication with families was supported              The End of Life Choice Act 2019 is also an area our team
      through communication tools such as WhatsApp, Skype and                  have had to understand and become familiar with. The
      Zoom to enable, even though it never beats a real visit, families to     Chief Ombudsman will also continue to monitor the rights
      keep in touch.                                                           of disabled people in dementia units ensuring they are
                                                                               respected and protected.




26                                                                                                                                     Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                          OPERATIONS REPORT




                                                                                                         We are
                                Rostering
                                Shift work can take its toll on wellbeing and family life. Through our
                                employee satisfaction and pulse surveys, Radius Care discovered
                                that rostering is the main area our team feel is directly linked to
                                                                                                         EPEC
                                                                                                         Exceptional People
                                their wellbeing. We now create rosters that suit the lifestyle of        Exceptional Care
                                each individual employee. We have partnered with a company
                                that uses artificial intelligence to create rosters. These factor
                                in business needs as well as individual preferences. It is a pilot
                                programme, but we aim to have it implemented across all our                       Courageous
                                facilities by the end of the year.


                                Recruiting Registered Nurses                                                      Caring
                                Recruiting Registered Nurses is an area of priority due to
                                the national nursing shortage. As a solution, Radius Care
                                is working on a programme to bring in overseas Registered
                                                                                                                  Compassionate
                                Nurses as healthcare assistants. We aim to provide them with a
                                rewarding workplace and welcome support to enter and excel at
                                Competency Assessment Programmes.


                                Wellbeing days
                                The past two years have been challenging for the Radius Care
                                team, and the need to manage COVID-19 exacerbated the issue.
                                We acknowledged our employees for going the extra mile by
                                providing free healthy food options to support energy levels,
                                direct support from leadership teams, and wellbeing days to give
                                our team the chance to rest, relax and recuperate. Our people
                                make Radius Care possible.




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                            27
DEVELOPMENTS




      Developments



      Growth and green spaces
      Radius Care’s ongoing success and future                              Radius Taupaki Gables
      growth depend on our ability to provide                               Situated in West Auckland near the Waitakere Ranges,
      rooms, beds and the care that our aging                               Taupaki Gables is a picturesque spot a mere 30 minutes’
                                                                            drive from Auckland’s CBD. Its expected completion is late
      population needs. That all requires land and                          2023 and the necessary council consents are under way.
      the development of that land into spaces
                                                                            We have identified that the community suffers from a
      and facilities that make life comfortable                             shortage of high-quality care beds. Given the facility’s
      and enjoyable.                                                        strong occupancy and a great management team, it was
                                                                            a prime target for expansion. While Radius Taupaki Gables
      But it’s not just about growth. There is a shortage of beds in New
                                                                            is a relatively small, boutique care facility, there’s space
      Zealand and many of those who would find comfort in having full
                                                                            to add another 20 beds to the facility while retaining its
      time care are being left behind. Through this caring lens, we have
                                                                            green spaces and landscaped grounds.
      focused our development efforts on increasing the number of
      care beds, as well as premium care suites, in both brownfield and
      greenfield developments.                                              Greenfield Development Site – Northwood
      Radius Care utilises a research and data led approach to land         Radius Care is also building a significant retirement
      development and extensively investigates areas for demand.            village and aged care facility in Belfast. The project
      It makes its development decisions by also reviewing a local          is in its early stages and is progressing in line with
      area’s care needs.                                                    expectations and with the support of the local community.
                                                                            Resource consent is granted and building consents are
                                                                            progressing, Its completion is currently set for 2025
      Radius Lexham Park                                                    though may be adjusted.
      Developments at Lexham Park are progressing and the securing
                                                                            The retirement village site is located in a larger
      of consents is ongoing. The development is on track and within
                                                                            development with exceptionally close access to amenities
      budgetary expectations. The Katikati development will represent
                                                                            including a supermarket, school, new residential
      a significant addition of high-quality care beds to the area, where
                                                                            properties and more. The site is close to The Groynes
      there is a shortage. When complete, 41 care suites will be added
                                                                            recreational area which has lots of walking tracks, picnic
      to the facility with delivery expected late 2023 to early 2024. The
                                                                            areas, playgrounds, dog exercise parks and is a relatively
      location is wonderful with sweeping views of the countryside,
                                                                            short drive to the airport or city centre. When complete,
      close proximity to the township and with enough space to retain
                                                                            the Belfast retirement village will have 67 independent
      manicured, landscaped grounds for all to enjoy.
                                                                            living villas and 27 apartments. The aged care facility will
                                                                            house 100 beds including 30 care suites.

                                                                            Radius Care has several additional development projects
                                                                            under way with key milestones such as resource consents
                                                                            or ground works approaching in the next 12 months.
                        Radius Care’s premium care suites
                        provide a greater level of amenities,
                        rooms are larger and may even
                        include a separate bedroom suite.
       CARE             Care suites provide residents an
       SUITES           easier transition from their previous
                        dwelling, and realise a continuity
                        of care model where residents
                        can have a higher level of amenity
                        where possible.




28                                                                                                                                 Caring is our calling
                                                DEVELOPMENTS




                   Lexham Park
                   K ATIK ATI

                   Due to commence
                   August 2022


                   41
                   Care Suites




                  Taupaki Gables
                   AUCKL AND

                   Due to commence
                   September 2022

                   20
                   Care Beds




                   Northwood
                   CH RISTCH URC H

                   Due to commence first
                   quarter 2023


                    67           100
                    Villas        Care Beds

                    27            INCLUDING


                    Apartments
                                  30
                                  Care Suites




Radius Residential Care AR’22                             29
SUSTAINABILITY




       Sustainability



       A sustainable strategy
       As a business that provides employment to over 1,600 people, buys goods and
       services from more than 3,500 businesses and, in the past twelve months, delivered
       care to more than 3,015 people, Radius Care has a responsibility to act as a good
       corporate citizen with an eye on ensuring long term sustainability.




                                                   Our residents will receive exceptional care whether they are
                                      We want to   in a care facility for a recovery period, their long-term living
                                                   arrangements are in Radius Care’s hands or they choose to live in
                                                   one of our independent living units.
           Offer our residents’ families and
         their friends a welcoming and safe        Over the next 12 months we want to introduce a specific focus
                 environment when they visit.      on our sustainability initiatives. We are at a relatively early stage
                                                   in our programme, however there is a deep level of commitment
                                                   across the business. We are seeking to learn, to gather feedback
                                                   and to find areas where we can improve our processes as we
           Ensure our suppliers are paid on        build a framework that will guide us as we go forward.
             time for good quality products
                       that meet our needs.        We will provide our wide group of stakeholders with information
                                                   about where Radius Care sits in its sustainability journey and
                                                   where, ultimately, we want to get to. Our immediate focus is on
                                                   building a programme that over the next three to four years will
       Offer our people a work environment         see sustainability initiatives embedded throughout Radius Care.
         where they feel safe and respected        Over time our base level programme will continue to develop
       and where they have opportunities to        and evolve.
                  develop and build a career.
                                                   The initiatives that we put in place within Radius Care, and
                                                   our reporting to you, will be influenced by frameworks such
                                                   as the internationally-recognised United Nations Sustainable
                                                   Development Goals and the sustainability reporting standard
                                                   Global Reporting Initiative (GRI).

                                                   An in-house Sustainability Committee has been established and
                                                   is tasked with providing guidance and feedback to the Board and
                                                   management on Radius Care’s sustainability framework. Having
                                                   a Sustainability Manager as part of the operations team will
                                                   see an acceleration in the implementation of initiatives across
                                                   Radius Care. The team is drawing together a measurement and
                                                   reporting framework.




30                                                                                                                         Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                                              SUSTAINABILITY




         Workstreams currently under way include:                                      Our technical advisers will help us draw together a
           •    Development of a materiality matrix that identifies the                transition plan for implementation across Radius Care.
                economic, environmental, and social issues on which Radius             With a three to four-year build-from-new programme under
                Care has an impact, or by which it may be impacted.                    way, we are well placed to ensure the design incorporates
                                                                                       proven green building elements and to install green
           •    Measurement of Radius Care’s greenhouse gas (GHG)
                                                                                       star-rated materials. Achieving a high Green Star rating is
                emissions inventory.
                                                                                       an objective.
         A GHG measurement project is under way to quantify two years of
                                                                                       At an operational level we want to identify and
         emissions levels. We expect electricity to be our largest source of
                                                                                       implement quick wins.
         operational GHG emissions, followed by waste to landfill, natural
         gas and air travel. By the end of the first half of the FY23 year, the
         Sustainability Committee intends to have finalised the data sets
         that will enable us to quantify Radius Care’s GHG emissions. The
         data will then be independently audited.




         Projects under way include:


                 Waste to                                        Electricity                                            Radius
                 landfill reduction                              use reduction                                          Shop
          For the past several years the weight of         All of our facilities have energy efficient          Items sold in our Radius Shop are
          waste removed from each facility has             electric ovens installed. Gas stove tops             reviewed for long term usability
          been recorded by Waste Management,               provide a backup source of cooking.                  and production from recycled or
          our waste contractor. We are using this          As facility upgrades are undertaken,                 recyclable materials. Sustainability
          data as an input to our waste reduction          incandescent light fittings are being                will be a focus over the next 12 months.
          programme together with identifying              replaced with LED bulbs. Double glazing
          waste streams that can be replaced with          and insulation are being installed
          recyclable or low carbon use items. We           together with heat pumps.
          are working with Waste Management to
          introduce more effective waste sorting
          at each Radius Care facility.




                   Inventory                                       Electronic
                   management                                      documentation systems
          Electronic ordering allows for the               The move to a paperless office is
          purchase of pre-approved items only.             under way with Microsoft Dynamics
          Single-use plastic water cups have been          365 Business Central software rolled
          removed from the purchase inventory.             out across Radius Care together with
                                                           software taking purchasing, payments
                                                           and employment processes online.




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                              31
BOARD OF DIRECTORS




      Board of
      Directors
      Our Board brings many years of experience in aged care, development and commerce
      alongside broader business experience in New Zealand and internationally.




      Brien Cree                               Duncan Cook                                Bret Jackson
       Executive Chair                         Executive Director                         Non Executive Director
                                               LLB                                        BCom (Honours), MBA (Harvard
                                                                                          Business School)

       Brien Cree is the founding              Duncan Cook has been a Director            Bret Jackson has been a Director
       shareholder of Radius Care and          of Radius Care since 2010, and             of Radius Care since 2014. He is an
       was the Managing Director from the      worked with Radius Care’s founders         experienced business professional
       company’s inception in 2003. Brien      to establish, structure and grow           spanning all facets of business
       has built the Radius Care’s portfolio   Radius Care’s business. Duncan is a        including entrepreneurship,
       from nothing to its current 23 aged     consultant at Sharp Tudhope Lawyers        leadership, private equity investment
       care facilities and three retirement    (Tauranga and Auckland) having             and governance (both private and
       villages. As Executive Chair, Brien     been a partner in the firm for 31 years.   public boards).
       is focused on the formulation and       His key areas of practice are mergers      Bret held corporate roles at Mobil
       execution of Radius Care’s strategic    and acquisitions with a focus on           Oil New Zealand, as a management
       growth objectives.                      consolidating primary and secondary        consultant at Boston Consulting
       Brien has more than 30 years’           health services. Duncan is a member        Group (Sydney and London) and has
       experience in the aged care sector.     of the New Zealand Law Society,            founded and successfully operated
       He is a Board member of the NZACA       Institute of Directors New Zealand         his own private businesses.
       and past Board member of the            (Inc) and Restructuring Insolvency
                                               & Turnaround Association New               He is also a past President of the
       Retirement Villages Association.
                                               Zealand Incorporated.                      Harvard Business School Alumni
                                                                                          Association of New Zealand.
                                               Duncan has governance experience
                                               across a range of industry sectors,
                                               including fishing, exports and
                                               housing construction. He has
                                               volunteered on the Boards of the
                                               Tauranga Chamber of Commerce and
                                               agencies associated with economic
                                               development in the Tauranga region.




32                                                                                                                             Caring is our calling
                                                                                         BOARD OF DIRECTORS




         Mary Gardiner                           Hamish Stevens
         Independent Director                    Independent Director
         BCom, FCA, FCIS, CMInstD                MCom (Honours), MBA, CA, CFInstD


         Mary Gardiner was appointed as          Hamish Stevens was appointed as
         an Independent Director of Radius       an Independent Director of Radius
         Care in December 2020. She is an        Care in December 2020. Hamish
         Independent Director and Chair of       is an Auckland-based Independent
         the Audit and Risk Committee of         Director having held directorships in
         Southern Cross Pet Insurance, Chair     both the listed and private company
         of Netball Northern Zone and trustee    sectors since 2010.
         of Mangere Mountain Education
                                                 He is also currently Chair of Evolve
         Trust, an Auckland Council-controlled
                                                 Education Group, East Health
         organisation.
                                                 Services and Pharmaco and a
         Mary has previously been Chair          Director of Marsden Maritime
         of Auckland Netball Centre and          Holdings, Northport and Counties
         Badminton NZ. Her commercial            Energy. Prior to his governance
         experience includes roles as Chief      career, Hamish held senior finance
         Financial Officer of Instant Finance    positions with Heinz Wattie, Tip Top
         and Radius Health Group, and            Ice Cream and DB Breweries.
         Governance Risk Manager at Air New
                                                 Hamish is a qualified Chartered
         Zealand, following a career focused
                                                 Accountant and a Chartered Fellow of
         primarily in financial services with
                                                 the Institute of Directors.
         KPMG in New Zealand, Germany
         and Australia.

         Mary is a Chartered member of
         the Institute of Directors, Fellow
         of Governance New Zealand
         and is a New Zealand Fellow
         Chartered Accountant.




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                            33
DIRECTORS SKILLS MATRIX




       Board of Directors



       Skills Matrix
      The Radius Care Board is structured to bring to a range of experience
      and skills relevant to the Company’s operations.




       Creating Value

                          Sector Knowledge

                          Well represented in care sector knowledge including         Balanced
                          representation on Aged Care Association Board.



                          Executive Leadership / Strategic thinking

                          Former MD brings extensive leadership experience and        Balanced
                          strategic thinking.



                          Growth Implementation

                          Extensive experience in industry consolidation              Balanced
                          M&A activity.



                          Developments                                            Possible focus
                          Experience in retirement village development and       of future Board
                          construction management.                                 appointments




       Business Operations


                          Health, Clinical and Aged Care / Technology & IT

                          Deep understanding of the critical elements and             Balanced
                          economic imperatives of the care business.



                          Marketing
                                                                                  Possible focus
                          Brand well established by founder, experience          of future Board
                          in data driven marketing, digital sales and              appointments
                          enhanced customer experience.




34                                                                                          Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                 DIRECTORS SKILLS MATRIX




                                                                                          Key of Board members capabilities
                                                                                               High            Moderate           Low




          People and Values


                                Compensation / HR

                                Leadership in exceptional people, exceptional care.                                 Balanced
                                Significant experience in culture and reward in large
                                organisations.



                                Environmental and Sustainability
                                                                                                              Focus of future
                                Evolving sustainability strategies, experience in solar                       Board learning
                                energy sources.




         Governance


                                Expertise
                                                                                                                    Balanced
                                Experience in best practice and corporate governance.



                                HSE (Health and Safety)                                                        Possible focus
                                Experience in workplace health and safety including                           of future Board
                                knowledge of legal obligations and regulations.                                 appointments



                                Risk Management

                                Expertise in legal, regulatory, risk and compliance.                                Balanced
                                Designated focus on cyber security.



                                Finance, Accounting and Capital Markets

                                Former CFO representation on audit committee, and                                   Balanced
                                extensive knowledge of use of and return on capital.




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                        35
SENIOR MANAGEMENT




           Senior Management



                                                                                            Jane Smart
                                                                                            Chief Operations Officer
                                                                                            BSc Physiotherapy, Dip.Business
                                                                                            Administration, MBS


                                                                                            Jane Smart was appointed Chief
                                                                                            Operations Officer of Radius Care
                                                                                            in February 2011. She has over 30
             Andrew Peskett                                                                 years’ experience in healthcare and
             Chief Executive Officer                                                        extensive experience in the aged
             BA (Hons), LLB                                                                 care sector.

             Andrew brings extensive experience in the retirement village and aged
             care industry, having previously been a senior executive at Metlifecare,
             a leading New Zealand retirement village operator with total assets in
             excess of $4 billion. After several years working in large London law firms,
             Andrew returned to New Zealand and joined Metlifecare in 2007, holding
             roles including Acting Chief Executive Officer, GM Corporate Services,
             Acting GM Operations and General Counsel & Company Secretary.




                                                                                            Sam Carey
                                                                                            General Manager, Marketing, Sales and Retail
                                                                                            Bachelor of Business


                                                                                            Sam Carey completed a Bachelor of
                                                                                            Business, majoring in Marketing and
                                                                                            International Business at AUT in 2008.

                                                                                            In 2011 Sam was employed to start
                                                                                            up in-house marketing at Radius. He
                                                                                            now leads the branding, marketing
                                                                                            strategy and public relations
                                                                                            portfolios. In 2017, Sam started the
                                                                                            Radius Shop as a way to connect
                                                                                            with elderly New Zealanders prior to
                                                                                            needing aged care.



36                                                                                                                            Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                                     SENIOR MANAGEMENT




       Michelle Slabber*                        Steven Heesen*                                  Trish Evers
       General Manager, Finance                 General Manager, Commercial Services            General Manager, People

       BCom (Hons), CA                          Bachelor of International Hospitality & Hotel   MSc in Applied Psychology
                                                Management (Hons)


       Michelle Slabber joined Radius Care      Steven joined the aged care sector              Trish has over 15 years’ experience
       in 2016. Michelle has nearly 25 years’   in 2003 and Radius Care in 2007.                in the HR sector and has worked in
       experience in finance roles in various   Trained in Europe, Steven has 20                various fields including government
       industries including healthcare and      years’ experience in Hospitality                agencies, health and transportation.
       financial services. Michelle trained     Management and 16 years in the                  She joined Radius Care in 2017. Trish
       with PricewaterhouseCoopers in           Aged Care Sector, Steven heads                  has a particular interest in the area
       South Africa and is a New Zealand        up the Radius commercial services               of employee engagement and making
       Chartered Accountant.                    team. Disciplines include all property          sure that we get the best out of
                                                matters, procurement and hospitality.           our team.




       Gared Thomas                             Kayleen Currie
       General Manager, Property Development    Information Systems Manager
       Bachelor of Business


       Gared Thomas completed a Bachelor        Kayleen Currie joined Radius Care
       of Business, majoring in Management      in 2019 and has over 20 years’
       at AUT in 2010.                          experience leading technical support
                                                teams, implementing hardware
       Gared has extensive experience in
                                                and system upgrades across
       the construction sector.
                                                multiple platforms.
       Gared joined Radius Care in 2019
                                                She is passionate about using
       and is passionate about delivering
                                                technology to better the lives of our
       our village and care home residents
                                                residents and Radius Care.
       with high-quality, well designed, and
       enjoyable spaces to live.

                                                                                                            * Michelle and Steven have resigned and they
                                                                                                             finish working for the Company on 30 June 2022
                                                                                                             and 8 July 2022 respectively.
Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                                 37
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




          Financial
          Statements
          Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income      39
          Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 		      40
          Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 		     41
          Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 			                42
          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 		   44
          Independent Auditor's Report 			                    79




38                                                                 Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




      Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022




                                                                                                              2022              2021
                                                                                        NOTE                  $000              $000
        REVENUE
        Revenue from contracts with customers                                              2.2             132,052            121,217
        Deferred management fees                                                           2.2                1,328             1,081
        Total revenue                                                                                      133,380           122,298


        Change in fair value of investment property                                         3.1              1,088              2,879
        Government subsidy received                                                                               —               794
        Interest income                                                                                          62                71
        Gain on acquisition of previously leased property assets                                             1,403                  —
        Total revenue and other income                                                                     135,933           126,042


        EXPENSES
        Employee costs                                                                                     (82,368)          (74,457)
        Depreciation expense                                                              2.3               (11,194)          (11,552)
        Finance costs                                                                     2.3               (9,091)           (9,706)
        Other expenses                                                                    2.3              (30,199)          (28,298)
        Total expenses                                                                                   (132,852)          (124,013)


        Profit before income tax                                                                             3,081             2,029
        Income tax expense                                                                 5.1                (408)             (324)
        Profit for the year                                                                                  2,673              1,705


        OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR
        Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss
        Revaluation of property, plant and equipment, net of tax                          3.2                     —             1,104


        Other comprehensive income for the year                                                                   —             1,104
        Total comprehensive income                                                                           2,673             2,809


        EARNINGS PER SHARE
        Basic and diluted earnings per share (cents per share)                            4.2                   1.13             0.97




      The Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                   39
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




        Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022




                                                                                                        Asset
                                                                               Contributed         Revaluation       Retained
                                                                                    Equity            Reserve        Earnings      Total
                                                                     NOTE             $000               $000           $000      $000

         BALANCE AS AT 1 APRIL 2020                                                  4,736               5,708         10,376    20,820

         Profit for the year                                                             —                  —           1,705     1,705
         Other comprehensive income for the year                       3.2               —                1,104            —       1,104
         Total comprehensive income for the year                                         —               1,104          1,705    2,809


         Transactions with owners
         Issue of share capital (net of transaction costs and tax)     4.1            1,196                 —              —       1,196
         Dividends paid                                                4.1               —                  —           (732)     (732)
         Total transactions with owners                                               1,196                 —           (732)      464


         Balance as at 31 March 2021                                                 5,932               6,812        11,349     24,093




         BALANCE AS AT 1 APRIL 2021                                                  5,932               6,812         11,349    24,093

         Profit for the year                                                             —                  —           2,673     2,673
         Other comprehensive income for the year                       3.2               —                  —              —         —
         Total comprehensive income for the year                                         —                  —           2,673     2,673


         Transactions with owners
         Issue of share capital (net of transaction costs and tax)     4.1          45,800                  —              —     45,800
         Dividends paid                                                4.1               —                  —          (2,478)   (2,478)
         Total transactions with owners                                            45,800                   —         (2,478)    43,322


         Balance as at 31 March 2022                                                51,732               6,812        11,544     70,088




        The Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




40                                                                                                                                Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                                                                  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      AS AT 31 MARCH 2022




                                                                                                                                                 2022                             2021
                                                                                                                   NOTE                          $000                            $000
        ASSETS
        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                  2,088                         2,761
        Trade and other receivables 1, 2                                                                               5.3                         9,882                          7,181
        Inventories                                                                                                                                  768                           548
        Investment properties                                                                                           3.1                      46,014                         31,675
        Property, plant and equipment 1, 2                                                                             3.2                       73,839                        33,459
        Right-of-use assets                                                                                            3.4                      133,912                        17 7,170
        Intangible assets                                                                                              5.2                        19,757                       16,996
        Deferred tax assets                                                                                             5.1                        3,885                        3,635
        Total assets                                                                                                                           290,145                       273,425



        LIABILITIES
        Trade and other payables                                                                                       5.4                       16,901                         14,911
        Current tax liabilities                                                                                                                     444                           1,135
        Borrowings                                                                                                     4.3                      30,000                          27,212
        Deferred management fee                                                                                        3.3                        1,553                           1,178
        Refundable occupation right agreements                                                                         3.3                      28,616                         20,591
        Lease liabilities                                                                                              3.4                     142,543                        184,305
        Total liabilities                                                                                                                     220,057                        249,332



        NET ASSETS                                                                                                                              70,088                         24,093



        EQUITY
        Share capital                                                                                                   4.1                      51,732                          5,932
        Asset revaluation reserve                                                                                       4.1                       6,812                          6,812
        Retained earnings                                                                                                                        11,544                         11,349
        Total equity                                                                                                                            70,088                         24,093




      The Board of Directors of the Company authorised these consolidated financial statements for issue on 28 June 2022.
      For and on behalf of the Board.




      Brien Cree - Chair, Board of Directors                                           Hamish Stevens - Chair, Audit and Risk Committee




      The Consolidated Statement of Financial Position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

        1. Comparative information relating to $159k of SaaS arrangements under development have been reclassified from property, plant and equipment - work in progress to trade and other
           receivables - prepayments.
        2. Comparative information relating to $722k of development costs have been reclassified from trade and other receivables - prepayments to property, plant and equipment - work in
           progress.




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                                                                 41
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




        Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022




                                                                                                                                                 2022                            2021
                                                                                                                   NOTE                          $000                            $000

         OPERATING ACTIVITIES
         Receipts from residents for care fees and village fees                                                                                 129,796                      122,337
         Receipts of government subsidy                                                                                                               —                          1,210
         Payments to suppliers and employees 1, 2                                                                                              (111,696)                     (101,161)
         Proceeds from the sale of Refundable Occupation Right Agreements                                                                          4,726                        3,927
         Payments for the repurchase of Refundable Occupation Right Agreements                                                                    (1,766)                       (464)
         Interest received                                                                                                                            62                               71
         Interest paid - borrowings                                                                                                              (1,436)                        (883)
         Interest paid - lease liabilities                                                                                                       (7,655)                      (8,823)
         Income tax paid                                                                                                                          (2,154)                      (1,744)
         Net cash provided by operating activities                                                                                                9,877                       14,470



         INVESTING ACTIVITIES
         Proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment                                                                                     50                                54
         Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                                                           5.6                       (14,000)                                —
         Payments for the purchase of property, plant and equipment 1, 2                                                                       (38,431)                        (4,140)
         Payments for village developments                                                                                                         (411)                        (965)
         Net cash used in investing activities                                                                                                (52,792)                        (5,051)



         FINANCING ACTIVITIES
         Proceeds from issue of share capital                                                                                                   48,229                                 —
         Share issue transaction costs                                                                                                          (2,429)                                —
         Proceeds from bank borrowings                                                                                                            2,788                                —
         Repayment of bank borrowings                                                                                                                 —                        (4,215)
         Principal payments of lease liabilities                                                                                                (3,868)                       (4,028)
         Dividends paid                                                                                                                         (2,478)                          (732)
         Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities                                                                                    42,242                        (8,975)



         RECONCILIATION OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
         Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                                                                                       2,761                         2,317
         Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents held                                                                                (673)                           444
         Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                                                                                2,088                          2,761




        The Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

       1. Comparative information relating to $159k of SaaS arrangements under development have been reclassified from payments for the purchase of property, plant and equipment to
          payments to suppliers and employees.
       2. Comparative information to $722k of development costs have been reclassified from payments to suppliers and employees to payments for the purchase of property,
          plant and equipment.




42                                                                                                                                                                               Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows continued
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022




                                                                                                                    2022                       2021
                                                                                            NOTE                     $000                     $000

        RECONCILIATION OF PROFIT FOR THE YEAR TO NET CASH PROVIDED
        BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES
        Profit for the year                                                                                           2,673                   1,705


        ADJUSTMENTS FOR NON-CASH ITEMS
        Depreciation                                                                                                 11,194                  11,552
        Share based payments                                                                                            —                      1,196
        Net loss/(gain) on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                   174                      (26)
        Gain on acquisition of previously leased property assets                                                    (1,403)                      —
        Fair value adjustment to investment properties                                                              (1,088)                  (2,879)
        Movement in deferred tax                                                                                     (923)                   (1,831)


        CHANGES IN OPERATING ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
        - Trade and other receivables and other assets                                                              (2,414)                    484
        - Inventories                                                                                                 (180)                   (240)
        - Trade and other payables and other liabilities                                                              1,172                     798
        - Current tax liabilities                                                                                    (692)                      412
        - Refundable Occupation Right Agreements                                                                     1,364                    3,299
        Net cash provided by operating activities                                                                    9,877                  14,470




      RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

      Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash flows are, or will be, classified as ‘cash flows from financing
      activities’ in the statement of cash flows.

                                                                        Share Capital           Borrowings     Lease Liabilities                 Total
                                                                                 $’000                $’000                 $’000                $’000

        BALANCE AS AT 1 APRIL 2021                                              5,932                27,212             184,305                217,449
          - Proceeds from issue of share capital                               48,229                2,788                     —               48,229
          - Share issue transaction costs                                      (2,429)                   —                     —               (2,429)
          - Proceeds from bank borrowings                                           —                    —                     —                 2,788
          - Repayment of bank borrowings and lease liabilities                      —                    —               (3,868)               (3,868)
        Total changes from financing cash flows                              45,800                 2,788                (3,868)               44,720
        Non-cash changes
          - Remeasurements                                                          —                    —                    794                    794
          - Disposals                                                               —                    —              (38,688)              (38,688)
        Balance as at 31 March 2022                                            51,732              30,000               142,543               224,275




        BALANCE AS AT 1 APRIL 2020                                              4,736                31,427             185,304               221,467
          - Repayment of bank borrowings and lease liabilities                      —               (4,215)              (4,028)               (8,243)
        Total changes from financing cash flows                                     —               (4,215)              (4,028)               (8,243)
        Non-cash changes
          - Share issue to employees                                             1,196                   —                     —                 1,196
          - Remeasurements                                                          —                    —                  3,029               3,029
        Balance as at 31 March 2021                                             5,932               27,212             184,305                217,449




      The Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.



Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                                43
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022




        1.    GENERAL INFORMATION

         1.1. BASIS OF PREPARATION

              (i) Reporting entity                                           These consolidated financial statements have been
                                                                             prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted
              The consolidated financial statements are for Radius
                                                                             Accounting Practice in New Zealand (‘NZ GAAP’), except
              Residential Care Limited (‘the Company’) and its
                                                                             for Note 2.1: Non-GAAP Underlying Net Profit after tax
              subsidiaries (together ‘the Group’).
                                                                             (“Underlying Profit”) and Non-GAAP AFFO (“Available
              The Group provides rest home and hospital care for the         Funds from Operations”), which is presented in addition
              elderly along with development and operation of integrated     to NZ GAAP compliant information. They comply with
              retirement villages in New Zealand.                            New Zealand equivalents to International Financial
                                                                             Reporting Standards (‘NZ IFRS’), International Financial
                                                                             Reporting Standards (‘IFRS’) and other applicable New
              (ii) Statutory basis and statement of compliance
                                                                             Zealand Financial Reporting Standards, as appropriate
              Radius Residential Care Limited is a limited liability         for for-profit entities. The Group is a Tier 1 for-profit
              company, incorporated and domiciled in New Zealand. It         entity in accordance with XRB A1 Application of the
              is registered under the Companies Act 1993 and is a FMC        Accounting Standards Framework.
              Reporting Entity in terms of Part 7 of the Financial Markets
                                                                             The consolidated financial statements have been
              Conduct Act 2013. The Company is listed on the NZX Main
                                                                             prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates
              Board (“NZX”). The consolidated financial statements have
                                                                             continuity of normal business activities and the
              been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the
                                                                             realisation of assets and the settlement of liabilities in
              NZX and Part 7 of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.
                                                                             the ordinary course of business.



44                                                                                                                          Caring is our calling
                                                                                                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




               The balance sheet for the Group is presented on the         an impact on the Group’s expenditure since the
               liquidity basis where the assets and liabilities are        outbreak began and up to the date of these annual
               presented in the order of their liquidity. The Group has    financial statements. The Directors have assessed
               adopted the liquidity basis presentation to be consistent   the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on these key
               with its listed retirement village and aged care peers.     estimates and judgements.

                                                                           It is not possible to estimate the impact of the
               (iii) Functional and presentation currency                  COVID-19 pandemic’s short and long-term effects.
               The consolidated financial statements are presented         As at the date of these annual financial statements,
               in New Zealand dollars which is the Group’s functional      all reasonably known and available information with
               currency. All amounts have been rounded to the nearest      respect to the COVID-19 pandemic has been taken
               thousand, unless otherwise indicated.                       into consideration and all reasonably determinable
                                                                           adjustments have been made in preparing these
                                                                           annual financial statements.
               (iv) Measurement basis

               These consolidated financial statements have been           (vi) New and amended accounting standards and
               prepared under the historical cost convention, with              Interpretations
               the exception of investment properties (note 3.1) and
               land and buildings included within property, plant and      In the current year, the Group adopted all mandatory
               equipment (note 3.2).                                       new and amended standards and interpretations.

                                                                           During the year, the Group revised its accounting policy
               (v) Key estimates and judgements                            in relation to upfront configuration and customisation
                                                                           costs incurred in implementing Software-as-a-Service
               The Board of Directors and management are required
                                                                           (‘SaaS’) arrangements. This was in response to the
               to make judgements, estimates and assumptions in
                                                                           IFRIC agenda decision in April 2021 clarifying its
               applying the accounting policies. The estimates and
                                                                           interpretation of how current accounting standards
               associated assumptions are based on experience and
                                                                           apply to these types of arrangements. The new
               other factors that are believed to be reasonable under
                                                                           accounting policy is presented below.
               the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of
               making the judgements. Actual results may differ from       No other changes to accounting policies have been
               the estimates, judgements and assumptions made by the       made during the year and the Group has not chosen
               Board of Directors and management.                          early adoption of any standards, amendments or
                                                                           interpretations to existing standards that are not
               Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on
                                                                           yet effective.
               an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
               recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised   Software-as-a-Service (‘SaaS’) arrangements
               and in any future periods affected.
                                                                           SaaS arrangements are service contracts providing
               The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or         the Group with the right to access the cloud provider’s
               complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are    application software over the contract period but
               significant to the consolidated financial statements are    where the Group does not control the underlying
               described in the following notes:                           software used in the arrangement. Under the new
               • Valuation of investment properties (note 3.1)             accounting policy, where costs incurred to configure or
                                                                           customise SaaS arrangements result in the creation
               • Valuation of land and buildings (note 3.2)
                                                                           of a resource which is identifiable where the Group
               • Lease extension and termination options & incremental     has the power to obtain the future economic benefits
                 borrowing rates (note 3.4)                                flowing from the underlying resource and to restrict
               • Impairment testing of goodwill (note 5.2)                 the access of others to those benefits, such costs are
               • Impairment testing of right-of-use assets (note 3.4)      recognised as a separate intangible software asset
                                                                           and amortised over the useful life of the software on a
               • Recognition of deferred tax assets (note 5.1)
                                                                           straight-line basis. If costs do not meet the recognition
               Following on from the disclosures in the Group’s annual     criteria, they are expensed when incurred. The useful
               financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2021       lives of the intangible assets are reviewed at least at
               regarding the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the New            the end of each financial reporting period, and any
               Zealand Government continues to implement a range           change accounted for prospectively as a change in
               of public health and economic measures to mitigate the      accounting estimate.
               impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The pandemic and
                                                                           During the year the Group reviewed the agreements
               measures have lowered overall economic activity, revenue
                                                                           supporting documentation for all capitalised
               has not been materially impacted but COVID-19 has had
                                                                           software and associated projects. There were no
                                                                           material amounts relating to SaaS arrangements
Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                          45
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




              recognised by the Group as at 1 April 2021 and as at 31         of cash flows on a net basis, except for the GST
              March 2021. However, in light of guidance from the IFRIC        component of investing and financing activities, which
              agenda decision, items of software under development            are disclosed as operating cash flows.
              and capitalised work-in progress as at 31 March 2021,
              amounting to $159k, has been reclassified from property         (ii) Measurement of fair value
              plant and equipment - work in progress (note 3.2) to trade
              and other receivables - prepayments (note 5.3)                  For financial reporting purposes, ‘fair value’ is the
                                                                              price that would be received to sell an asset, or paid to
                                                                              transfer a liability, in an orderly transaction between
              (vii) Segment Reporting
                                                                              market participants (under current market conditions)
              An operating segment is a component of an entity that           at the measurement date, regardless of whether that
              engages in business activities which earn revenue and           price is directly observable or estimated using another
              incur expenses and where the chief operating decision           valuation technique.
              maker reviews the operating results on a regular basis and
                                                                              When estimating the fair value of an asset or
              makes decisions on resource allocation.
                                                                              liability, the Group uses valuation techniques that
              The Group operates in one operating segment being               are appropriate in the circumstances and for which
              the provision of aged care in New Zealand. The chief            sufficient data is available to measure fair value,
              operating decision maker, the Board of Directors, reviews       maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and
              the operating results on a regular basis and makes              minimising the use of unobservable inputs. Inputs to
              decisions on resource allocation based on the review of         valuation techniques used to measure fair value are
              Group results and cash flows as a whole. The nature of the      categorised into three levels according to the extent to
              services provided and the type and class of residents have      which the inputs are observable:
              similar characteristics within the operating segment. The       • Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in
              Ministry of Health is a significant customer of the Group         active markets for identical assets or liabilities that
              as disclosed in note 2.2, as the Group derives care fee           the entity can access at the measurement date.
              revenue in respect of eligible Government subsidised aged
                                                                              • Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices
              care residents. No other customers individually contribute
                                                                                included within Level 1 that are observable for the
              a significant proportion of the Group’s revenue. All revenue
                                                                                asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.
              earned and assets held are in New Zealand.
                                                                              • Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset
                                                                                or liability.
         1.2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES
                                                                              Further information about the assumptions made in
              Accounting policies which are relevant to understanding         measuring fair values is included in notes 3.1, 3.2, 4.1
              the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in          and 5.2.
              each of the applicable notes. They have been applied on
              a consistent basis across all periods presented in these
                                                                              (iii) Government Grants
              consolidated financial statements.
                                                                              Government grants and subsidies to the Group are not
              Other relevant policies are provided as follows:
                                                                              recognised until there is reasonable assurance that
                                                                              the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to
              (i) Goods and services tax (GST)                                them and that the grants will be received. Government
                                                                              grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic
              Revenue, expenses and purchased assets are recognised
                                                                              basis over the periods in which the Group recognises
              net of the amount of GST, except where the amount of
                                                                              as expenses the related costs for which the grants are
              GST incurred is not recoverable from the Inland Revenue
                                                                              intended to compensate. Grants relating to expense
              Department. In these circumstances the GST is recognised
                                                                              items are recognised as income over the periods
              as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of
                                                                              necessary to match the grant to the costs they
              an item of the expense. Receivables and payables in the
                                                                              are compensating.
              consolidated statement of financial position are shown
              inclusive of GST.

              Cash flows are presented in the consolidated statement




46                                                                                                                             Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




      2.       OPERATING PERFORMANCE		

        2.1. NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES: NON-GAAP
             UNDERLYING NET PROFIT AFTER TAX
             (“UNDERLYING PROFIT”) AND NON-GAAP
             AVAILABLE FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS (“AFFO”)
               Underlying Profit and AFFO are non-GAAP (non-Generally         Adjustments				
               Accepted Accounting Practice) financial measures
                                                                              Non-recurring or infrequent items
               and differ from NZ GAAP, NZ IFRS and IFRS Net Profit
               after Tax and Net cash provided by Operating Activities,       1. COVID-19 RELATED EXPENSES. As part of the response
               respectively. Underlying Profit and AFFO do not have a            to COVID-19, the Group incurred additional expenses,
               standardised meaning prescribed by NZ GAAP (Generally             including personal protective equipment (PPE) costs
               Accepted Accounting Practice in New Zealand) and so               and expenses in relation to additional sick leave and
               may not be comparable to similar financial information            isolation leave from April 2020 to September 2020 and
               and measures presented by other entities. The Group               from August 2021 to March 2022. The Group required
               uses Underlying Profit and AFFO, with other measures,             staff to take a COVID-19 test before returning to work
               to monitor financial performance and for shareholder              following any sick leave or isolation leave, to ensure the
               dividend determination considerations. The Group uses             safety of residents and staff in the aged care facilities.
               these measures consistently across reporting periods.          2. GOVERNMENT COVID-19 RELATED SUBSIDY. As with other
               The Group believes that these non-GAAP financial                  aged care providers in New Zealand, the Group received
               measures, which are not considered to be a substitute             funding during the year ended 31 March 2021 from the
               for or superior to NZ GAAP, NZ IFRS and IFRS measures,            New Zealand Government in relation to the increased
               provide stakeholders with additional helpful information on       costs associated with COVID-19 which covered higher
               the performance of the business. The non-GAAP measures            staff and PPE costs.
               are consistent with how the business performance is            3. ONE-OFF LISTING COSTS. Costs incurred with the
               planned and reported within the internal management               compliance listing on the NZX on 10 December 2020.
               reporting to the Board of Directors (being the chief           4. SHARE BASED PAYMENTS. Shares were issued to
               operating decision maker as described in note 1.1 (vii)) and      employees and service providers as part of the
               Audit and Risk Committee. Underlying Profit and AFFO              compliance listing (note 4.1).
               are prepared in accordance with the basis of preparation
                                                                              5. ONE-OFF COSTS. Radius operated a laundry that
               described below.
                                                                                 supported four of the facilities in the South Island. This
                                                                                 operation was stopped at the end of May 2021, and some
               Underlying Profit				                                             of the laundry assets were sold. As this operation does
                                                                                 not form part of the main activity of the Group, this is
               Underlying Profit is a non-GAAP measure of financial
                                                                                 shown as a one-off cost.
               performance and considered in the determination of
               shareholder dividends. The calculation of Underlying Profit      Radius also incurred costs as part of a feasibility study
               requires a number of estimates to be approved by the             on a business acquisition that did not proceed, as this
               Directors in its preparation. Both the methodology and the       was a major transaction that will not happen every year
               estimates may differ among other entities in the retirement      it is shown as a one-off cost.
               village and aged care sector. Underlying Profit does not
               represent cash flow generated during the period.

               Basis of preparation: Underlying Profit
               The Group calculates Underlying Profit by making the
               following adjustments to reported Net Profit after Tax:




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                   47
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




              Structural changes and other			                                 • Inclusion of realised gains on Unit resales. Realised
              1. NZ LISTED & OTHER LISTED ENTITY RELATED COSTS. In              gains are calculated as the net cash flow received
                 conjunction with its listing the Group incurred costs          by the Group on the cash settlement of the resale of
                 associated with operating in a listed environment in           pre-existing ORA Units (i.e. the difference between
                 respect of Directors’ fees (including the additional           the value of the ORA licence payment received from
                 independent Directors), audit costs, listing fees, share       the incoming resident and the ORA licence payment
                 registry fees, enhanced shareholder reporting costs and        previously received from the outgoing resident).
                 additional Director & Officer insurance costs. From the        Realised gains are net of incurred refurbishment
                 date of listing, the Group also incurred a fee of 3.5% per     costs. The margin on the repurchase of legacy units
                 annum of annual rental and outgoings in relation to the        under a unit title subsequently sold under an ORA
                 personal guarantee in place with one landlord.                 contract is also included. Note, no adjustment is
                                                                                made for differences between accrued deferred
              2. HISTORICAL GOVERNANCE COSTS. These relate to
                                                                                management fees (DMF) and actual cash
                 nonrecurring historical Directors, consulting and
                                                                                DMF realised.
                 management fees previously incurred by the Group
                 but now replaced by NZ Listed & other listed entity          • Removal of deferred tax expenses including those
                 related costs.                                                 related to the application of NZ IFRS 16 Leases,
                                                                                where applicable.
              3. GAIN ON ACQUISITION OF PREVIOUSLY LEASED
                 PROPERTY ASSETS. On 5 August 2021, the Group
                 acquired four properties, previously leased from Ohaupo      AFFO 					
                 Holdings Limited. On acquisition, the disposal of the        AFFO is a non-GAAP measure of available cash used
                 related right-of-use assets and lease liabilities resulted   by the Group to determine the level of shareholder
                 in a gain on modification of $1.4m being recognised upon     dividend it may pay.				
                 the cancelling of lease and derecognition of the related
                 Lease liability and Right of Use asset. This is further
                                                                              Basis of preparation: AFFO			
                 described in notes 3.2. 3.4 and 4.1.
              4. INCOME TAX. Included is the potential income tax             AFFO is calculated from Pre-NZ IFRS 16 Underlying
                 impact of the above adjustments (described under non-        Profit by removing Pre-NZ IFRS 16 depreciation and
                 recurring or infrequent items and structural changes         amortisation and instead including maintenance
                 and other above). An effective tax rate of 28% has been      capital expenditure. Pre-NZ IFRS 16 Underlying Profit
                 assumed, where applicable.		                                 is used as the starting point for this calculation as
                                                                              it reflects the Pre-NZ IFRS 16 operating rental lease
                                                                              expense which largely represents the actual cash
              Underlying adjustments		
                                                                              lease payment made, rather than the NZ IFRS 16
              Underlying adjustments allow for direct comparison              equivalent which instead includes depreciation on
              to other NZX listed aged care and retirement village            right-of-use assets and interest expense on lease
              operators and include:		                                        liabilities, which materially exceed the actual cash
              • The removal of changes in the fair value of investment        operating rental lease expense payments.
                properties relating to the Group’s owned retirement
                villages (Elloughton Grange Village, Windsor Lifestyle
                Estate Village and Clare House Retirement Village).
              •   Inclusion of realised development margins on the cash
                  settlement of the first sale of new Occupation Right
                  Agreements (ORA) Units following development.




48                                                                                                                          Caring is our calling
                                                                                                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




               Reconciliation of NZ GAAP financial measures to non-GAAP financial measures


                                                                                                2022                2021
                                                                                                $000                $000

                 Profit for the year                                                            2,673              1,705


                 ADJUSTMENTS
                 Non-recurring or infrequent items
                 Remove: COVID-19 related expenses                                               730                 653
                 Remove: Government COVID-19 subsidy                                              —                 (857)
                 Remove: One-off listing costs                                                    —                1,227
                 Remove: Share based payments                                                     —                1,464
                 Remove: One-off costs                                                          278                  —
                 Structural changes and other
                 Include: Listed & other company costs                                            —                 (714)
                 Remove: Historical governance costs                                              —                  417
                 Remove: Gain on acquisition of previously leased property assets            (1,403)                 —
                 Include: Income tax impact of adjustments                                     (282)                (270)


                 UNDERLYING ADJUSTMENTS
                 Remove: Change in fair value of investment properties                       (1,088)              (2,879)
                 Include: Realised development margins                                            90                 343
                 Include: Realised gains on resales                                              351                 480
                 Remove: Deferred tax expense                                                  (923)              (1,831)
                 Underlying Net profit before tax                                               426                (262)

                 Remove: Depreciation                                                         11,194              11,552
                 Remove: Net interest expense                                                 9,029                9,636
                 Remove: Current tax expense                                                   1,331               2,155
                 Remove: Income tax impact of adjustments                                       282                  270
                 Underlying EBITDA                                                           22,262               23,351

                 Include: Pre-NZ IFRS 16 operating lease expense                             (11,522)            (12,850)
                 Pre-NZ IFRS 16 Underlying EBITDA                                            10,740               10,501

                 Include: Depreciation and amortisation (Pre-NZ IFRS 16)                     (4,427)              (4,262)
                 Include: Net interest expense (Pre-NZ IFRS 16)                               (1,374)               (812)
                 Include: Current tax expense                                                 (1,331)             (2,155)
                 Include: Income tax impact of adjustments                                     (282)                (270)
                 Pre-NZ IFRS 16 Underlying Net profit after tax                               3,326                3,002

                 Remove: Depreciation and amortisation (Pre-NZ IFRS 16)                        4,427               4,262
                 Include: Maintenance capital expenditure                                    (3,574)              (3,543)
                 AFFO                                                                          4,179               3,721




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                    49
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




         2.2. REVENUE					

              Revenue from contracts with customers                         Lease income
              Revenue from care and village fees and recoveries income      Deferred management fees		
              is recognised in accordance with NZ IFRS 15 Revenue
                                                                            Occupation Right Agreements (ORAs) confer the right
              from Contracts with Customers (“NZ IFRS 15”). Deferred
                                                                            to occupancy of a retirement unit and are considered
              management fees and rental income are considered
                                                                            leases under NZ IFRS 16 Leases.		
              leases under NZ IFRS 16 Leases (“NZ IFRS 16”), and are
              therefore excluded from the scope of NZ IFRS 15. None of      A management fee is payable by the residents of
              the Group’s revenue, as defined by NZ IFRS 15, contains       the Group’s independent living units for the right to
              significant financing components.                             share in the use and enjoyment of common facilities.
                                                                            The management fee is calculated as a percentage
              Care and village fees and recoveries income                   of the ORA amount and accrues either daily, monthly
                                                                            or annually for a set period, based on the terms of
              The Group derives revenue from the provision of residential
                                                                            the individual contracts. The current ORAs accrue
              care and related services. Rest home, hospital and service
                                                                            management fees at rates ranging from 6.67% to
              fee charges are governed by the individual care admission
                                                                            10% per annum.
              agreement with each care resident. The resident incurs
              a daily care fee charged per the agreement, as set by the     The management fee is payable in cash by the resident
              Government each year. Care fees are recognised net of         at the time of repayment (to the resident) of the
              any rebates to residents.                                     refundable ORA amount due. The Group has the right to
                                                                            set off of the refundable Occupation Right Agreement
              The Group derives care fee revenue in respect of eligible
                                                                            amount and the management fee receivable.
              Government subsidised aged care residents who receive
              rest home, dementia or hospital level care. Government        At year end, the management fee receivable that
              aged care revenue received from the Ministry of Health        has yet to be recognised through profit or loss
              included in care fees and village services amounted to        as management fee revenue is recognised as a
              $83,942,062 (2021: $78,019,000).                              deferred management fee liability in the statement of
                                                                            financial position.
              There are no elements of variable consideration of
              significant financing component associated with care and
              village fees and recoveries income.                           Key accounting estimates and judgements

              Village fees are detailed within each resident’s Occupation   Deferred management fees are recognised as revenue
              Right Agreements (ORAs) and relate to the operating costs     on a straight-line basis. This requires management
              of the village. Revenue is recognised based on the daily or   to estimate the period of occupancy for independent
              weekly fees charged, reflecting the period a resident has     living units. The expected periods of tenure, being
              occupied a unit.                                              based on historical results, experience and industry
                                                                            averages, are estimated at 8 years (2021 : 8 years).		
              The performance obligation of providing the care and          					
              village services is satisfied over time, as the resident
              simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits             						
              of the service as it is provided. Billing and revenue
              recognition are generally done during the same period         						
              that the performance obligation is satisfied. Payments
              received in advance are recorded on the statement of
              financial position as a contract liability and subsequently
              recognised through profit or loss when the services
              are rendered.




50                                                                                                                       Caring is our calling
                                                                                                         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




        2.3. EXPENSES

               Accounting policy

               Operating expenses are recognised on an accrual basis.

               Interest expense is measured in accordance with the effective interest method.


                                                                                                2022               2021
                                                                                       NOTE     $000               $000

                  DEPRECIATION OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT:
                    - buildings                                                          3.2      432               249
                    - motor vehicles                                                     3.2      133               140
                    - furniture, fixtures and fittings                                   3.2    3,003              3,037
                    - information technology                                             3.2      758               746
                    - medical equipment                                                  3.2       101               90
                                                                                                4,427             4,262
                  DEPRECIATION OF RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS:
                    - buildings                                                          3.4     6,767             7,290
                                                                                                 6,767            7,290
                  Total depreciation                                                            11,194            11,552


                  FINANCE COSTS:
                  - interest - bank                                                              1,436              883
                  - interest - lease liabilities                                                 7,655             8,823
                  Total finance costs                                                            9,091            9,706


                  OTHER EXPENSES:
                  Fees paid to Auditors
                  Audit and review of consolidated financial statements                            201              201
                  Assurance engagement to report on the compilation of pro forma
                                                                                                    —                 21
                  financial information included in a listing profile
                  Tax compliance services                                                          42                43
                  Total fees paid to auditor                                                      243               265
                  Facility operating expenses                                                   22,331           20,039
                  Listing costs                                                                     —              1,227
                  Operating rental expenses relating to low value and short-term
                                                                                                   83                69
                  leases
                  Directors' fees                                                                 494               410
                  Donations and sponsorships                                                        5                 14
                  Loss/(gain) on sale of property, plant and equipment                             174              (26)
                  Other expenses (no items of individual significance)                          6,869             6,300
                  Total other expenses                                                          30,199           28,298




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                      51
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




        3. PROPERTY ASSETS				
        		 				

         3.1. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

               Accounting policy				

               Investment properties include completed freehold                                                      Land acquired with the intention of constructing
               land and buildings, freehold land and buildings under                                                 investment properties is classified as investment
               development comprising retirement villages including                                                  properties from the date of acquisition.
               common facilities, provided for use by residents under the
                                                                                                                     Rental income from investment properties, being
               terms of a Refundable Occupation Right Agreement (ORA).
                                                                                                                     deferred management fees, is accounted for as
               Investment properties are held for long term yields and to
                                                                                                                     described in note 2.2.
               generate rental income.
                                                                                                                     When the use of a property changes such that it is
               Investment properties are initially recognised at cost. After
                                                                                                                     reclassified as property, plant and equipment, its fair
               initial recognition, investment properties are measured
                                                                                                                     value at the date of reclassification becomes its cost
               at fair value. Gains or losses arising from a change in the
                                                                                                                     for subsequent accounting.				
               fair value of investment properties are recognised in profit
               or loss.


                                                                                                                                                     2022        2021
                                                                                                                   NOTE                              $000        $000

               INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
               Opening carrying amount                                                                                                              31,675     27,831
               Acquisition of Clare House Retirement Village investment property1                                     5.6                           12,840          —
               Development expenditure                                                                                                                  —         338
               Net fair value gain                                                                                                                   1,088      2,879
               Occupation Right Agreements settled                                                                                                  (2,420)    (2,444)
               Occupation Right Agreements entered                                                                                                   4,490      5,421
               Purchases                                                                                                                                67        100
               Unsold units included in opening carrying amount                                                                                     (1,610)    (2,450)

               Other adjustments                                                                                                                      (116)         —

               Closing carrying amount                                                                                                          46,014         31,675


               A reconciliation between the valuation and the amount recognised on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as
               investment properties is as follows:


               Valuation of operator's interest                                                                                                     15,450      8,345
               Refundable Occupation Right Agreements                                                                 3.3                           28,616     20,591
               Deferred management fee                                                                                3.3                            1,553       1,178
               Unsold units                                                                                                                            395       1,561
                                                                                                                                                46,014         31,675



              1. On 1 November 2021, the Group acquired investment properties as part of the Clare House business combination, refer to note 5.6.       				




52                                                                                                                                                                Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




               Valuation process and key inputs                                 Key accounting estimates and judgements

               The Group’s investment properties are valued on an annual        As the fair value of investment properties is
               basis by CBRE Limited (CBRE) and Colliers, independent           determined using inputs that are significant and
               valuers. CBRE and Colliers are registered with the Property      unobservable, the Group has categorised investment
               Institute of New Zealand, employ registered valuers and          properties as Level 3 under the fair value hierarchy in
               have appropriate recognised professional qualifications          accordance with NZ IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement.
               and recent experience in the location and category of
               properties being valued.                                         Valuation uncertainty
               Fair value as determined by CBRE and Colliers are
                                                                                As at 31 March 2022				
               adjusted for assets and liabilities already recognised
                                                                                As at the 31 March 2022 valuation date, the valuers
               in the Statement of Financial Position which are also
                                                                                of two investment properties, CBRE have included a
               reflected in the discounted cash flow model. The valuation
                                                                                valuation uncertainty clause in their valuation reports
               of investment properties is then grossed up for cash flows
                                                                                as a result of the evolving situation with COVID-19,
               relating to refundable Occupation Right Agreements, which
                                                                                high and rising inflation and interest rates and their
               are recognised separately in the Statement of Financial
                                                                                impact on the New Zealand economy, together with
               Position (refer also note 3.3).
                                                                                global macro events including elevated volatility in
                                                                                global financial markets, surging energy prices and the
               Retirement villages under development                            current ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia
               The cost of retirement villages includes directly                and its flow on effects. Given the valuation uncertainty,
               attributable construction costs and other costs necessary        the valuers have recommended in their reports
               to bring the retirement villages to working condition for        that the valuations of the properties be reviewed
               their intended use. These other costs include professional       periodically.
               fees and consents, borrowing costs during the build period       The Valuers of one investment property, Colliers,
               and head office costs directly related to the construction       have included a market risk clause noting that the
               of the retirement villages. Where costs are apportioned          ongoing social and economic impact of COVID-19,
               across more than one asset, the apportionment                    both domestically and on a global basis, is providing
               methodology is determined by considering the nature of           elevated market risk at the current time. In some
               the cost. The borrowing costs capitalised during the year        markets there is more certainty regarding ‘post-
               was $nil (2021: $49k). The related borrowing costs were          COVID pricing’ than others due to the subsequent
               solely for the villages under development.                       transactional evidence. However there is increased
               If the fair value of investment properties under                 latent risk across all asset classes and property
               development and construction cannot be reliably                  sectors due to the impact of the pandemic. They have
               determined, but it is expected the fair value of the property    noted that the current economic conditions and latent
               can be reliably determined when construction is complete,        potential volatility should be considered and factored
               then investment properties under construction will be            into future considerations.			
               measured as cost less any impairment, until either its
                                                                                As at 31 March 2021			
               fair value can be reliably determined or construction
               is complete. Impairment is determined by considering             As at the 31 March 2021 valuation date, the valuers,
               the value of work in progress and management’s                   CBRE, have included a valuation uncertainty clause
               estimate of the value of the investment properties               in their valuation reports as a result of the COVID-19
               on completion.                                                   pandemic. This clause highlighted the difficulties
                                                                                in undertaking valuations due to the absence of,
                                                                                or limited relevant transactional evidence that
               Unsold units
                                                                                demonstrates current market pricing. Therefore, less
               Any developed but not yet sold units (unsold units) are          certainty and a higher degree of caution was attached
               valued based on recent comparable transactions, adjusted         to the point estimate valuations. This represented an
               for disposal costs, holding costs and an allowance for           increase in the significant estimation uncertainty in the
               profit and risk. This represents the fair value of the Group’s   valuation of investment properties. Given the valuation
               interest in unsold units at reporting date.                      uncertainty, the valuers recommended in their reports
                                                                                that the valuations of the properties be kept under
                                                                                frequent review.				




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                               53
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




              Significant unobservable inputs

              The significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of the Group’s development land is the value per square
              metre assumption. Increases in the value per square metre rate result in the corresponding increases in the total valuation.

              The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Group’s portfolio of completed investment
              properties are the discount rate and the property growth rate.

              The following assumptions have been used to determine fair value:			

                                                                        Inter-relationship Between the Key
               Significant Input            Description                 Inputs and Fair Value Measurement              2022              2021


                                                                        A significant increase/(decrease)
               Discount rate                                                                                   15.25% - 18.0%   15.75% - 18.0%
                                                                        in the discount rate would result in
               - villas and serviced        The pre-tax discount rate
                                                                        a significantly (lower)/higher fair
               apartments
                                                                        value measurement.



               Property price growth rate
                                                                                                                   0% - 3.0%      2.0% - 2.5%
               - villas                     Anticipated annual          A significant increase/
                                            property price growth       (decrease) in the property price
                                            over the cash flow period   growth rate would result in a
                                            0 - 4 years                 significantly higher/(lower) fair
               Property price growth rate
                                                                        value measurement.                         0% - 2.5%               N/A
               - serviced apartments



               Property price growth rate
                                                                                                                        3.0%             3.0%
               - villas                     Anticipated annual          A significant increase/
                                            property price growth       (decrease) in the property price
                                            over the cash flow period   growth rate would result in a
                                            5+ years                    significantly higher/(lower) fair
               Property price growth rate
                                                                        value measurement.                              2.5%               N/A
               - serviced apartments




54                                                                                                                                   Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                                 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




               Due to the valuation uncertainty (2021: valuation uncertainty) disclosed, the range of reasonably possible changes to key
               assumptions is uncertain and could be significantly greater than the ranges used in the sensitivity analysis.


               Sensitivities 										
                                                            Adopted Value of
                                                           Operator’s Interest             Discount Rate                Property Growth Rates

                 As at 31 March 2022                                                   +0.5%            -0.5%           +0.5%            -0.5%
                 Valuation $NZ000's                                    15,450
                 Difference $NZ000's                                                    (545)              575          1,000            (945)
                 Difference %                                                          -3.5%             3.7%            6.5%            -6.1%


                 As at 31 March 2021                                                   +0.5%            -0.5%           +0.5%            -0.5%
                 Valuation $NZ000's                                     8,345
                 Difference $NZ000's                                                    (320)              280           515              (515)
                 Difference %                                                          -3.8%             3.4%            6.2%            -6.2%

               The occupancy period is a significant component of the CBRE valuations and is driven from a Monte Carlo simulation. The
               simulations are dependent on the demographic profile of the village (age and gender of residents) and the reason for departing a
               unit. Colliers undertake their own modelling of actual and comparables analysis to other similar villages. The resulting stabilised
               departing occupancy period is an estimate of the long run occupancy term for residents. An increase in the stabilised departing
               occupancy period will have a negative impact on the valuation and a decrease in the stabilised departing occupancy will have a
               positive impact on the valuation. The valuation calculates the expected cash flows for a 20 year period (2021: 20 years) with
               stabilised departing occupancy assumptions set out below.


                 Significant Input                                                                               2022                         2021
                 Stabilised occupancy period - villas                                             8.0 yrs - 8.6 yrs                8.4 yrs - 8.7 yrs
                 Stabilised occupancy period - serviced apartments                                           3 yrs                                N/A




               Current ingoing price, for subsequent resales of ORA’s, is a key driver of the CBRE and Colliers valuations. A significant
               increase/(decrease) in the ingoing price (as driven by the property growth rates) would result in a significantly higher/(lower)
               fair value measurement.




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                             55
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




         3.2. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

              Accounting policy
                                                                              Category                             Useful Life Range
              Property, plant and equipment is measured at cost
                                                                              - Buildings                                  50 years
              or fair value less, where applicable, any accumulated
              depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses.             - Motor vehicles                              5 years

              Cost includes expenditures that are directly attributable to    - Furniture, fixtures and fittings        5 - 10 years
              the acquisition of the asset. The cost of self­constructed
                                                                              - Information technology                      4 years
              assets includes the cost of materials and direct labour and
              any other costs directly attributable to bringing the asset     - Medical equipment                           7 years
              to a working condition for its intended use. Purchased
              software that is integral to the functionality of the related   The assets’ residual values and useful lives are
              equipment is capitalised as part of that equipment.             reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each balance
              Subsequent costs are added to the carrying amount of an         date. No depreciation is charged in the year of sale
              item of plant and equipment when that cost is incurred if       for all assets other than buildings in which case
              it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied       depreciation is charged to the earlier of the date of
              with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item   classification to be held for sale or the date of sale.
              can be measured reliably. All other costs are recognised in     Assets are assessed for impairment whenever events
              the profit or loss as an expense as incurred. The costs of      or circumstances arise that indicate the asset may
              the day to day servicing of property, plant and equipment       be impaired. An asset’s carrying amount is written
              are recognised in profit or loss as incurred.                   down immediately to its recoverable amount if the
              Freehold land and buildings are measured at revalued            asset’s carrying amount is greater than its estimated
              amounts, being the fair value at the date of the revaluation,   recoverable amount. Impairment losses in respect of
              less any subsequent accumulated depreciation and any            individual assets are recognised immediately in profit
              accumulated impairment losses. Independent valuations           or loss unless the asset is measured at a revalued
              are performed with sufficient regularity to ensure that the     amount, in which case the impairment loss is treated
              carrying amount of freehold land and buildings does not         as a revaluation decrease and is recognised in other
              differ materially from the assets’ fair value at reporting      comprehensive income to the extent that it does not
              date. At each reporting date the carrying amount of             exceed the amount in the revaluation surplus for
              each asset is reviewed to ensure that it does not differ        the same asset.
              materially from the asset’s fair value at reporting date.       Gains and losses on disposals are determined by
              Where necessary, independent valuations are performed           comparing the net disposal proceeds with the carrying
              and the asset is revalued to reflect its fair value.            amount of the asset. These are included in the
              Increases in the carrying amounts arising on revaluation of     profit or loss.
              land and buildings are recognised in other comprehensive
              income and accumulated in equity. To the extent that the
              increase reverses a decrease of the same asset previously
              recognised in profit or loss, the increase is recognised in
              profit or loss. Decreases that offset previous increases
              of the same asset are recognised in other comprehensive
              income; all other decreases are recognised in profit or loss.

              Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter
              of either the unexpired period of the lease or the estimated
              useful lives of the improvements.

              Land is not depreciated. The depreciable amount of all
              other property, plant and equipment is depreciated using
              the straight line method over their estimated useful lives
              commencing from the time the asset is held available for
              use, consistent with the estimated consumption of the
              economic benefits embodied in the asset.			
              					




56                                                                                                                           Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                                                                     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




                                                                                                        Furniture,
                                                                    Land and             Motor           Fixtures         Information          Medical            Work in
               NZ$000                                               Buildings          Vehicles       and Fittings         Technology        Equipment           Progress               Total

               YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022
               Opening net book value                                  18,326                 361            11,336               1,473               256             1,707          33,459
               Additions 2                                              37,641                 65             3,404                1,115               134            3,122          45,481
               Transfers                                                   531                —                (516)                290                 —              (757)            (452)
               Disposals                                                     —                —               (222)                   —                 —                 —            (222)
               Depreciation                                              (432)              (133)           (3,003)               (758)              (101)                —          (4,427)
               Closing net book value                                 56,066                 293            10,999               2,120                289            4,072           73,839



               YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022
               Cost 3                                                   56,512             1,27 7           35,902                6,170               782            4,072          104,715
               Accumulated Depreciation                                  (446)             (984)          (24,903)              (4,050)             (493)                 —        (30,876)
               Net book value                                         56,066                293             10,999               2,120                289            4,072           73,839




                                                                                                        Furniture,
                                                                    Land and             Motor           Fixtures         Information          Medical            Work in
               NZ$000                                               Buildings          Vehicles       and Fittings         Technology        Equipment           Progress               Total

               YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021
               Opening net book value                                    17,265               297             12,121              1,637               199               784          32,303
               Additions                                                         3           205              2,092                 587               150             1,221            4,258
               Transfers                                                     —                —                  181                  —                 —             (298)             (117)
               Net amount of revaluation increments
                                                                          1,307               —                   —                   —                 —                 —            1,307
               less decrements 1
               Disposals                                                     —                  (1)             (21)                 (5)                (3)               —              (30)
               Depreciation                                                (249)            (140)           (3,037)               (746)               (90)                —          (4,262)
               Closing net book value                                   18,326                361           11,336                1,473               256             1,707         33,459



               YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021
               Cost                                                         115            1,212            33,236                4,765               648             1,707          41,683
               Valuation 3                                             18,225                 —                   —                   —                 —                 —          18,225
               Accumulated Depreciation                                     (14)           (851)           (21,900)             (3,292)             (392)                 —        (26,449)
               Net book value 4,5,6                                    18,326                361            11,336                1,473               256             1,707         33,459


               1. The revaluation noted in the Statement of Comprehensive Income differs from the above due to deferred tax.
               2. On 5 August 2021, the Group acquired four properties, previously leased from Ohaupo Holdings Limited for consideration of $31.4m. The purchase was funded from the fully
                  underwritten placement and issue of share capital to Ohaupo Holdings Limited, refer to note 4.1. Subsequently on 1 November 2021, the Group acquired another property as
                  part of the Clare House business combination, refer to note 5.6.
               3. Refer to next page for commentary on valuations as at 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021 for land and building valuations.
               4. Comparative information relating to $159k of SaaS arrangements under development have been reclassified from property plant and equipment - furniture and fittings to trade
                  and other receivables - prepayments
               5. Comparative information relating to $722k of development costs have been reclassified from trade and other receivables - prepayments to property plant and equipment -
                  work in progress.
               6. Comparative information relating to $784k (1 April 2020) and $923k (31 March 2021) of capital work in progress have been reclassified from property, plant and equipment -
                  furniture, fixtures and fittings to property, plant and equipment - work in progress.




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                                                                   57
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




              Valuations

              As at 31 March 2022				                                        and recent experience in the location and category of
              Management assessed that these freehold land and               properties being valued. LVC determined the fair value
              buildings had not experienced any significant and volatile     of land and buildings on freehold land using the direct
              changes in fair value necessitating a revaluation as at 31     comparison approach and capitalisation of market
              March 2022 (including the consideration of the impact of       income approaches.
              the COVID-19 pandemic). This assessment was informed by
              advice provided by the Group’s land and buildings Valuer,      Valuation uncertainty
              LVC Limited (LVC) (who provides valuation services to the
                                                                             As at the 31 March 2021 valuation date, the valuers,
              Group) who provided a valuation update letter confirming
                                                                             LVC, have included a valuation uncertainty clause in
              that the carrying amounts of these freehold land and
                                                                             their valuation reports as a result of the COVID-19
              buildings did not differ materially from that which would
                                                                             pandemic. This clause highlights the difficulties in
              be determined using fair value as at 31 March 2022. Of
                                                                             undertaking valuations due to the absence of, or limited
              the eight properties owned by the Group, three were last
                                                                             relevant transactional evidence that demonstrates
              revalued on 31 March 2021 at $18,225k and the remaining
                                                                             current market pricing. Therefore, less certainty and
              five carried at $37,641k were purchased during the year
                                                                             a higher degree of caution should be attached to the
              ended 31 March 2022 (four during August 2021 and one
                                                                             point estimate valuation. This represents an increase in
              during November 2021). The purchase prices paid were
                                                                             the significant estimation uncertainty in the valuation
              informed by independent external valuation reports from
                                                                             of the properties. Given the valuation uncertainty,
              LVC (four properties purchased during August 2021)
                                                                             the valuers have recommended in their reports
              and Colliers (the property acquired as part of the Clare
                                                                             that the valuations of the properties be kept under
              House business combination per Note 5.6. As at the
                                                                             frequent review. As at 31 March 2022, the Group has
              respective valuation dates (31 March 2021, 6 April 2021
                                                                             obtained confirmation from LVC that similar valuation
              and 22 August 2021), the Valuers had included a valuation
                                                                             uncertainty clauses would be included if valuation
              uncertainty clause in their reports as a result of the
                                                                             reports were obtained as at 31 March 2022 for all of the
              COVID-19 pandemic. This clause highlights the difficulties
                                                                             Group’s eight properties.
              in undertaking valuations due to the absence of or limited
              relevant transactional evidence that demonstrates
              current market pricing. Therefore, less certainty and a        Key accounting estimates and judgements
              higher degree of caution, should be attached to the point      Property measurements are categorised as Level 3
              estimate valuation.                                            (2021: Level 3) of the fair value measurement hierarchy
              As at 31 March 2021                                            as the fair value is determined using inputs that
                                                                             are unobservable.
              The Group’s three properties included in land and
              buildings were revalued on 31 March 2021 to $18,225k
              from a carrying value as at 31 March 2020 of $16,918k          Significant unobservable inputs
              resulting in a revaluation gain of $1,307k. The fair values    The significant unobservable input used in the fair
              of the three revalued land and buildings on freehold           value measurement of the Group’s land and buildings
              land have been determined by reference to independent          is the capitalisation rate applied to earnings. A
              valuations obtained as at 31 March 2021. These valuations      significant decrease/(increase) in the capitalisation
              were undertaken by a Property Institute of New Zealand         rate would result in significantly higher/(lower) fair
              registered valuer, LVC. LVC, an external independent           value measurement.
              valuation company employing registered valuers, have
              appropriate recognised professional qualifications             						



              Sensitivities					
                                                                            Adopted Value                     Capitilisation Rate

                As at 31 March 2021
                Valuation $NZ000's                                                18,225                 +0.5%            -0.5%

                Difference $NZ000's                                                                        1,318          (1,318)
                Difference %                                                                               7.2%            -7.2%




58                                                                                                                          Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




        3.3. REFUNDABLE OCCUPATION RIGHT
             AGREEMENTS

               Accounting policy

               Occupation Right Agreements (ORAs) confer the right to            A resident is charged an administration fee for the
               occupy a retirement unit and are considered leases under          right to occupy one of the Group’s units:
               NZ IFRS 16 Leases.                                                • for Clare House Retirement Village Limited, to a
               A new resident is charged a refundable security deposit on          maximum of 3.45% of the entry payment.
               being issued the right to occupy one of the Group’s units,        The village contribution is payable by the resident
               which is refunded to the resident subject to a new ORA for        on termination of the ORA. Village contribution is
               the unit being issued to an incoming resident, net of any         recognised as deferred management fees, note 2.2.
               amount owing to the Group. The Group has a legal right            The management fee receivable is recognised in
               to set off any amounts owing to the Group by a resident           accordance with the terms of the resident’s ORA.
               against that resident’s security deposit. Such amounts
               include management fees, rest home and hospital fees,             The deferred management fee represents the
               service fees and village fees. As the refundable occupation       difference between the management fees receivable
               right is repayable to the resident upon vacating the unit         under the ORA and the portion of the management fee
               (subject to a new ORA for the unit being issued to an             accrued which is recognised on a straight-line basis
               incoming resident), the fair value is equal to the face value,    over the longer of the term specified in a resident’s
               being the amount that can be refunded.                            ORA or the average expected occupancy for the
                                                                                 relevant accommodation, i.e., 8 years for villas and 3
               The right of residents to occupy the investment properties        years for serviced apartments (2021: 8 years for villas
               of the Group is protected by the Statutory Supervisor             and N/A for serviced apartments).
               restricting the ability of the Group to fully control these
               assets without undergoing a consultation process with all         The management fee recognised in the
               affected parties.                                                 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
                                                                                 represents income earned in line with the average
               A resident is charged a village contribution fee in               expected occupancy.
               consideration for the right to occupy one of the
               Group’s units:                                                    As a refundable occupation license payment is
                                                                                 repayable to the resident upon termination (subject to
               • for Windsor Lifestyle Estate Limited, to a maximum of
                                                                                 a new ORA being issued to an incoming resident), the
                 30% of the entry payment; and
                                                                                 fair value is equal to the face value, being the amount
               • for Elloughton Grange Village Limited, to a maximum of          that can be demanded.
                 30% of the entry payment; and
                                                                                 The expected maturity of the refundable obligations to
               • for Clare House Retirement Village Limited, to a
                                                                                 residents is beyond 12 months.
                 maximum of 30% of the entry payment.



                                                                                                      2022                    2021
                                                                                NOTE                  $000                    $000


                REFUNDABLE OCCUPATION RIGHT AGREEMENTS
                Refundable occupation licence payments                                               34,316                  24,125

                Less: Management fee receivable (per contract)                                       (5,700)                (3,534)

                                                                                                     28,616                 20,591



                RECONCILIATION OF MANAGEMENT FEES RECOGNISED UNDER NZ IFRS AND PER ORA
                Management fee receivable (per contract)                                             (5,700)                (3,534)

                Deferred management fee                                           3.1                 1,553                   1,178

                Management fee receivable (per NZ IFRS)                                              (4,147)                (2,356)




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                               59
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




         3.4. LEASES					

              Accounting policy

              At the commencement date of a lease (other than leases            Variable lease payments not included in the
              of 12 months or less and leases of low value assets), the         measurement of lease liabilities are recognised as an
              Group recognises a lease asset representing its right to          expense when incurred.
              use the underlying asset and a lease liability representing
                                                                                Leases of 12 months or less and leases of low
              its obligation to make lease payments.
                                                                                value assets
              Right-of-use assets                                               Lease payments made in relation to leases of 12
              Right-of-use assets are initially recognised at cost,             months or less and leases of low value assets (for
              comprising the amount of the initial measurement of               which a lease asset and a lease liability have not
              the lease liability, any lease payments made at or before         been recognised) are recognised as an expense on a
              the commencement date of the lease, less any lease                straight line basis over the lease term.
              incentives received, any initial direct costs incurred by the
              Group and an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group        Key accounting estimates and judgements
              in dismantling and removing the underlying asset, restoring
                                                                                Extension and termination options are included in
              the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying
                                                                                a number of leases across the Group. These terms
              asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions
                                                                                are used to maximise the operational flexibility of
              of the lease.
                                                                                contracts. The majority of extension and termination
              Subsequent to initial recognition, lease assets are               options are exercisable only by the Group and not by
              measured at cost (adjusted for any remeasurement                  the respective lessor. In determining the lease term,
              of the associated lease liability), less accumulated              management considers all facts and circumstances
              depreciation and any accumulated impairment loss.                 that lead to an economic incentive to exercise an
              Right-of-use assets are assessed for impairment                   extension option or not exercise a termination option.
              whenever events or circumstances arise that indicate              Extension options or periods after termination options
              the asset may be impaired. An asset’s carrying amount             are only included in the lease term if the lease option is
              is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if          reasonably certain to be exercised. This assessment is
              the asset’s carrying amount is greater than its estimated         reviewed if a significant event or significant change in
              recoverable amount.                                               circumstances occurs which affects this assessment
                                                                                and that is within the Group’s control. All extension
              Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter of the
                                                                                options have been assumed for the calculations of the
              lease term and the estimated useful life of the underlying
                                                                                Group’s lease liabilities.
              asset, consistent with the estimated consumption of the
              economic benefits embodied in the underlying asset.               The lease payments are discounted using the interest
                                                                                rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily
              Lease liabilities
                                                                                determined, which is generally the case for leases
              Lease liabilities are initially recognised at the present value   in the Group, the lessee’s incremental borrowing
              of the future lease payments (i.e., the lease payments that       rate is used, being the rate that the individual lessee
              are unpaid at the commencement date of the lease). These          would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to
              lease payments are discounted using the interest rate             obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use
              implicit in the lease, if that rate can be readily determined,    asset in a similar economic environment with similar
              or otherwise using the Group’s incremental borrowing rate.        terms, security and conditions. The weighted average
              Subsequent to initial recognition, the lease liability is         incremental borrowing rates applied by the Group is 5%
              measured at amortised cost using the effective interest           (2021: 5%). No new leases were entered into during the
              rate method. Interest expense on lease liabilities is             year (2021: none) and four leases were cancelled during
              recognised in profit or loss (as a component of finance           the year (2021: none were cancelled or modified).
              costs). Lease liabilities are remeasured to reflect
              changes to lease terms, changes to lease payments
              and any lease modifications not accounted for as
              separate leases.




60                                                                                                                              Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




                                                                                                                         2022                  2021
                                                                                                                         $000                 $000

               (A) RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
               Land and buildings under lease                                                                          152,980              191,603
               Accumulated depreciation                                                                                (19,068)             (14,433)
               Total carrying amount of right-of-use assets                                                            133,912              17 7,170


               RECONCILIATIONS
               Reconciliation of the carrying amount of lease assets at the beginning and end of the financial year:
               Land and buildings
               Opening carrying amount                                                                                  17 7,170            181,431
               Depreciation                                                                                             (6,767)              (7,290)
               Remeasurements                                                                                              794                3,029
               Disposals                                                                                               (37,285)                  —
               Closing carrying amount                                                                                 133,912              17 7,170


               On 5 August 2021, the Group acquired four properties, previously leased from Ohaupo Holdings Limited, refer notes 3.2 and 4.1.
               On acquisition, the disposal of the related right-of-use assets and lease liabilities resulted in a gain on modification of $1.4m
               being recognised upon the cancelling lease and derecognition of the related Lease liability and Right of Use asset.		



               (B) LEASE LIABILITIES
               Current
               Land and buildings                                                                                        4,023                4,051
               Non-current
               Land and buildings                                                                                      138,520              180,254
                                                                                                                       142,543             184,305


               (C) LEASE EXPENSES AND CASH FLOWS
               Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                                     7,655                8,823
               Depreciation expense on right-of-use assets                                                               6,767                7,290
               Cash outflow in relation to leases                                                                       11,522               12,850


               (D) MATURITY ANALYSIS - CONTRACTUAL UNDISCOUNTED CASH FLOWS
               - Not later than 1 year                                                                                  10,872               12,932
               - Later than 1 year and not later than 5 years                                                           43,620               52,035
               - Later than 5 years                                                                                    203,395              292,002
                                                                                                                       257,887             356,969




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                                61
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




        4.    SHAREHOLDER EQUITY AND FUNDING

         4.1. SHAREHOLDER EQUITY AND RESERVES

              Accounting policy

              Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares are shown in equity as
              a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

              The grant date fair value of equity settled share-based payment arrangements granted to employees is recognised as an
              expense, with a corresponding increase in equity.							

                                                                                                      2022                                   2021
                                                                                 Shares               $000               Shares             $000


                SHARE CAPITAL
                Authorised, issued and fully paid up capital                269,243,089              51,732        176,495,000              5,932
                Total contributed equity                                    269,243,089              51,732        176,495,000              5,932



                MOVEMENTS
                Opening balance of ordinary shares issued                   176,495,000               5,932         12,500,000              4,736
                Share split                                                          —                     —       162,500,000                 —
                Shares issued to employees and service providers                     —                     —          1,495,000             1,196
                Fully underwritten placement                                  57,692,307            30,000                   —                 —
                Shares issued to Ohaupo Holdings Limited                      19,230,768            10,000                   —                 —
                Retail offer                                                  15,825,014              8,229                  —                 —
                Share issuance costs                                                     —          (2,429)                  —                 —
                Closing balance of ordinary shares issued                   269,243,089              51,732        176,495,000              5,932




              All ordinary shares are authorised and rank equally with                       Retail offer					
              one vote attached to each fully paid ordinary share. The                       On 13 August 2021, allotment of 15,825,014 ordinary
              shares have no par value. The Group incurred $2.4m of                          shares were issued at $0.52 under a retail offer.
              transaction costs issuing the shares during the year
              (2021:$nil).					                                                              The share issue was authorised as per the
                                                                                             Shareholders’ resolution dated 23 July 2021.
              Fully underwritten placement
                                                                                             Share split
              On 27 July 2021 and 3 August 2021, 34,062,037 and
              23,630,270 ordinary shares were issued under a                                 On 8 December 2020 the Group undertook a 14: 1 split
              placement, at a final price of $0.52 per share (being $0.02                    of existing ordinary shares prior to listing on the NZX.
              above the underwritten floor price of $0.50).                                  Dividends
              The share issue was authorised as per the Shareholders’                        Dividend distributions to shareholders are recognised
              resolution dated 23 July 2021.                                                 as a liability in the period in which dividends are
                                                                                             declared. On 28 May 2021 a final dividend of 0.89 cents
              Shares issued to Ohaupo Holdings Limited
                                                                                             per share (fully imputed) was declared and was paid on
              On 5 August 2021, allotment of 19,230,768 ordinary shares                      21 June 2021. On 29 November 2021 a dividend of 0.70
              were issued at $0.52 to Ohaupo Holdings Limited’s                              cents per share (fully imputed) was declared and was
              nominees as part consideration for the purchase price                          paid on 23 December 2021. (2021: On 5 February 2021
              payable for the acquisition of land and buildings from                         a dividend of $0.58 cents per share (fully imputed) was
              Ohaupo Holdings Limited as described in note 3.2.                              declared and was paid on 26 February 2021.)
              The share issue was authorised as per the Shareholders’                        Asset Revaluation Reserve
              resolution dated 23 July 2021.
                                                                                             The asset revaluation reserve is used to record the
                                                                                             revaluation of freehold land and buildings.		




62                                                                                                                                           Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




        4.2. EARNINGS PER SHARE                                                 4.3. BORROWINGS

               Basic and diluted                                                   Accounting policy
               Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit       Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value,
               after tax of the Group by the weighted average number               including transaction costs incurred. Borrowings
               of ordinary shares outstanding during the year. Diluted             are subsequently measured at amortised cost. Any
               earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted          difference between the proceeds (net of transaction
               average number of ordinary shares outstanding to assume             costs) and the redemption amount is recognised in the
               conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. As at 31      Statement of Comprehensive Income over the period
               March 2022, there were no shares with a dilutive effect (31         of the borrowings, using the effective interest method.
               March 2021: none) and therefore basic and diluted earnings
               per share were the same.                                            Specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the
                                                                                   acquisition, construction or production of qualifying
                                                                                   assets, which are assets that necessarily take a
                                                      2022           2021
                                                      $000           $000
                                                                                   substantial period of time to get ready for their
                                                                                   intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those
                 Profit after tax                     2,673          1,705         assets, until such a time as the assets are substantially
                 Weighted average number                                           ready for their intended use. Other borrowing costs are
                 of ordinary shares                237,594        175,455          recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income
                 outstanding ('000s)                                               in the period in which they are incurred. The borrowing
                 Cents per share                       1.13          0.97          costs capitalised during the period was $nil (2021:
                                                                                   $49k). The related borrowing costs were solely for the
                                                                                   villages under development (note 3.1).		


                                                                                                                     2022           2021
                                                                                                                     $000           $000


                                                                                    SECURED LIABILITIES
                                                                                    Current
                                                                                    Bank Loans                          —           1,000
                                                                                    Non-current
                                                                                    Bank Loans                     30,000          26,212
                                                                                                                  30,000          27,212




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                  63
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




              Terms and conditions and assets pledged as security

                                                                                                                 Effective             Expiry
                                                             Current        Non-current     Facility Limit   Interest Rate              Date
                                                                $000              $000              $000                %


                31 MARCH 2022
                Committed Money Market - A                         —            15,500           20,000            3.30%     1 November 2026
                Committed Money Market - B                         —            14,500           20,000            2.80%     1 November 2026
                Committed Money Market - C                         —                 —           20,000                —     1 November 2026
                                                                   —            30,000           60,000



                31 MARCH 2021
                Committed Cash Advance                             —             17,387           18,000            2.01%       29 April 2023
                Committed Cash Advance                             —             9,825             9,825            1.76%        29 July 2023
                                                                   —            27,212            27,825




              Security		                                                                  Financing arrangements

              The bank loans of the Group are guaranteed by certain                       Under the Group’s bank loan arrangements with ASB
              Group entities and secured by mortgages over the                            Bank Limited, the Group must comply with externally
              Group’s care centre freehold land and buildings and rank                    imposed banking covenants. These covenants are
              second behind the Statutory Supervisors when the land                       tested and reported to the ASB on a quarterly basis.
              and buildings are classified as investment property and                     During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group
              investment property under development.                                      complied with all externally imposed banking covenant
                                                                                          requirements to which it is subject (2021: complied
              As at 31 March 2022 the balance of the bank loans over
                                                                                          with all). The Group has agreed with its banks that
              which the properties are held as security is $30m (31
                                                                                          the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA (Earnings Before
              March 2021: $9.8m), the total commitment as at 31 March
                                                                                          Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortisation) and Net
              2022 is $30m (31 March 2021: $9.8m).		
                                                                                          Interest, for the purposes of the financial covenants,
                                                                                          shall continue to be based on the accounting
              Other                                                                       treatment in use before the introduction and adoption
              The Group has a Corporate Banking Overdraft Facility                        of NZ IFRS 16 Leases (2021: The Group has agreed
              Agreement with ASB Bank Limited for $2m (31 March 2021:                     with its banks that the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA
              $1.5m) that has an expiry date on 31 March 2049 (31 March                   (Earnings Before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and
              2021: 31 March 2049). This facility bears interest at an                    Amortisation) and Net Interest, for the purposes of the
              effective interest rate of 4.24% (31 March 2021: 3.57%) and                 financial covenants, shall continue to be based on the
              is secured over the assets of the Group and guaranteed                      accounting treatment in use before the introduction
              by certain Group entities. At reporting date this overdraft                 and adoption of NZ IFRS 16 Leases.).			
              facility was not drawn (31 March 2021: $Nil).                               				




64                                                                                                                                      Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




      5.       OTHER DISCLOSURE

        5.1. INCOME TAX

               Accounting policy

               Current income tax expense or credit is the tax payable         The Group’s ORAs comprise two distinct cash flows
               on the current period’s taxable income based on the             (being an ORA deposit upon entering the unit and the
               applicable income tax rate adjusted by changes in deferred      refund of this deposit upon exit). In determining the tax
               tax assets and liabilities.                                     base of investment property, the Group considered
                                                                               whether taxable cash flows are received at the end of
               Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for          the ORA period (i.e., upon refund of the ORA deposit by
               temporary differences at the applicable tax rates when          way of set-off on exit by a resident) or at the beginning
               the assets are expected to be recovered or liabilities are      of the ORA period (i.e., at time of the receipt of the ORA
               settled. Deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they    deposit). The Group has carefully evaluated all the
               arise from the initial recognition of goodwill. Deferred        available information and considers it appropriate to
               income tax is also not recognised if it arises from the         recognise and measure the tax base and associated
               initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction   deferred tax based on the taxable cash flows being
               other than a business combination that at the time of           receivable at the end of the ORA period as this best
               the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable          represents the Group’s contractual entitlement.
               profit or loss.
                                                                               In calculating deferred tax under the Held for Use
               Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible               methodology, the Group has made significant
               temporary differences and unused tax losses only if it is       judgements to determine taxable temporary
               probable that future taxable amounts will be available to       differences. The carrying value of the Group’s
               utilise those temporary differences and losses.                 investment property is determined on a discounted
               Current and deferred tax balances attributable to               cash flow basis and includes cash flows that are
               amounts recognised directly in equity are also recognised       both taxable and non-taxable in the future. The Group
               directly in equity.                                             has recognised deferred tax on the cash flows with
                                                                               a future tax consequence being DMF as provided by
                                                                               CBRE, to the extent that it arises from depreciable
               Key accounting estimates and judgements
                                                                               components (i.e., buildings) of the investment property.
               Deferred tax on Investment Property                             The Group uses the valuers valuations to estimate
                                                                               the apportionment of cash flows arising from the
               Deferred tax on investment property is assessed on the
                                                                               depreciable (i.e., buildings) and non-depreciable
               basis that the asset value will be realised through use
                                                                               components (i.e., land). 				
               (“Held for Use”).
                                                                               			
               An initial recognition exemption has been applied to newly
               developed village sites in accordance with NZ IAS 12
               Income Taxes.




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                               65
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




                                                                                                                         2022       2021
                                                                                                                         $000       $000


                (A) COMPONENTS OF TAX EXPENSE
                Current tax                                                                                              1,331      2,155
                Deferred tax                                                                                             (923)     (1,831)
                                                                                                                          408         324


                (B) INCOME TAX RECONCILIATION
                The prima facie tax payable on profit before tax is reconciled to the income tax expense as follows:
                Prima facie income tax payable on profit before tax at 28.0%                                              863         568
                Permanent differences                                                                                    (138)      (443)
                (Over)/Under provision for income tax in prior year                                                       (317)       223
                Other                                                                                                       —         (24)
                Income tax expense attributable to profit                                                                 408         324


                (C) DEFERRED TAX
                Deferred tax relates to the following:
                Non-current asset
                Deferred tax assets
                The balance comprises:
                  Lease liabilities                                                                                     39,912    51,605
                  Provisions                                                                                             2,444      1,970
                  Deferred management fee income                                                                         1,025        765
                                                                                                                       43,381     54,340
                Deferred tax liabilities
                The balance comprises
                  Property, plant and equipment                                                                         2,000      1,098
                  Right-of-use assets                                                                                  37,496     49,607
                                                                                                                       39,496     50,705

                Net deferred tax assets                                                                                 3,885      3,635


                (D) DEFERRED INCOME TAX REVENUE COMPRISES:
                Through profit included in income tax expense
                Decrease/(Increase) in deferred tax assets                                                             10,959       (388)
                Decrease in deferred tax liabilities                                                                   (11,209)   (1,443)
                Increase in deferred tax liabiliies as a result of acquisition                                           (673)         —
                                                                                                                         (923)    (1,831)

                Through other comprehensive income
                Increase in deferred tax liabilities                                                                        —         202
                                                                                                                            —         202

                Increase in deferred tax liabilities                                                                     (923)    (1,629)

                Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences as Management considers that it is probable
                that future taxable profits will be available to utilise those temporary differences. 			


                (E) IMPUTATION CREDITS AVAILABLE FOR USE IN SUBSEQUENT PERIODS
                Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                    5,549       4,104
                Dividends paid                                                                                           (963)      (285)
                New Zealand tax payments, net of refunds                                                                 2,149      1,744
                Other debits                                                                                                —         (14)
                Balance at the end of the year                                                                          6,735      5,549




66                                                                                                                                  Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




        5.2. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

               Accounting policy                                                      growth and changes to cost structures. Cash flows
                                                                                      from performance thereafter are estimated using
               Goodwill
                                                                                      a standard growth rate deemed to be reasonable
               Goodwill represents the future economic benefits arising               by management.
               from other assets acquired in a business combination that
               are not individually identifiable or separately recognised.            The key assumptions used for discounted cash flows
               Goodwill is initially recognised at an amount equal to                 calculations are as follows:
               the excess of: (a) the aggregate of the consideration                  • The year 1, 2 and 3 forecast cash flows are based
               transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest, and             on management forecasts approved by the Board
               the acquisition date fair value of the acquirer’s previously             of Directors
               held equity interest (in the case of a step acquisition), over         • The cash flow period used in the calculations was 3
               (b) the net fair value of the identifiable assets acquired               years (2021: 3 years)
               and liabilities assumed. For accounting purposes, such
                                                                                      • The pre-tax discount rate applied in the calculations
               measurement is treated as the cost of goodwill at
                                                                                        was between 11.48% and 13.99% (2021: pre-tax
               that date.
                                                                                        between 12.6% and 13.3%)
               Goodwill is not amortised, but is tested for impairment                • The terminal growth rate applied in the calculations
               annually, or more frequently if events or changes in                     was 2.0% (2021: 2.0%)
               circumstances indicate that it might be impaired.
                                                                                      • Occupancy projections vary between CGU based on
               Subsequent to initial recognition, goodwill is measured at
                                                                                        actual and expected occupancy rates.
               cost less any accumulated impairment losses.		
               					                                                                  Management believes that no reasonably possible
                                                                                      changes in any of the above key assumptions would
                                                              2022           2021
                                               NOTE                                   cause the carrying value of the goodwill to be
                                                              $000          $000
                                                                                      materially lower than its recoverable amount.
                 Goodwill at cost                           16,996         16,996     Care CGUs Recoverable Amount
                 Purchase of Clare
                 House companies 1
                                                  5.6         2,761            —      The recoverable amount of the individual care sites
                                                                                      as at 31 March 2022 has been determined based on
                                                             19,757        16,996
                                                                                      fair value less costs of disposal, determined using
                1. On 1 November 2021, the Group acquired the shares in Clare House   discounted cash flows. As the recoverable amount
                Care Limited and Clare House Retirement Village Limited as part of    of individual care sites was determined using inputs
                the Clare House business combination, refer to note 5.6.              that are significant and unobservable, the Group has
                                                                                      categorised these inputs as Level 3 under the fair
                                                                                      value hierarchy in accordance with NZ IFRS 13 Fair
               Key accounting estimates and judgements
                                                                                      Value Measurement. The significant unobservable
               Goodwill has been assessed as having indefinite useful                 inputs used in the fair value measurement of the
               lives, as there is no foreseeable limit to the period over             recoverable amount of the Group’s individual care
               which the asset is expected to generate net cash inflow for            sites were as described above, year 1 to 3 forecast
               the Group.                                                             cash flows, a pre-tax discount rate, a terminal growth
                                                                                      rate and occupancy projections based on actual and
               Goodwill is allocated to 21 (2021: 20) individual CGUs within
                                                                                      expected occupancy rates.
               the residential care business (which are various individual
               residential care and village businesses acquired by the                • A significant increase/(decrease) in the forecast
               Group). Support office cash flows incurred by the Group is               cash flows, terminal growth rate, occupancy
               allocated to each CGU based on bed numbers.                              projections and rates assumptions would result in a
                                                                                        significantly higher/(lower) fair value measurement.
               The recoverable amount of CGUs as at reporting date
                                                                                      • A significant increase/(decrease) in the pre-tax
               has been determined based on its fair value less costs
                                                                                        discount rate would result in a significantly (lower)/
               of disposal, determined using discounted cash flows
                                                                                        higher fair value measurement.
               that includes management’s estimates based on
               past performance and its expectation for the future
               performance for up to 3 years. These estimates are
               based on budgeted projections of occupancy levels, sales




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                      67
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




         5.3. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

              Accounting policy

              Trade receivables are amounts due from residents and Government agencies in the ordinary course of business, and are
              recognised initially at fair value being the transaction price plus any transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition,
              receivables from contracts with customers are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method
              less impairment.


                                                                                                                                                 2022                           2021
                                                                                                                                                 $000                           $000
                CURRENT
                Trade receivables                                                                                                                9,151                         6,945
                Allowance for credit losses                                                                                                      (694)                          (722)
                                                                                                                                                8,457                         6,223
                NZX listing bond                                                                                                                    75                             75
                Prepayments 1, 2                                                                                                                 1,144                           681
                Accrued Income                                                                                                                        5                            10
                Other receivables                                                                                                                   91                             54
                                                                                                                                                9,7 72                         7,043

                NON-CURRENT
                Prepayments                                                                                                                           2                             6
                Accrued Income                                                                                                                     108                            132
                                                                                                                                                   110                           138
                                                                                                                                                9,882                           7,181


              1. Comparative information relating to $159k of SaaS arrangements under development have been reclassified from property plant and equipment - work in progress to trade and
                 other receivables - prepayments.
              2. Comparative information relating to $722k of development costs have been reclassified from trade and other receivables - prepayments to property plant and equipment - work
                 in progress.




68                                                                                                                                                                              Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




               Recognition, measurement and judgements in applying accounting policies

               When measuring expected credit losses (‘ECL’) the Group uses reasonable and supportable forward looking information, which is
               based on assumptions for future movement of different economic drivers and how these drivers will affect each other.

               The expected credit losses on trade receivables are estimated using a provision matrix by reference to past default experience
               of the debtors and an analysis of the debtors’ current financial positions, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors,
               general economic conditions of the industry in which the debtors operate and an assessment of both the current as well as the
               forecast direction of conditions at the reporting date.

               The Group has the following financial assets subject to the application of the expected credit loss model:
               • Trade receivables from care operations for the provision of care fees revenue for rest home and hospital fees. These are split
                 between private amounts owed by residents and amounts due from agencies such as the Ministry of Health and Accident
                 Compensation Corporation.		
               • Trade receivables from village operations for the provision of weekly service fees and occupation licence payment
                 receivables. These are receivable from residents.				

               The following table provides information about the risk profile of trade receivables from contracts with residents and
               Government agencies using a provision matrix. The information in the below table does not distinguish between resident
               or product types as the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not show different patterns for different resident or
               product types.							

                                                                                            12-month Expected Credit Losses
                                                                                                     Days Past Due
                                                                                                                          91 and
                                                                           Not Past Due        31-60         61-90          Over         Total

                 2022
                 Estimated total gross carrying amount at default ($000)          5,190         860           462           2,639        9,151
                 Expected credit loss rate (%)                                    0.3%         0.3%          2.4%         25.2%          7.6%
                 Expected credit loss rate ($000)                                   14             3            11           666         694


                 2021
                 Estimated total gross carrying amount at default ($000)          5,152         434           246            1,113      6,945
                 Expected credit loss rate (%)                                    0.3%         0.5%          2.9%         62.7%         10.4%
                 Expected credit loss rate ($000)                                   15             2             7           698          722




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                           69
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




         5.4. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES                                            5.5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
                                                                                     Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group.
              Accounting policy                                                      The Group controls an entity when it is exposed
              Trade payables are recognised initially at fair value                  to, or has rights to, variable returns from its
              less transaction costs and subsequently measured at                    involvement with the entity and has the ability
              amortised costs using the effective interest method.                   to affect those returns through its power over
                                                                                     the entity.

              Employee benefits                                                      The financial statements of subsidiaries are
                                                                                     prepared for the same reporting period as the
              (i) Short-term employee benefit obligations
                                                                                     parent entity, using consistent accounting policies.
              Liabilities arising in respect of wages and salaries,                  Adjustments are made to bring into line any
              annual leave and other employee benefits (other than                   dissimilar accounting policies which may exist.
              termination benefits) expected to be settled wholly before
                                                                                     All intercompany transactions and balances are
              twelve months after the end of the reporting period
                                                                                     eliminated. The subsidiaries are consolidated from
              are measured at the (undiscounted) amounts based on
                                                                                     the date the Group gains control until the date on
              remuneration rates which are expected to be paid when
                                                                                     which control ceases.
              the liability is settled.

              (ii) Long-term employee benefit obligations
              The provision for other long-term employee benefits,
              including obligations for long service leave and annual
              leave, which are not expected to be settled wholly before
              twelve months after the end of the reporting period, are
              measured at the present value of the estimated future
              cash outflow to be made in respect of the services
              provided by employees up to the reporting date.

              When the Group does not have an unconditional right
              to defer settlement for at least twelve months after
              the reporting date, those employee entitlements are
              presented as current. All other long-term employee benefit
              obligations are presented as non-current liabilities.

              (iii) Retirement benefit obligations: Defined contribution
              superannuation plan
              The Group makes superannuation contributions to the
              employee’s defined contribution superannuation plan
              of choice in respect of employee services rendered
              during the year. These superannuation contributions
              are recognised as an expense in the same period when
              the related employee services are received. The Group’s
              obligation with respect to employee’s defined contributions
              entitlements is limited to its obligation for any unpaid
              superannuation guarantee contributions at the end of the
              reporting period.

                                                             2022          2021
                                                             $000          $000
                CURRENT
                Unsecured liabilities
                Trade creditors                              3,937     3,893
                GST payable                                    811          713
                Other payables                                  14          33
                Accrued expenses                             1,397         926
                Annual leave                                 6,421     5,339
                Other employee entitlements                  4,321     3,846
                Deferred government grants income               —           161
                                                            16,901     14,911



70                                                                                                                             Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




               Subsidiaries

               The following are the Group’s subsidiaries

               On 1 November 2021, the Company purchased the shares in the Clare House companies, see note 5.6 for the
               business combination.

               All subsidiaries are incorporated in New Zealand and have a balance date of 31 March. 			
                                                                                                                Ownership Interests
                                                                                                                  and Voting Rights
                 Name of Entity                      Principal Activities                                         2022         2021     Class of Shares

                 Radius Arran Court Limited          Lessee entity for Radius Arran Court facility               100%         100%             Ordinary

                 Windsor Lifestyle Estate Limited    Operating entity for Windsor retirement village             100%         100%             Ordinary

                 Radius Care Limited (non-trading)   Dormant                                                     100%         100%             Ordinary

                 Elloughton Grange
                                                     Operating entity for Elloughton retirement village          100%         100%             Ordinary
                 Village Limited

                                                     Property owning entity for St Helenas, Thornleigh
                 Radius Care Holdings Limited        Park, Lexham Park, Windsor Court, Taupaki Gables,           100%         100%             Ordinary
                                                     Elloughton Gardens and Heatherlea.

                 Clare House Retirement              Operating entity for Clare House
                                                                                                                 100%           N/A            Ordinary
                 Village Limited                     retirement village

                 Clare House Care Limited            Operating entity for Clare House Care                       100%           N/A            Ordinary



               Key management personnel compensation and other related parties					

               Key management personnel are all executives and Directors with the authority for the strategic direction and management of the Group.

                 Related Party                         Relationship

                 Brien Cree                            Director and Ultimate Shareholder (via Wave Rider Holdings Limited)

                 Duncan Cook                           Director and Shareholder

                 Bret Jackson                          Director and Ultimate Shareholder (via Takatimu Investments Limited)

                 Timothy Sumner                        Director (until 25 February 2022) and Shareholder

                 Mary Gardiner                         Director

                 Hamish Stevens                        Director and Shareholder

                 Wave Rider Holdings Limited           Shareholder

                                                       Shareholder (The shares increased by 1,705,221 due to the distribution of the Knox Fund IV NZD
                 Takatimu Investments Limited
                                                       LP and Fund IV AUD LP)

                 Sharp Tudhope Lawyers Limited         Consultant (Duncan Cook - ceased being a partner since 31 December 2020)

                 Cibus Catering Limited                Common Director (Brien Cree)

                 Valhalla Capital Limited              Common Director (Brien Cree)

                 Harmos Horton Lusk Limited            Shareholder (from 9 December 2020 to 1 February 2021)

                 Tom Wilson                            Shareholder

                 Time Capital NZ Limited               Director (Tom Wilson)

                 Ohaupo Holdings Limited               Common Shareholder (Neil Foster)

                 Neil Foster                           Shareholder

                 Warehouse Storage Limited             Common Shareholder (Neil Foster)




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                                71
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




                                                                                                            2022                2021
                                                                                                            $000                $000

                Directors' remuneration and expenses                                                         494                     410

                Dividends to Director related entities                                                      1,316                523

                Key management personnel salaries and other short term employee benefits                    1,911               1,294

                Key management personnel dividends                                                             9                      3

                                                                                                           3,730               2,230

                OTHER RELATED PARTIES
                Trade creditors

                  - Cibus Catering Limited                                                                    54                     86


                Trade debtors

                  - Cibus Catering Limited                                                                    14                       7


                Legal Fees

                  - Sharp Tudhope Lawyers Limited                                                              —                     149

                  - Duncan Cook - Share based payments                                                         —                 299

                  - Harmos Horton Lusk Limited                                                                 —                  547

                  - Harmos Horton Lusk Limited - Share based payments                                          —                 200

                Catering services

                  - Cibus Catering Limited                                                                 5,886                4,7 7 7

                Consulting fees

                  - Time Capital NZ Limited (since Tom Wilson became a shareholder)                          100                     33

                  - Tim Sumner                                                                                151                     —

                  - Duncan Cook                                                                              200                     124

                  - Tom Wilson - Share based payments                                                          —                     125

                Purchase of property, plant and equipment

                  - Ohaupo Holdings Limited                                                               31,400                      —

                  - Additional fees paid to directors associated with issue of shares                         60                      —


                Rent paid

                  - Ohaupo Holdings Limited                                                                  7 70               2,186


                  Personal Guarantee fee

                  - Brien Cree 1                                                                              170                    85

              1. FY21-payment relates to part year only.




              Subsequent events

              Refer to note 5.10 (subsequent events) for a disclosure of a transaction with Warehouse Storage Limited in May 2022.




72                                                                                                                                        Caring is our calling
                                                                                                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




               Assignment of an agreement for the purchase of
               land from a Director

               Brien Cree (Director) and the Group are party to an           The Board approved the Assignment Agreement on 2
               agreement (“the Assignment Agreement”), whereby               April 2021 on the basis the Group had obtained:
               Brien has agreed to assign to the Group his rights under      • resource consent and funding for the development
               an agreement for sale and purchase of real estate               of an integrated aged care facility and retirement
               (“Land SPA”), to acquire a circa 4.3 hectare development        village on the property and
               property at Main North Road, Belfast, Christchurch (‘the
                                                                             • an independent valuation had confirmed that
               development property’) from an unrelated third party.
                                                                               the property’s fair value after resource consent
               The purchase price under the Land SPA is $5.8m, of              exceeded the purchase price of the property
               which a non-refundable deposit of $300k had already             (including the additional $400k consideration
               been paid by Brien during the 2021 financial year. On the       payable to Brien Cree).			
               date of settlement, being 16 April 2021, the Group paid
                                                                             The balance of the purchase price under the land
               the remaining consideration of $400k, net of the non-
                                                                             sale and purchase agreement amounting to $5.5m is
               refundable deposit paid during the 2021 financial year, to
                                                                             payable to the third party vendor on settlement, which
               Brien, consistent with the Assignment Agreement.
                                                                             will be completed when the title of the property is
               A condition of the Assignment Agreement was approval of
                                                                             issued. It is currently expected that title will be issued
               the transaction by the Board of the Group by 2 April 2021.
                                                                             in early 2023.					
               On 2 April 2021 the Board (excluding Brien as an interested
                                                                             		
               Director) exercised its right to approve the Assignment
               Agreement and the Group now holds the rights to acquire
               the development property.



Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                             73
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




         5.6. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS					 			

              a. Summary of acquisition							

              On 1 November 2021 the Company acquired 100% of the issued share capital of Clare House Care Limited and Clare House
              Retirement Village Limited, provider of rest home and hospital care for the elderly and a retirement village.

              Details of the purchase consideration, the net assets acquired and goodwill are as follows:					
                                                                                                                                     2022
                                                                                                                                     $000
               Purchase consideration (refer to (b) below):                                                                    Fair values
               Cash paid                                                                                                          14,500

               The assets and liabilities recognised as a result of the acquisition are as follows:
               Cash                                                                                                                   500
               Trade receivables                                                                                                       281
               Inventories                                                                                                              41
               Property, plant and equipment                                                                                        6,598
               Investment properties                                                                                               12,840
               Deferred tax liability                                                                                                (673)
               Trade payables                                                                                                        (381)
               Refundable Occupation Right Agreements                                                                              (6,905)
               Wage accruals                                                                                                         (137)
               Employment benefit obligations                                                                                        (294)
               Income tax payable                                                                                                     (131)
                                                                                                                                   11,739

               Add: Goodwill                                                                                                         2,761
                                                                                                                                  14,500
              		

              The goodwill is attributable mainly to the work force and the synergies expected to be achieved from integrating the company
              into the Group’s existing Aged Care and Retirement Village business.

              There were no acquisitions in the year ending 31 March 2021.

              Revenue and profit contribution
              The acquired business contributed revenues of $2.7m and profit before tax of $0.5m to the group for the period from 1 November
              2021 to 31 March 2022.

              If the acquisition had occurred on 1 April 2021, consolidated pro-forma revenue and profit before tax for the year ended 31 March
              2022 would have been $6.2m and $1.0m respectively. These amounts have been calculated using the subsidiaries’ results and
              adjusting them for:							
              • differences in the accounting policies between the group and the subsidiaries, and
              • the additional depreciation and amortisation that would have been charged assuming the fair value adjustments to property,
                plant and equipment had applied from 1 April 2021, together with the consequential tax effects.


              b. Purchase consideration - cash outflow							
                                                                                                                                     2022
                                                                                                                                     $000
                                                                                                                                Fair values
               Outflow of cash to acquire subsidiaries, net of cash acquired

               Proceeds from bank borrowings                                                                                        14,500

               Less: Balances acquired

                      Cash                                                                                                             500

               Net outflow of cash - investing activities                                                                          14,000




74                                                                                                                                     Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




        5.7. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
               The Group is exposed to the following financial risks in the normal course of business:
               a. Credit risk
               b. Liquidity risk
               c. Interest rate risk

               The Board of Directors reviews and agrees on policies for managing each of these risks as summarised below:

                                                                                                                 2022                    2021
                                                                                         NOTE                    $000                    $000

                 FINANCIAL ASSETS
                 Amortised cost
                 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                      2,088                    2,761
                 Trade and other receivables                                               5.3                  8,457                   6,223
                 Total assets                                                                                  10,545                   8,984


                 FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
                 Amortised cost
                 Trade and other payables                                                   5.4                  6,159                  5,566
                 Lease liabilities                                                          3.4               142,543                 184,305
                 Borrowings                                                                4.3                 30,000                   27,212
                 Refundable Occupation Right Agreements                                    3.3                 28,616                   20,591
                 Total liabilities                                                                            207,318                 237,674



               (a) Credit risk				

               Credit risk is the risk that one party to a financial                 (i) Cash deposits and other receivables
               instrument will cause a financial loss for the other party by         Credit risk for cash deposits is managed by holding all
               failing to discharge an obligation.                                   cash deposits with high credit rating financial institutions,
               The Group’s exposure to credit risk, or the risk of                   i.e., major registered New Zealand banks.
               counterparties defaulting, arises mainly from cash at bank,           (ii) Trade receivables
               trade and other receivables.
                                                                                     Credit risk with respect to trade receivables is limited due
               The maximum exposure to credit risk, excluding the value              to the large number of customers who qualify for Ministry
               of any collateral or other security, at reporting date,               of Health funding in relation to payment of our services.
               of recognised financial assets is the carrying amount                 Amounts owed by the residents are generally unsecured.
               of those assets, net of any provisions for impairment                 Credit risk is managed through the use of admission
               of those assets, as disclosed in the consolidated                     agreements for all residents, which gives contractual
               statement of financial position and notes to consolidated             rights to the Group in relation to security and collection
               financial statements.                                                 of debts in circumstances where there is no entitlement
                                                                                     to Ministry of Health funding. All admissions are reviewed
               The Group has no significant concentrations of credit
                                                                                     to ensure a duly completed admission agreement is
               risk. The Group’s trade receivables represent distinct
                                                                                     available. The loss allowance for expected credit losses
               trading relationships with each of its residents and various
                                                                                     of trade receivables is provided in Note 5.3. As the Group
               Government agencies. The only large trade receivables
                                                                                     undertakes transactions with a large number of customers
               relate to the Accident Compensation Corporation,
                                                                                     and regularly monitors payment in accordance with credit
               residential care subsidies which are receivable in
                                                                                     terms, the financial assets that are neither past due nor
               aggregate from various District Health Boards and
                                                                                     impaired, are expected to be received in accordance with
               Work and Income New Zealand. These entities are not
                                                                                     the credit risk.
               considered a credit risk.

               The Group does not have any material credit risk exposure
               to any single counterparty or group of counterparties
               under financial instruments entered into by the Group.




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                            75
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




              (b) Liquidity risk

              Liquidity risk is the risk that an entity will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated with financial liabilities.

              The Group has liquidity risk with respect to its repayment obligations of financial liabilities.			

              The Group maintains a rolling 90 day forecast of daily cash flows to ensure it will have sufficient liquidity to meet its
              liabilities as they fall due. This is linked to a monthly rolling forecast which provides directional liquidity expectations for a
              minimum of a further twelve months.

              The Group has a bank facility which is subject to certain covenant clauses, whereby it is required to meet certain key
              performance indicators. This bank facility is provided by the ASB Bank. Refer to note 4.3 for further information on the
              Group’s banking facility and covenant compliance.							

              The following table outlines the Group’s remaining contractual maturities for non-derivative financial instruments. The
              amounts presented in the table are the undiscounted contractual cash flows of the financial liabilities allocated to time
              bands based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay.				


                                                                                                        Between 1            Between 2
                                                                          Less than 1 Year             and 2 Years          and 5 Years           Over 5 Years
                                                                                      $000                   $000                  $000                    $000

               2022
               Trade and other payables                                               6,159                    —                      —                       —
               Lease liabilities                                                     10,872                21,794                21,826                203,395
               Borrowings                                                                —                     —                 30,000                       —
               Refundable Occupation Right Agreements 1                             28,616                     —                      —                       —
                                                                                    45,647                 21,794                51,826                203,395


               2021
               Trade and other payables                                              5,566                     —                      —                       —
               Lease liabilities                                                    12,933                 12,988                39,047                292,002
               Borrowings                                                                —                     —                  27,212                      —
               Refundable Occupation Right Agreements 1                             20,591                     —                      —                       —
                                                                                   39,090                  12,988               66,259                 292,002


              1. The refundable ORAs are repayable to the resident on vacation of the unit or on the termination of the Occupation Right Agreement and subsequent
              resale of the unit. The expected maturity of the refundable ORAs is shown in note 3.3.




76                                                                                                                                                        Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




               c. Interest rate risk

               The Group is exposed to interest rate risk in relation to its interest earning cash deposits and its interest bank borrowings. Interest
               rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate as a result of changes in market
               interest rates. The Group manages its interest rate risk by maintaining a mix of variable rate and fixed rate borrowings.

               Interest rates on cash at bank are subject to market risk in the event of changes in its interest rates. Interest rates on non-current
               bank borrowings are generally subject to review annually or at shorter intervals, and interest rates on current borrowings can be
               reviewed at the lender’s discretion.

               The following table outlines that Group’s exposure to interest rate risk in relation to future cash flows and the effective weighted
               average interest rates on classes of financial assets and financial liabilities:					


                                                                                                        Non-interest            Total Carrying              Weighted
                                                                           Interest Bearing                 Bearing                    Amount       Average Effective
                 2022                                                                    $000                    $000                     $000          Interest Rate

                  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                  Financial assets
                 Cash                                                                   2,088                       —                    2,088              0.0% Fixed

                 Financial liabilities
                 Bank and other loans                                                 (30,000)                      —                 (30,000)            3.06% Fixed 1
                  Lease liabilities                                                (142,543)                        —                (142,543)              5.0% Fixed
                                                                                  (172,543)                         —               (172,543)



                  2021


                  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                  Financial assets
                  Cash                                                                    2,761                      —                    2,761             0.0% Fixed

                  Financial liabilities
                  Bank and other loans                                                 (27,212)                      —                 (27,212)             1.9% Fixed 1
                  Lease liabilities                                                (184,305)                         —               (184,305)              5.0% Fixed
                                                                                      (211,517)                      —                (211,517)

                1. The interest rate on the Group’s bank loans is fixed for a relevant ‘Interest period’ (being either 30, 60, 90 or 180 days) and comprises the Base Rate
                (equal to the BKBM on the first day of the relevant Interest Period), plus a Margin and Line fee in accordance with the Group’s agreement with the bank. The
                weighted average interest period term as at 31 March 2022 was 90 days (2021: 90 days).


               No other financial assets or financial liabilities are expected to be exposed to interest rate risk.


               Sensitivity						

               If interest rates were to increase/decrease by 100 basis points from the rates prevailing at the reporting date, assuming
               all other variables remain constant, then the impact on profit for the year and equity would be as follows:


                                                            2022              2021
                                                            $000              $000

                 + / - 100 basis points
                 Impact on profit after tax                  (300)            (272)
                 Impact on equity                             (216)           (196)




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                                                  77
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS & NOTES




         5.8. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES                                         into a separate nomination agreement to nominate
                                                                             its purchaser rights for the purchase of one of the
              Lester Heights business			                                     properties, Radius Kensington, to a related party,
                                                                             Warehouse Storage Limited, related by virtue of
              On 26 June 2013, the Group entered into an agreement to
                                                                             common shareholder, (the Nomination). The Group has
              sell the Lester Heights business. The sale was settled on
                                                                             also been granted an option to acquire the property
              31 August 2013. One of the conditions of sale is that in the
                                                                             back from Warehouse Storage Limited from 24 May
              event that the new business owner defaults on the rental
                                                                             2022 onwards, at a purchase price determined based
              payments, the Group is required to guarantee the rent.
                                                                             on an agreed yield, calculated on the current market
              For the years ended 31 March 2021 and 2022, no amounts
                                                                             rent at the time the option is taken up. The Nomination
              were paid, and no amounts have been paid to date, but in
                                                                             and Option enabled the Group to execute the
              the event that a default occurs, the potential cost to the
                                                                             transaction quickly and efficiently with the vendor. As
              Group is an annual rent of $238,000 per annum until 2029.
                                                                             at 30 April 2022, the net of the right-of-use asset and
              The Group will likely assume operations at this facility,
                                                                             lease liabilities attributable to the four purchased sites,
              in the event of a default. At reporting date the Group
                                                                             Radius Arran Court, Radius Fulton, Radius Peppertree
              has assessed the likelihood of the new business owner
                                                                             and Radius St Joans was $1,759k lease liability. The
              defaulting on the rental payment as not probable.
                                                                             purchase price attributable to the four purchased
                                                                             sites, Radius Arran Court, Radius Fulton, Radius
              Other			                                                       Peppertree and Radius St Joans was $46.7m. The
                                                                             purchase price attributable to the Radius Kensington
              There were no other material contingent liabilities at
                                                                             site that was nominated to Warehouse Storage Limited
              reporting date (2021:Nil).			
                                                                             was $14.6m.


         5.9. COMMITMENTS                                                    New banking arrangements			
              At 31 March 2022, the Group has a commitment to develop        As noted above, the $46.7m purchase price for the UCG
              and construct a certain site totaling $4m (31 March            Acquisition was fully funded by the following new and
              2021:nil). As at the date of these preliminary results, the    existing facilities provided by ASB Bank on 6 May 2022:
              development remains within the budgeted costs.                 • a new $23.7m term loan with a five-year term;
              There are no significant unrecognised contractual              • an existing development facility that will be partially
              obligations entered into for future repairs and                  (as to $15m) repurposed to support funding the UCG
              maintenance at balance date. 			                                 Acquisition for up to five months; and
                                                                             • a new $8m bridge facility with a five-month term.

         5.10. EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO REPORTING DATE
                                                                             Dividends					

              Purchase of five leased property assets and                    On 30 May 2022, the Board declared a final dividend
              concurrent nomination of the purchase of one (of the           of 0.76 cents per share (grossed up for imputation
              five purchases) to a related party                             credits), that was paid on 22 June 2022.

              On 29 March 2022, the Group entered into a conditional
              agreement to purchase a further five properties they           Other
              were leasing from UCG Investments Limited (being the           There has been no other matter or circumstance which
              Radius Arran Court, Radius Fulton, Radius Peppertree,          has arisen since 31 March 2022 that has significantly
              Radius St Joans and Radius Kensington care facilities).        affected or may significantly affect:		
              These purchase transactions were conditional on Radius
                                                                             a. the operations, in financial years subsequent to 31
              Residential Care Limited shareholder approval. On 14
                                                                                March 2022, of the Group or
              April 2022, the Group issued a Notice of Special Meeting
              on 5 May 2022 along with additional documentation              b. the results of those operations or		
              for shareholders to consider. At the Special Meeting           c. the state of affairs, in financial years subsequent to
              shareholders approved the transactions which were                 31 March 2022, of the Group.				
              settled on 6 May 2022 (subsequent to the 31 March 2022            		
              reporting date). Also on 29 March 2022, the Group entered




78                                                                                                                           Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                                   AUDIT REPORT




Level 9, 45 Queen Street, Auckland        T: +64 9 309 0463
PO Box 3899, Auckland 1140                F: +64 9 309 4544
New Zealand                               E: auckland@bakertillysr.nz
                                          W: www.bakertillysr.nz




  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
  To the Shareholders of Radius Residential Care Limited
  Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements


  Opinion
  We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Radius Residential Care Limited and its subsidiaries ('the Group') on pages 39 to
  78, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 March 2022, and the consolidated statement of
  comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended,
  and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including significant accounting policies.


  In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial
  position of the Group as at 31 March 2022, and its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then
  ended in accordance with New Zealand Equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards ('NZ IFRS') and International Financial
  Reporting Standards ('IFRS').


  Our report is made solely to the Shareholders of the Group. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Shareholders
  of the Group those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted
  by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Shareholders of the Group as a body, for our audit work, for our
  report or for the opinions we have formed.


  Basis for Opinion
  We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) ('ISAs (NZ)'). Our responsibilities under
  those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our
  report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1 International Code of Ethics for Assurance
  Practitioners (including International Independence Standards) (New Zealand) issued by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance Standards
  Board and the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including
  International Independence Standards) (‘IESBA Code’), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these
  requirements and the IESBA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
  our opinion.


  Other than in our capacity as auditor and provider of other assurance services, our firm carries out other assignments for Radius Residential
  Care Limited and its subsidiaries in the area of taxation compliance services. The provision of these other services has not impaired our
  independence.




 Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                79
AUDIT REPORT




 Key Audit Matters
 Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial
 statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a
 whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.



     Key Audit Matter                               How our audit addressed the key audit matter

     Impairment testing of goodwill
     As disclosed in Note 5.2 of the Group’s        Our audit procedures among others included:
     consolidated financial statements, the
     Group has goodwill of $19.8m (2021:            •   Understanding and evaluating the Group’s internal controls relevant to the accounting estimates
     $17.0m) allocated across 21 (2021: 20)             used to determine the recoverable value of the Group’s CGUs.
     cash-generating units (‘CGUs’) as at 31        •   Evaluating Management’s determination of the Group’s CGUs based on our understanding of the
     March 2022.                                        nature of the Group’s business and the economic environment in which the segments operate. We
     Goodwill was significant to our audit due to       also analysed the internal reporting of the Group to assess how CGUs are monitored and reported.
     the size of the asset and the subjectivity,
                                                    •   Evaluating the competence, capabilities, objectivity and expertise of Management's external
     complexity and uncertainty inherent in the
                                                        valuation expert and the appropriateness of the expert's work as audit evidence for the relevant
     measurement of the recoverable amount of
                                                        assertions.
     these CGUs for the purpose of the required
     annual impairment test. The measurement        •   Challenging Management’s assumptions and estimates used to determine the recoverable value of
     of a CGUs’ recoverable amount includes             the Group’s CGUs, including those relating to forecasted revenue, costs, capital expenditure, discount
     the assessment and calculation of its ‘fair        rates, by adjusting for future events and corroborating the key market-related assumptions to
     value less costs of disposal’.                     external data (including considering the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic).
     Management has completed the annual                Procedures included:
     impairment test for all CGUs as at 31
     March 2022.                                         o    Evaluating the logic of the ‘fair value less costs of disposal’ calculations supporting
                                                              Management’s annual impairment test and testing the mathematical accuracy of these
     This annual impairment test involves                     calculations;
     complex and subjective estimation and
     judgement by Management on the future               o    Evaluating Management’s process regarding the preparation and review of forecasts
     performance of the CGUs, discount rates                  (balance sheet, income statement, and cash flow statement);
     applied to the future cash flow forecasts,          o    Comparing forecasts used in the calculations to Board approved forecasts;
     the terminal growth rates, costs of disposal
     and future market and economic                      o    Evaluating the accuracy of the Group’s forecasting to actual historical performance;
     conditions.
                                                         o    Evaluating the forecast growth assumptions;
     Management has also engaged an external
     valuation expert to assist in the annual            o    Evaluating the inputs to the calculation of the discount rates applied;
     impairment testing.                                 o    Engaging our own internal valuation experts to evaluate the logic of the ‘fair value less costs
                                                              of disposal’ calculations and the inputs to the calculations of the discount rates applied;
                                                         o    Evaluating the forecasts, inputs and any underlying assumptions with a view to identifying
                                                              Management bias;
                                                         o    Evaluating Management’s sensitivity analysis for reasonably possible changes in key
                                                              assumptions; and
                                                         o    Performing sensitivity analysis for reasonably possible changes in key assumptions, the two
                                                              main assumptions being: the discount rate and forecast growth assumptions.

                                                    •   Evaluating the related disclosures (including the accounting policies and accounting estimates)
                                                        about goodwill assets in the Group’s consolidated financial statements.




80                                                                                                                                               Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                                                  AUDIT REPORT




   Key Audit Matter                                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter

   Valuation of investment properties
   As disclosed in Note 3.1 of the Group’s consolidated financial          Our audit procedures among others included:
   statements, as at 31 March 2022, the Group has investment
   properties (operated by the Group as retirement villages) totalling     •   Understanding and evaluating the Group’s internal controls relevant to the
   $46.0m (2021: $31.7m) (referred to, together as ‘the properties’).          accounting estimates used to determine the fair value of the Group’s
                                                                               investment properties.
   Investment properties were significant to our audit due to the size
   of the assets and the subjectivity, complexity and uncertainty          •   Reading and evaluating the external valuation reports for the Group’s three
   inherent in estimating the fair value of the investment properties.         investment properties as at 31 March 2022.

   Management has engaged independent external valuers (‘the               •   Confirming that the valuation approaches for these three investment
   Valuers’) to determine the fair value of the Group’s investment             properties were in accordance with NZ IFRS 13 and NZ IAS 40, and suitable
   properties as at 31 March 2022. The Valuers performed their                 for determining the fair value of the Group’s investment properties as at 31
   work in accordance with the International Valuation Standards               March 2022.
   and the Australia and New Zealand Valuation and Property                •   Evaluating the competence, capabilities, objectivity and expertise of
   Standards, NZ IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement and NZ IAS 40                  Management's external valuation expert and the appropriateness of the
   Investment Property. The Valuers engaged by the Group have                  expert's work as audit evidence for the relevant assertions.
   appropriate experience in the sector in which the Group operates.
                                                                           •   Agreeing property related data provided by Management to the Valuers, to
   For each investment property, the Valuers considered property
                                                                               the Group’s records.
   specific information such as the income generated by departures
   and the re-sale of independent living units. They then applied          •   Engaging our own external property valuation expert to assist in
   assumptions in relation to, the timing of unit re-sale, the length of       understanding and evaluating the following, based on their specialist
   occupancy of existing residents, the price paid by new residents,           knowledge from performing and reviewing valuations of similar properties,
   price movements, type of Occupancy Right Agreement, discount                known relevant transactional evidence and available market data:
   rate, growth rate and terminal yield. The Valuers also considered
   the individual characteristics of each village, its location, its            o    the work and findings of the Group’s external valuation experts
   nature, its resident profile and the expected future cash flows for               engaged by Management;
   that particular village.                                                     o    the Group’s valuation methods and assumptions to assist us in
   The Group has adopted the assessed values determined by the                       challenging the appropriateness of valuation methods and
   Valuers.                                                                          assumptions used by Management; and

   As at the 31 March 2022 valuation date, the Valuers for two of the           o    the acceptable range of values considered reasonable to evaluate
   properties, have included a valuation uncertainty clause in their                 Management’s adopted valuation estimate.
   reports as a result of the evolving situation with COVID-19, high
                                                                           •   Evaluating the selection of valuation methods, inputs and assumptions with
   and rising inflation and interest rates and its impact on the New
                                                                               a view to identifying Management bias.
   Zealand economy, together with global macro events including
   elevated volatility in global financial markets, surging energy         •   Evaluating the related disclosures (including the accounting policies and
   prices, and the current ongoing conflict between Ukraine and                accounting estimates) about the investment properties which are included in
   Russia and its flow on effects. The Valuers have recommended in             the Group’s consolidated financial statements (including disclosure on the
   their reports that the valuations of the properties be reviewed             valuation uncertainties clauses included by Management's external valuation
   periodically. The Valuer of the one remaining investment property           experts in their valuation reports).
   have included a market risk clause noting the ongoing social and
   economic impact of COVID-19, both domestically and on a global
   basis, is providing elevated market risk at the current time. In
   some markets there is more certainty regarding 'post-COVID
   pricing' than others due to the subsequent transactional evidence,
   however there is increased latent risk across all asset classes and
   property sectors due to the impact of the pandemic. They have
   noted that the current economic conditions and latent potential
   volatility should be considered and factored into future
   considerations. These clauses represent an increase in the
   significant estimation uncertainty in the valuation of investment
   properties.




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                                 81
AUDIT REPORT




     Key Audit Matter                                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter

     Valuation of freehold land and buildings
     As disclosed in Note 3.2 of the Group’s consolidated financial          Our audit procedures among others included:
     statements, as at 31 March 2022, the Group has eight (2021:
     three) freehold land and buildings (operated by the Group for           •   Understanding and evaluating the Group’s internal controls relevant to the
     provision of care services) totalling $56.0m (2021: $18.2m)                 accounting estimates used to determine the fair value of the Group’s
     (referred to, together as ‘the properties’).                                freehold land and buildings.

     Freehold land and buildings were significant to our audit due to        •   Reading and evaluating the external valuation letter for the Group’s eight
     the size of the assets and the subjectivity, complexity and                 freehold land and buildings as at 31 March 2022 and external valuation
     uncertainty inherent in estimating the fair value of the freehold           reports as at the respective valuation dates.
     land and buildings.                                                     •   For the Group’s five newly acquired land and buildings, reading the sale and
     Under the requirement of NZ IAS 16 Property, Plant and                      purchase agreement and related documentation (including any external
     Equipment, revaluations shall be made with sufficient regularity to         valuation reports obtained by Management to inform their purchase price) to
     ensure that the carrying amount does not differ materially from             obtain an understanding of the acquired land and buildings and reviewing the
     that which would be determined using fair value at the end of the           acquisition journal entries.
     reporting period. The frequency of revaluations depends upon the        •   Confirming that the valuation approaches for these newly acquired land and
     changes in fair values of the items of property, plant and                  buildings were in accordance with NZ IFRS 13 and NZ IAS 16, and suitable
     equipment being revalued. When the fair value of a revalued asset           for determining the fair value of the Group’s land freehold land and buildings
     differs materially from its carrying amount, a further revaluation is       as at the respective valuation dates.
     required. Some items of property, plant and equipment
     experience significant and volatile changes in fair value, thus         •   Evaluating the competence, capabilities, objectivity and expertise of
     necessitating annual revaluation. Such frequent revaluations are            Management's external valuation expert and the appropriateness of the
     unnecessary for items of property, plant and equipment with only            expert's work as audit evidence for the relevant assertions.
     insignificant changes in fair value. Instead, it may be necessary to
     revalue the item only every three or five years.                        •   Agreeing property related data provided by Management to the Valuers, to
                                                                                 the Group’s records.
     For each of the eight freehold land and buildings, Management
     did not engage independent external valuers to provide valuations       •   Engaging our own external property valuation expert to assist in
     as at 31 March 2022. Management assessed that these freehold                understanding and evaluating the following, based on their specialist
     land and buildings had not experienced any significant and                  knowledge from performing and reviewing valuations of similar properties,
     volatile changes in fair value necessitating a revaluation as at 31         known relevant transactional evidence and available market data:
     March 2022 (including the consideration of the impact of the
                                                                                  o    the work and findings of the Group’s external valuation experts
     COVID-19 pandemic). This assessment was informed by advice
                                                                                       engaged by Management;
     provided by the Group’s land and buildings Valuer, who advised
     that the carrying amounts of these freehold land and buildings did           o    the Group’s valuation methods and assumptions to assist us in
     not differ materially from that which would be determined using                   challenging the appropriateness of valuation methods and
     fair value as at 31 March 2022.                                                   assumptions used by Management; and
     This advice was predicated on the fact that: three of eight                  o    the acceptable range of values considered reasonable to evaluate
     freehold land and building properties having been revalued by the                 Management’s adopted valuation estimate.
     Group as at 31 March 2021; and the remaining five land and
     building properties having been purchased by the Group during           •   Evaluating the selection of valuation methods, inputs and assumptions with
     the year ended 31 March 2022 (four during May 2021 and one                  a view to identifying Management bias.
     during November 2021). The purchase prices paid were informed           •   Evaluating the related disclosures (including the accounting policies and
     by independent external valuation reports obtained by                       accounting estimates) about the freehold land and buildings which are
     Management to inform the purchase price.                                    included in the Group’s consolidated financial statements (including
     For each freehold land and building property, the Valuers                   disclosure on the valuation uncertainties clauses included by Management's
     considered property specific information such as capitalisation             external valuation experts in their valuation reports).
     rates and earnings per care bed. The Valuers also considered the
     individual characteristics of each property, its location, and its
     nature.
     As at the respective valuation dates (31 March 2021, 6 April 2021
     and 1 November 2021), the Valuers had included a valuation
     uncertainty clause in their reports as a result of the COVID-19
     pandemic. This clause highlights the difficulties in undertaking
     valuations due to the absence of or limited relevant transactional
     evidence that demonstrates current market pricing. Therefore,
     less certainty and a higher degree of caution, should be attached
     to the point estimate valuation. This represents an increase in the
     significant estimation uncertainty in the valuation of land and
     building properties. Given the valuation uncertainty, the Valuers
     have recommended in their reports that the valuations of land
     and building properties be kept under frequent review.



82                                                                                                                                                Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                                                        AUDIT REPORT




   Key Audit Matter                                                  How our audit addressed the key audit matter

   Acquisition accounting for Clare House Care Limited and Clare
   House Retirement Village Limited
   As disclosed in in Note 5.6 of the Group’s consolidated           We reviewed Management’s purchase price allocation in respect of the acquisition of
   financial statements, the Group acquired Clare House Care         the Clare House business at acquisition date and assessed the appropriateness of the
   Limited and Clare House Retirement Village Limited (‘Clare        fair values attributed to the consideration paid; and the fair values attributed to the
   House’) during the year ended 31 March 2022.                      assets acquired (including intangible assets) and liabilities assumed.
   The acquisition of the Clare House business was significant       Our audit procedures among others included:
   to our audit due to the size of the acquisition (consideration
   transferred of $14.5m, solely in cash) and the subjectivity       •    Understanding and evaluating the Group’s internal controls relevant to the
   and complexity inherent in business acquisitions.                      accounting estimates used to determine the fair value of the Group’s acquired
   Management has completed a process to identify the                     business.
   acquirer, determine the acquisition date, measure the             •    Reading the sale and purchase and other agreements relating to the acquisition to
   consideration transferred, and allocate the consideration              understand key terms and conditions and confirming our understanding of the
   transferred to the identifiable assets acquired and the                transaction with Management.
   liabilities assumed at their acquisition-date fair values.
                                                                     •    Evaluating the measurement of the consideration transferred.
   Management calculated the fair values attributed to the
   consideration paid, the assets acquired and liabilities           •    Evaluating the identified assets and liabilities against the terms of the sale and
   assumed are in accordance with NZ IFRS 3 Business                      purchase agreements.
   Combinations.
                                                                     •    For the measurement of the identified assets and liabilities, evaluating:
   Management ensured that the initial measurement (also
   known as purchase price allocation process) is recognised               o    the fair values of the identified assets and liabilities at acquisition date;
   at fair value in accordance with NZ IFRS 3 Business                     o    the competence, capabilities, objectivity and expertise of Management's
   Combinations.                                                                external accounting and valuation experts and the appropriateness of their
   This process involves complex and subjective estimation                      work as audit evidence for the relevant assertions.
   and judgement by Management on the following:                     •    Evaluating the inputs and any underlying assumptions with a view to identifying
   •     the accounting treatment of the acquisition;                     Management bias.

   •     the determination of the acquisition date;                  •    Evaluating the disclosures (including the accounting policies and accounting
                                                                          estimates) related to the acquisition of Clare House which are included in the
   •     identification of the assets acquired and liabilities            Group’s consolidated financial statements.
         assumed;
   •     the future performance of the acquired business;
   •     discount rates applied to future cash flow forecasts;
         and
   •     the valuation of acquired investment properties and
         freehold land and buildings.
   Management engaged external experts to assist in:

   •     the determination of the fair values of investment
         property and freehold land and building properties
         acquired; and

   •     tax due diligence and advice on the current and
         deferred tax liabilities related to the acquired
         investment property and freehold land and building
         properties.

   Valuation and completeness of lease liabilities and right-of-
   use assets
                                                                     Our audit procedures among others included:
   As disclosed in Note 3.4 of the Group’s consolidated
   financial statements, the Group has lease liabilities of          •    Understanding and evaluating the Group’s internal controls relevant to the
   $142.5m (2021: $184.3m), and, right-of-use assets of                   accounting estimates used to determine the expected term of the Group’s leases
   $133.9m (2021: $177.2m) as at 31 March 2022.                           and applicable incremental borrowing rates.

   Lease liabilities and right-of-use assets were significant to     •    Evaluating Management’s process relating to the identification, recording,
   our audit due to the size of the assets and liabilities and the        recognition and measurement of leases within the scope of NZ IFRS 16.
   subjectivity, complexity and uncertainty inherent in the          •    For all leases:
   application of NZ IFRS 16 Leases and the assumptions
   required by Management for the calculations of the lease                o    Agreeing key inputs in the lease calculation to the underlying lease
   balances and interest and depreciation expenses.                             agreement(s);


Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                                    83
AUDIT REPORT




     Key Audit Matter                                               How our audit addressed the key audit matter

     Management has completed calculations of the lease                   o    Recalculating the lease liability and right-of-use assets based on the key
     balances for all leases for the year ended, and as at 31                  inputs noted above and comparing our recalculations to the balances
     March 2022. These calculations require estimates                          recognised by the Group; and
     regarding the lease term and the incremental borrowing
     rates. During the year ended 31 March 2022, no new leases            o    Checking the appropriateness of the classification of the lease liability
     were entered into and for four leases, the underlying land                between current and non-current based on the remaining term of the lease.
     and building assets were purchased.                            •    For all existing leases, evaluating Management’s calculations for the subsequent
     Management has exercised their judgement in determining             measurement of the leases, including lease modifications and rent revisions.
     the recoverability of right-of-use assets. No impairment has   •    For any leases where the underlying asset was purchased, evaluating
     been determined.                                                    Management’s calculations for the derecognition of the lease liability and right-of-
                                                                         use asset and resulting gain / (loss) on derecognition of lease.
                                                                    •    Evaluating the completeness of identified lease contracts by checking that all
                                                                         leased facilities were included in the calculation.

                                                                    •    Evaluating Management’s estimates regarding terms of the leases and
                                                                         Management’s consideration of options to extend or terminate the leases
                                                                         (including considering the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic).

                                                                    •    Evaluating Management’s assessment of the incremental borrowing rates applied
                                                                         to individual leases or portfolios of leases.
                                                                    •    Evaluating the inputs and any underlying assumptions with a view to identifying
                                                                         Management bias.
                                                                    •    Evaluating Management’s assessment of any indicators of impairment for the
                                                                         right-of-use assets in accordance with NZ IAS 36 Impairment of Assets (including
                                                                         considering the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic).
                                                                    Evaluating the disclosures (including the accounting policies and accounting estimates)
                                                                    related to leases which are included in the Group’s consolidated financial statements.



 Other Matter - Non-NZ GAAP financial measures
 Note 1(ii) of the consolidated financial statements of Radius Residential Care Limited describes that the consolidated financial statements
 include the presentation of two non-NZ GAAP (non-Generally Accepted Accounting Practice in New Zealand) financial measures in Note 2.1,
 which are presented in addition to NZ GAAP (Generally Accepted Accounting Practice in New Zealand) financial measures. These two non-
 NZ GAAP financial measures are not defined under the requirements of NZ GAAP, NZ IFRS and IFRS. Our opinion is not modified in respect
 of this matter.


 Other Information
 The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the Group’s annual
 report for the year ended 31 March 2022 (but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon).


 Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of audit opinion
 or assurance conclusion thereon.


 In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so,
 consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in
 the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.


 If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to
 report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




84                                                                                                                                               Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                                    AUDIT REPORT




 Responsibilities of the Directors for the Consolidated Financial Statements
 The Directors are responsible on behalf of the Group for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in
 accordance with NZ IFRS and IFRS, and for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the
 consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

 In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible on behalf of the Group for assessing the Group’s ability to
 continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
 unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


 Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
 Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material
 misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level
 of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (NZ) will always detect a material misstatement when
 it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably
 be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

 A further description of the auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements is located at the External
 Reporting Board’s website at:
 https://www.xrb.govt.nz/assurance-standards/auditors-responsibilities/audit-report-1/


 Matters Relating to the Electronic Presentation of the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements
 This audit report relates to the consolidated financial statements of Radius Residential Care Limited and its subsidiaries for the year ended
 31 March 2022 included on Radius Residential Care Limited’s website. The Directors of Radius Residential Care Limited are responsible for
 the maintenance and integrity of Radius Residential Care Limited’s website. We have not been engaged to report on the integrity of Radius
 Residential Care Limited’s website. We accept no responsibility for any changes that may have occurred to the consolidated financial
 statements since they were initially presented on the website.

 The audit report refers only to the consolidated financial statements named above. It does not provide an opinion on any other information
 which may have been hyper linked to or from these consolidated financial statements. If readers of this report are concerned with the
 inherent risks arising from electronic data communication they should refer to the published hard copy of the audited consolidated financial
 statements and related audit report dated 28 June 2022 to confirm the information included in the audited consolidated financial
 statements presented on this website.

 Legislation in New Zealand governing the preparation and dissemination of consolidated financial statements may differ from legislation
 in other jurisdictions.

 The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is S N Patel.




 BAKER TILLY STAPLES RODWAY AUCKLAND
 Auckland, New Zealand
 28 June 2022

Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                 85
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT




      Corporate
      Governance
      Statement
      The Board of Radius
      Residential Care Limited
      (Radius Care, the
      Company) is committed
      to ensuring that the
      Company meets best
      practice governance
      principles and maintains
      the highest ethical
      standards by conducting
      our business safely and
      ethically and within the
      legal and regulatory
      framework. By
      doing this we can
      deliver the best
      outcomes
      for our
      residents,
      their families,
      shareholders,
      employees,
      customers and
      suppliers and the
      communities in which
      we operate.




86                               Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT




         This Corporate Governance Statement provides an overview of         THE COMPANY’S SUITE OF GOVERNANCE
         the Company’s governance framework. It is structured to follow      POLICIES COMPRISES:
         the NZX Corporate Governance Code (NZX Code) and discloses
         the practices relating to the NZX Code’s recommendations.           CONSTITUTION		

         The Board regularly reviews the Company’s corporate governance      CHARTERS
         structures against the recommendations in the NZX Code and          Board Charter
         considers that during the year ending 31 March 2022 its practices   Audit and Risk Committee Charter
         and procedures substantially met NZX Code recommendations.
                                                                             Remuneration and People Committee Charter
         Any differences, where recommendations of the NZX Code have
         not been followed, are set out on page 100 of this Annual Report.   POLICIES
                                                                             External Auditor Independence Policy
                                                                             Financial Product Trading Policy
         These documents are available at
                                                                             Fraud Policy
         www.radiuscare.co.nz/investors-centre/governance
                                                                             Market Disclosure Policy
         The Radius Care Board approved this Corporate Governance            Whistleblower Policy
         Statement on 28 June 2022 and is current as at that date.
                                                                             Code of Conduct
                                                                             Diversity and Inclusion Policy
                                                                             Privacy Policy
                                                                             Remuneration Policy




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                               87
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT




      PRINCIPLE 1.
      CODE OF ETHICAL BEHAVIOUR
      Directors should set high standards of ethical behaviour, model this behaviour and hold management accountable for these
      standards being followed throughout the organisation.


      Code of Conduct                                                      Trading in Financial Products
      The Company’s ethical standards are included in the Company’s        Radius Care has a Financial Product Trading Policy,
      Code of Conduct and the Board Charter.                               prohibiting the direct or indirect dealing of the Company’s
                                                                           financial products when holding inside information. All
      Radius Care commits to high ethical standards in all dealings
                                                                           Directors, senior managers and employees of Radius Care
      undertaken by the group’s Directors and employees. We are a
                                                                           and its subsidiaries must follow this policy where they
      New Zealand owned and operated company that is committed
                                                                           intend to trade in Radius Care’s quoted financial products.
      to providing quality rest home and private hospital care. Our
                                                                           A duty of confidentiality is owed by these parties to
      business spans healthcare, cultural and regulatory boundaries
                                                                           protect the dissemination and use of confidential
      and our Directors and management understand that high ethical
                                                                           Company information.
      standards deliver the best outcomes for our residents, their
      families, employees, shareholders, suppliers, customers and          The Financial Product Trading Policy also defines black-
      communities.                                                         out periods during which certain restricted persons
                                                                           are prohibited in trading in Radius Care shares unless
      Our commitment to ethical dealings is captured by the Company’s
                                                                           provided by a specific exemption by the Radius Care Chair
      core brand attribute “Exceptional People, Exceptional Care” and in
                                                                           or Chief Executive (CEO). Those periods are 30 days prior
      the Code of Conduct and Board Charter.
                                                                           to Radius Care’s half-year or year-end balance date, until
      The Radius Care Code of Conduct and the Board Charter outline        the first trading day after the results for the period are
      how Directors and employees are to consistently act with honesty     released to NZX. In addition, Radius Care’s CEO may notify
      and integrity.                                                       Restricted Persons of additional “Black-Out” periods from
                                                                           time to time as directed by the Board.
      Every new Director, employee and contractor is provided with a
      copy of the Code of Conduct and must confirm that they have          The policy is reviewed every two years. It was last
      read and understand the Code of Conduct.                             reviewed in December 2020.

      The Code of Conduct will be reviewed by the Board every
      two years.


      Whistleblower Policy
      Any employee of Radius Care who becomes aware of a serious
      wrongdoing within the organisation is encouraged to report it. The
      procedure for advising the Company of a suspected breach is set
      out in the policy.

      The policy is reviewed every two years. It was last reviewed in
      December 2020.




88                                                                                                                               Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT




         PRINCIPLE 2.
         BOARD COMPOSITION AND PERFORMANCE
         To ensure an effective Board, there should be a balance of independence, skills, knowledge, experience and perspectives.


         Role and responsibilities of the Board                                its responsibilities and add value to Radius Care. The Board
                                                                               considers diversity can be demonstrated by, amongst other
         The Board has overall responsibility for all decision making within
                                                                               things, gender, ethnicity, thought, experiential and social
         Radius Care. Day-to-day management of the Company, including
                                                                               diversity.
         being the Company’s principal representative, is delegated to
         the CEO. The Board’s functions are set out in the Board Charter       Using a Board skills matrix, the Board has determined that
         and include:                                                          to operate effectively and to meet its responsibilities it
         • Ensuring that Radius Care’s goals are clearly established and       requires competencies in disciplines including executive
           strategies are in place for achieving them.                         leadership and strategy, governance, aged care, marketing,
                                                                               compensation, health and safety, finance and capital markets,
         • Establishing policies for strengthening the performance of
                                                                               risk and compliance, legal and regulatory and people. A Board
           Radius Care, including ensuring that management is proactively
                                                                               skills matrix has been included at pages 34-35.
           seeking to build the business through innovation, initiative,
           technology, new products, new services and the development          The current mix of skills and experience is considered
           of its business capital.                                            appropriate for the responsibilities and requirements of
         • Monitoring the performance of management.                           governing Radius Care.
         • Appointing the CEO, setting the terms of the CEO's employment       The Board looks to strengthen its oversight of issues in all
           contract and, where necessary, terminating the CEO's                disciplines, as required, via expert advice. During the year
           employment with Radius Care.                                        expert advice was sought in many of the above disciplines.
         • Deciding on whatever steps are necessary to protect Radius
           Care’s financial position and the ability to meet its debts and     Letter of appointment
           other obligations when they fall due and ensuring that such
                                                                               All Directors have entered into a written agreement with
           steps are taken.
                                                                               Radius Care setting out the terms of their appointment.
         • Ensuring Radius Care’s financial statements are a fair
           representation of the financial position of Radius Care and
                                                                               Director profiles
           otherwise conform with the law.
         • Ensuring Radius Care has appropriate risk management/               As at 31 March 2022 and the date of this Annual Report, the
           regulatory compliance policies in place.                            Board comprised five Directors. The Board has considered
                                                                               which of the Directors are Independent Directors for
         The Board has a statutory obligation to reserve responsibility for    the purposes of the NZX Listing Rules (the Rules). The
         certain matters.                                                      factors relevant to determining whether a Director is an
         The Board monitors these matters by receiving reports and plans       Independent Director are the criteria in the Rules for Director
         from management, maintaining an active programme of facility          independence, having regard to the factors described in the
         visits and through its annual work programme.                         NZX Code that may impact Director independence.

         The Board uses committees to address certain issues that              The Company’s Constitution specifies that the Board shall
         require detailed consideration by members of the Board who have       have a minimum of three Directors; at least two Directors shall
         specialist knowledge and experience. The Board retains ultimate       be ordinarily resident in New Zealand; and while the Company
         responsibility for the functions of its committees and determines     is listed, it shall have not less than the minimum number of
         their responsibilities.                                               Independent Directors prescribed by the Rules.

         Details of the Radius Care Board’s role, composition,                 Brien Cree, Duncan Cook and Bret Jackson are non-
         responsibilities, operation, policies and committees are provided     independent Directors. Mary Gardiner and Hamish Stevens
         in the Board Charter.                                                 are Independent Directors. Brien Cree is also the Executive
                                                                               Chair.

         Director nomination, appointment and reappointment                    The roles of Board Chair, Audit and Risk Committee Chair and
                                                                               CEO are not held by the same person. Hamish Stevens is the
         The Board is responsible for the process of appointment and
                                                                               Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee. Duncan Cook is the
         reappointment of Directors, who are elected by shareholders. The
                                                                               Chair of the Remuneration and People Committee.
         Board identifies candidates to be nominated or re-elected as a
         Director through a procedure outlined in the Board Charter.           A profile of each Director is available at pages 32-33 of
                                                                               this Annual Report and is also provided on the Radius
         The Board is comprised of Directors who have a mix of skills,
                                                                               Care website. The profiles include information on the skills,
         knowledge, experience and diversity to adequately discharge
                                                                               experience and background of each Director.

Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                    89
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT




      Ownership of Radius Care shares by Directors is encouraged                                      31 March 2022           31 March 2021
      rather than being a requirement. Directors’ ownership interests
                                                                                Gender              Male     Female        Male     Female
      are disclosed at page 102 of this Annual Report.
                                                                                Directors               4           1          5           1
      At this stage the Board does not have a tenure policy however it is
      committed to a regular refreshment programme to introduce new             Management
                                                                                                        4          4           3           4
                                                                                Team
      perspectives, skills, attributes and experience. The aims of the
      process are to:
      • Identify future Board requirements, in terms of skills, Director       A formal Diversity and Inclusion Policy was adopted by the
        numbers and diversity;                                                 Board in July 2021 and is reviewed annually. Radius Care is
                                                                               monitoring and working on matters covered by its Diversity
      • Conduct a broad search for candidates that match the
                                                                               and Inclusion Policy. The Board is comfortable with the
        determined requirements; and
                                                                               metrics and culture referred to in the policy and this is an
      • To ensure a smooth transition of new Directors.                        area of continual improvement and focus.
      The period of appointment of current Directors is as follows:
                                                                               Director training
                            0 – 3 years   3 – 9 years    9 years +
                                                                               The Board encourages Directors to undertake appropriate
       Number of
                                2              1            2                  training to enable them to remain current on how best
       Directors
                                                                               to discharge their responsibilities and keep up to date
                                                                               on changes and trends in areas relevant to their work.
      Interests Register                                                       Directors are provided with industry information and
                                                                               receive copies of appropriate Company documents to
      The Board maintains an Interests Register. Any Director who is
                                                                               enable them to perform their role. In addition, visits to
      interested in a transaction with the Company must immediately
                                                                               Radius Care’s facilities, briefing from senior management
      disclose to the Board the nature, monetary value and extent of the
                                                                               and key advisors to Radius Care are arranged for Directors.
      interest. A Director who is interested in a transaction may attend
                                                                               If Directors undertake training at the Company’s expense,
      and participate at a Board meeting at which the transaction is
                                                                               they are expected to give the Board an update.
      discussed but may not be counted in the quorum for that meeting
      or vote in respect of the transaction, unless it is one in respect of    The Board also ensures that new Directors are
      which Directors are expressly required by the Companies Act 1993         appropriately introduced to management, the care homes,
      to sign a certificate. Particulars of entries made in the Interests      the retirement villages and the online shop.
      Register for the year ended 31 March 2022 are included in the
      Director Disclosures section on pages 101-102.                           Board Performance Evaluation

      Diversity                                                                The Board undertakes a regular assessment of Board,
                                                                               Director and committee performance. The Board will
      The Board seeks diversity in the skills, attributes, perspectives        consider seeking assistance from external advisors as
      and experience of its members across a broad range of criteria           required. Through this regular assessment, the Board,
      so as to represent the diversity of shareholders, business types         committees and Directors have been found to have fulfilled
      and regions in which it operates. Diversity, at Board level, among       all their duties and responsibilities for sound corporate
      the management team and throughout the Company, is actively              governance as specified by the Board Charter.
      considered and reviewed by the Board.

      Radius Care recruits, promotes and compensates on the basis              Board composition
      of merit, regardless of gender, ethnicity, religion, age, nationality,   Two of the five Directors of Radius Care are
      sexual orientation, union membership or political opinion. A             Independent Directors.
      fundamental tenet of the Company’s values is Exceptional People,
      Exceptional Care together with: Commitment: Leaders in care;
                                                                               Role of Chair
      Courage: Do the right thing; Compassion: Act with empathy.
                                                                               At Radius Care the roles of Chair of the Board and CEO are
      Responsibility for workplace diversity and the setting of
                                                                               separated to ensure that a conflict of interest does not arise.
      measurable objectives is held by the Remuneration and
      People Committee.                                                        The Chair of the Board is an executive Director and not
                                                                               independent. The Chair is responsible for leading the Board,
      The following table reports gender composition of the Board and
                                                                               facilitating the effective contribution of all Directors and
      management team as at 31 March 2022.
                                                                               promoting constructive and respectful relations between
                                                                               Directors and between the Board and management.
                                                                               The Chair is also responsible for setting the agenda for
                                                                               meetings of the Board and ensuring that adequate time is
                                                                               available for discussion of all agenda items, in particular
                                                                               strategic issues.


90                                                                                                                                      Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT




         PRINCIPLE 3
         BOARD COMMITTEES
         The Board should use committees where this will enhance its effectiveness in key areas, while still retaining
         Board responsibility.

         Board Committees
         The Board currently has two committees – the Audit and Risk Committee and the Remuneration and People Committee.
         The Board may set up ad-hoc committees when required to efficiently and effectively carry out key governance
         functions, while retaining ultimate responsibility for all decisions and actions.

         Each committee focuses on specific areas of governance and together they strengthen the Board’s oversight of
         the Company. Committee membership is reviewed annually. Each committee has a written charter that sets out its
         mandate and is approved by the Board. The charters are reviewed at least every two years with any proposed changes
         recommended to the Board for approval.

         Each committee has an annual work programme of matters to be addressed over the following 12-month period.
         Included in the work programme is an annual review of performance against the committee charter and objectives for
         the year. The committee’s review findings are reported to the Board.


         Attendance at Meetings
         The table below sets out Director attendance at Board and committee meetings during the year ended 31 March 2022.

                                                                    Board                 Audit and Risk Committee      Remuneration and People Committee
                                             Eligible to attend   Attended         Eligible to attend    Attended          Eligible to attend   Attended

           Brien Cree                                       12             12

           Duncan Cook                                      12             12                                                              9           9

           Mary Gardiner                                    12             11                      6            6                          9           9

           Bret Jackson                                     12             12                        1           1                         9           9

           Hamish Stevens                                   12             12                      6            6

           Tim Sumner1                                       11            10                        5          5

           1. Resigned on 25 February 2022



         Standing Committees of the Board
         Audit and Risk Committee

           Composition                                             Roles                                                   Members

           • At least three members of the Board; a                Responsibility for:                                     Hamish Stevens (Chair)
             majority of members must be independent.
                                                                   • External financial reporting;                         Mary Gardiner
           • At least one member who has an accounting
             or financial background.                              • Internal control environment;                         Bret Jackson

           • Committee Chair appointed by the Board;               • Business Assurance / Internal Audit and external
             must be an Independent Director; not the                audit functions;
             Chair of the Board.                                   • Risk management.




         The role of the Audit and Risk Committee is to assist the Board to fulfill its responsibilities in relation to external
         financial reporting, internal controls, business assurance, internal and external audit functions and risk management.

         Two members of the committee are Independent Directors. The committee’s Chair, Hamish Stevens, is a qualified
         accountant and an Independent Director.




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                               91
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT




      The Audit and Risk Committee met on six occasions during the year to 31 March 2022. The agenda items for each
      meeting generally relate to financial governance, external financial reporting, external audit, internal audit, risk
      management, compliance and insurance.

      Remuneration and People Committee

       Composition                                       Roles                                                  Members

       • At least three members of the Board.            Responsibility for:                                    Duncan Cook (Chair)

       • Committee Chair appointed by the Board;         • Establishment of remuneration policies and           Mary Gardiner
         must be a non-executive Director; not the         practices for the CEO, key management and
         Chair of the Board.                               Directors;                                           Bret Jackson

                                                         • Oversee remuneration-setting and review; and

                                                         • Oversee the management of human resources
                                                           activities.



      The Remuneration and People Committee assists the Board with the establishment of remuneration policies and
      practices for the CEO, key management and Directors, as well as discharging the Board’s responsibilities relative to
      remuneration-setting and review; and assisting the Board in overseeing the management of the Company’s people.

      The Remuneration and People Committee met on nine occasions during the year ended 31 March 2022.


      Meeting Attendance by the Management Team
      The management team and other employees attend committee meetings only at the invitation of the
      relevant committee.

      The CEO and General Manager, Finance are regularly invited to attend Audit and Risk Committee meetings.


      Other Committees
      The Board has determined that at this point a separate Nomination Committee is not required. Director appointments
      are considered by the Board as a whole.


      Takeover offer protocols
      A Takeover Preparedness Manual has been prepared for the Company by external advisers and has been accepted by
      the Board. This manual sets out formal takeover offer protocols which help ensure the Company manages any takeover
      approach in accordance with the New Zealand Takeovers Code. In the event of a takeover approach a sub-committee of
      the Board would be formed, and a working group, legal advisers and other key advisers would be appointed.




92                                                                                                                                    Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT




         PRINCIPLE 4
         REPORTING AND DISCLOSURE
         The Board should demand integrity in financial and non-financial reporting, and in the timeliness and balance of
         corporate disclosures.


         Shareholder Communications and Market Disclosure                         Governance policy suite
         The Board is committed to providing timely, orderly, consistent,         Key governance documents are available to investors
         accurate and credible information in accordance with legal               and stakeholders on the Radius Care website at www.
         and regulatory requirements to enable orderly behaviour in the           radiuscare.co.nz/investor-centre.
         market. The Board believes objective disclosure is fundamental
         to building shareholder value and earning the confidence of the          Financial and Non-Financial Reporting
         investment community.
                                                                                  The Board is committed to ensuring integrity and
         The Company has in place a Market Disclosure Policy designed             timeliness in its financial reporting and in providing
         to ensure this occurs. The policy includes procedures intended to        information to the market and shareholders. A programme
         ensure that disclosure is made in a timely and balanced manner           of clear, meaningful, timely and effective communications
         and in compliance with the Rules. This will assist the Board to fulfil   with shareholders is centred around a comprehensive
         its obligation to keep investors and the market informed through         set of information regarding the Company’s operations
         a timely, clear and balanced approach that communicates all              and results being available primarily in its six-monthly and
         information which may have a material effect on the price of Radius      full-year reports, in ad hoc releases lodged with NZX and
         Care shares, whether it is positive or negative, in accordance with      also on its website.
         the Rules.
                                                                                  The Audit and Risk Committee oversees the quality
         Procedures are set out in the Policy to guide Directors, the             and integrity of external financial reporting including
         management team and employees on the appropriate steps to take           the accuracy, completeness, balance and timeliness
         if they become aware of any information that may be material that is     of financial statements. It reviews interim and annual
         not generally available to the market.                                   financial statements and makes recommendations to
         All NZX and media releases are subject to an agreed sign off             the Board concerning accounting policies, areas of
         procedure which requires approval from the Chair of the Board            judgement, compliance with financial reporting standards,
         or CEO. Significant market announcements, including the                  stock exchange and legal requirements and the results of
         preliminary announcement of the half-year and full-year results, the     the external audit.
         consolidated financial statements for those periods and any advice       All interim and full-year consolidated financial
         of a change in earnings forecast are approved by the Board.              statements are prepared in accordance with relevant
         Directors consider at the end of each Board meeting whether there        financial standards.
         is any material information that should be disclosed to the market.      Both financial and non-financial disclosures are made at
                                                                                  least annually. Radius Care’s Board has initiated a project
                                                                                  to ensure an enhanced focus on sustainability within the
                                                                                  Company. Information on the early initiatives in this area
                                                                                  are provided on pages 30-31.




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                    93
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT




      PRINCIPLE 5
      REMUNERATION
      The remuneration of Directors and executives should be transparent, fair and reasonable.


      Remuneration Overview		
      Radius Care aims to reward employees with a level of remuneration commensurate with their position and
      responsibilities, and to ensure total compensation is competitive by market standards. This overview provides details
      of Radius Care’s approach to remuneration including incentive plans for executives that were in place or will be in
      place after the year ended 31 March 2022 and remuneration received by the CEO and the Directors for the year ended
      31 March 2022.


      Remuneration Principles
      It is recognised that in order to support the business and its strategy, the Company must attract and retain people of a
      high calibre. Accordingly, the Board will set remuneration with regard to this and other business objectives.

      Specifically, in relation to management, it is the policy of the Company to align executive remuneration with the
      performance of the Company and that executive remuneration should be comprised of both fixed and ‘at risk’ (or
      performance-based) elements. The purpose of this is to ensure that the interests of the management are aligned with
      the interests of the Company and its shareholders.


      Remuneration Governance
      Radius Care has a Remuneration and People Committee to assist the Board in the conduct of the Board’s responsibility
      with regard to people and culture, including remuneration.

      The Remuneration and People Committee Charter can be found at www.radiuscare.co.nz/investors-centre/governance.

       The Remuneration and People Committee is responsible for:               The Board is responsible for:


      • Reviewing and recommending changes to Radius Care’s                    • Approving changes to Radius Care’s
        remuneration structure, people policies, procedures and practices,       remuneration structure, people policies,
        objectives and performance;                                              procedures and practices, objectives
                                                                                 and performance;
      • Reviewing and recommending changes to the remuneration
        of the CEO and management, having regard to Radius Care’s              • Approving changes to the remuneration of the
        strategy, vision, values, business objectives and performance, the       CEO and executives; and
        responsibilities and performance of executives and the general
        external market; and                                                   • Recommending changes to non-executive
                                                                                 Directors’ remuneration, for approval
      • Reviewing and recommending changes to Directors’ fees, taking            by shareholders.
        into account the external market, work load, succession planning
        and the need to offer competitive fees to attract and retain
        non-executive Directors of a high calibre.




94                                                                                                                               Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT




         CEO remuneration
         The remuneration of the CEO currently comprises total fixed remuneration (TFR) that is based on the
         scale and complexity of the role, market relativities, qualifications and experience. The CEO’s fixed annual
         salary is $400,000. Other benefits, including KiwiSaver and a car park, are additional to the fixed salary.

           CEO Remuneration paid for FY22

                                                                     Salary1                             Benefits2                                  STI3             Total remuneration

           Andrew Peskett*                                          $60,000                                  $2,511                                   —                            $62,511

           Stuart Bilbrough**                                       $311,389                              $13,049                             $30,000                             $354,437

           Brien Cree***                                            $920,136                              $32,004                                     —                           $952,140




           CEO Remuneration paid for FY2021

                                                                                                                                                Share-based
                                                             Salary1                     Benefits2                     Sub-total                  payments           Total remuneration

           Stuart Bilbrough**                             $339,321                         $14,57 7                    $353,808                     $150,000                      $503,808

           Brien Cree***                                  $880,598                         $29,981                     $910.579                               —                   $910,579

         1. Actual salary paid includes holiday pay paid as per NZ legislation and a car allowance where applicable.
         2. Benefits include KiwiSaver and car park.
         3. Stuart Bilbrough received a cash bonus of $30,000 as a result of the EBITDA that was achieved for the FY21 year,
         * Andrew Peskett was employed on 1 February 2022
         ** Stuart Bilbrough was employed on 8 June 2020. He received a one-off issue of 187,500 shares having a value of $150,000 in connection with the successful listing of
            Radius Care in FY2021. Stuart Bilbrough resigned from the position of CEO effective 19 November 2021.
         *** In his capacity as Managing Director of Radius Care.



         STI Payment
         For the FY23 financial year, the CEO may receive a STI payment of up to $50,000. This will be dependent on achieving certain
         targets as follows:

         a. 50% is to be due on the Company achieving its budgeted pre IFRS 16 EBITDA target for FY23, normalised for any unbudgeted
            acquisitions or developments, with scaling to be applied at the discretion of the Board if the result comes within the range
            of 85% to 99.99% of the target; and

         b. 50% is to be allocated and scaled entirely at the discretion of the Board. Considerations are to be given to a range of factors
            including but not limited to:
             • Staff engagement and retention;
             • Stakeholder engagement;
             • Board engagement and reporting; and
             • Health and Safety.




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                                                                95
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT




      LTI Payment
      The Board is taking advice on a long term incentive plan for the CEO which aims to provide genuine incentive to achieve
      the Company’s strategy and increase shareholder value.


      Key terms of CEO employment contract
      The table below sets out the key terms of the CEO’s employment contract:

                                                                                                                          Termination Provision                Post-employment
       Contract Duration                     Notice Period - Company                    Notice Period - CEO               (where notice provided)              Restraint

       Ongoing until terminated              6 months unless for cause                  6 months                          6 months                             N/A




      Director Remuneration
      In accordance with best practice corporate governance, the structure of Director remuneration is separate and
      distinct from the remuneration of the CEO and other officers and is reviewed on an annual basis.

      The Board reviews Director remuneration annually to ensure that the Company’s Directors are fairly remunerated for
      their services and that the level of skill and experience required to fulfil the role is recognised. They have no entitlement
      to any performance-based remuneration or participation in any share-based incentive schemes.

      Each Director receives a base fee for services as a Director of the Company and an additional fee is paid for being
      a member of the Board committees. The payment of an additional fee recognises the additional time commitment
      and specific skills required by each Director who serves on those committees. All Directors are also entitled to
      be reimbursed for costs associated with carrying out their duties. Directors do not qualify for the payment of any
      retirement benefits.

      Fees paid to the Directors of the Company (in their capacity as Director) for the year ended 31 March 2022
      were as follows:

                                                                                         Audit and Risk          Remuneration and People
       Directors                                      Board Fees                        Committee Fee                    Committee Fee                       Total Remuneration

       Duncan Cook 1                                      $90,000                                       —                              $12,000                             $102,000

       Bret Jackson                                       $90,000                                   $500                                $6,000                             $96,500

       Timothy Sumner 2                                   $82,500                                 $5,500                                      —                             $88,000

       Mary Gardiner                                      $90,000                                 $6,000                                $6,000                             $102,000

       Hamish Stevens                                     $90,000                               $12,000                                       —                            $102,000

       1. An additional $3,000 reimbursement of travel expenses was paid to Duncan Cook. This amount is not included in his Total Remuneration shown in the table above.
       2. Timothy Sumner resigned as a Director with effect from 25 February 2022.




96                                                                                                                                                                              Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT




         Board Fees

           Position                                                        Fee Paid

           Chair                                                                Nil

           Directors (other than the Chair)                                $90,000

           Committee Chair                                                 $12,000

           Committee members                                                $6,000




         Employees’ Remuneration
         The number of employees and former employees of Radius Care, not being a Director of Radius Care, who received
         remuneration and other benefits the value of which exceeded $100,000 during the financial year ended 31 March 2022
         is set out in the table of remuneration bands below.

         The remuneration figures shown in the “Remuneration” column include all monetary payments actually paid during the
         course of the year ended 31 March 2022. The table does not include amounts paid after 31 March 2022 that relate to the
         year ended 31 March 2022.

           Remuneration                                        Number of Employees

          $100,000 to $109,999                                                    3

          $110,000 to $119,999                                                    2

          $120,000 to $129,999                                                    4

          $130,000 to $139,999                                                    1

          $140,000 to $149,999                                                    3

          $150,000 to $159,999                                                    3

          $160,000 to $169,999                                                    3

          $170,000 to $179,999                                                    1

          $190,000 to $199,999                                                    1

          $210,000 to $219,999                                                    1

          $310,000 to $319,999                                                    1

          $350,000 to $359,999                                                    1

          $950,000 to $959,999                                                    1

          TOTAL EMPLOYEES                                                       25




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                  97
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT




      PRINCIPLE 6
      RISK MANAGEMENT
      Directors should have a sound understanding of the material risks faced by the issuer and how to manage them.
      The Board should regularly verify that the issuer has appropriate processes that identify and manage potential
      and material risks.


      The Board is responsible for ensuring that key business risks        The framework is used to identify those situations and
      are identified and that appropriate controls and responses are       circumstances in which the Company may be materially
      in place to effectively manage those risks. The Board considers      at risk and for which risk mitigation activities are
      risk management an important governance function to protect          appropriate. The objectives of the framework are to:
      stakeholders and optimise shareholder value.
                                                                           • Provide a consistent and structured way to identify,
      The Board includes Directors with long-term experience in the          assess and manage risk across the Company;
      care sector and with listed company governance experience. The       • Ensure the Company manages the risks it faces in
      Board’s complementary skill set and understanding of the core          achieving its objectives; and
      business have allowed it to implement strategies to mitigate risk
                                                                           • Ensure staff and management are aware of and meet
      such as those associated with the COVID-19 pandemic.
                                                                             their responsibilities to identify, evaluate and treat the
      The Board retains ultimate oversight of risk management, with          risks that may prevent or restrict the Company from
      the Audit and Risk Committee delegated with responsibility             achieving its objectives.
      for ensuring that the Company’s risk management framework
                                                                           Risk management is a standing item on the agenda for
      is appropriate and that it appropriately identifies, assesses,
                                                                           Audit and Risk Committee meetings, with detailed reports
      manages and monitors risks.
                                                                           provided by management.
      The Audit and Risk Committee’s responsibilities in relation to
      risk include:                                                        Health and Safety Risk Management
      • Assessing the effectiveness of and monitoring compliance
                                                                           Radius Care has a robust health and safety policy which
        with, the risk management framework;
                                                                           requires all staff to be aware of safety in the workplace
      • Identifying areas for thorough review on significant risks for     and to comply with all health and safety policies and
        inclusion in the agenda of the responsible Board and/or Board      procedures, bringing to the attention of their manager
        committee meeting;                                                 anything that poses a risk to any person. The Health and
      • Reporting to the Board on progress with risk management            Safety plan is supported by policies and procedures for
        work; and                                                          all levels of the organisation. Health and Safety is closely
      • Reviewing and recommending policies for Board approval.            monitored through Radius Care’s systems and followed
                                                                           up through regular reporting and monthly meetings held
      Risk management is an integral part of Radius Care’s business.       at facility, regional and national level to ensure that any
      The Board requires management to prepare a risk management           identified risks are monitored and addressed in a timely
      framework incorporating a risk register. This approach is intended   manner. Ongoing resources and training are provided to
      to embed a comprehensive, holistic, group-wide culture of risk       enable a safe environment at Radius Care. The Operations
      awareness in senior management and in decision makers across         team is responsible for leading and managing health and
      the business, supported by a consistent method of identifying,       safety risks and reports on performance with the aim of
      assessing, controlling, monitoring and reporting Radius Care’s       continuous improvement.
      existing and potential risks.
                                                                           Insurance
                                                                           Radius Care has insurance policies in place covering
                                                                           most areas where risk to its assets and business can be
                                                                           insured at a reasonable cost.




98                                                                                                                                  Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT




         PRINCIPLE 7
         AUDITORS
         The Board should ensure the quality and independence of the external audit process.


         External auditor                                                       Baker Tilly Staples Rodway has confirmed independence
                                                                                to the Audit and Risk Committee and that its independence
         Radius Care’s Audit and Risk Committee Charter outlines the
                                                                                was not compromised during the reporting period.
         Company’s commitment to an independent audit process that
         provides shareholders and the market with objective, robust, clear     The fees paid to the external auditor are included in note
         and timely financial reporting. The Audit and Risk Committee’s         2.3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
         responsibilities are to:                                               A total of $201k was paid for audit and assurance-related
         • Monitor the independence and effectiveness of the external           services, $42k was paid for tax compliance services. No
           auditors;                                                            other fees were paid to the external auditor.

         • Make recommendations to the Board on the appointment and             All non-assurance services provided must have the prior
           termination of the external auditors;                                approval of the Audit and Risk Committee.
         • Approve the external audit terms of engagement, audit partner        The external auditor is regularly invited to meet with the
           rotation and audit fee;                                              Audit and Risk Committee including without management
         • Review the annual audit plan of the external auditors;               present. During the FY22 year the committee met with the
         • Review and approve non-audit services performed by the               auditor present four times.
           external auditor in accordance with the External Auditor             The external auditor has been invited to attend the Annual
           Independence Policy;                                                 Shareholders’ Meeting and will be available to answer
         • Review the External Auditor Independence Policy on a regular         questions about the audit process and the independence
           basis; and                                                           of the auditor.
         • Ensure the Key Audit Partner is rotated at least every five years.
                                                                                Internal audit
         The Audit and Risk Committee in consultation with management
         and the external auditor reviews the efficiency and effectiveness      The Company does not have an in-house internal audit
         of the external audit process and provides a formal channel            function. The internal control framework that Radius Care
         of communication between the Board, management and the                 uses to manage risk is described in further detail under
         external auditor. The Company’s compliance with the External           Principle 6 above. There are a number of internal controls
         Auditor Independence Policy ensures that audit independence is         overseen by the Audit and Risk Committee to ensure the
         maintained, both in fact and appearance.                               integrity of key financial and operational data. Directors
                                                                                also pay attention to matters raised by Baker Tilly Staples
         Sachin Patel of Baker Tilly Staples Rodway began acting as the
                                                                                Rodway, the external auditor.
         external audit engagement partner in the financial year ended
         31 March 2021. Baker Tilly Staples Rodway commenced its
         appointment from the financial year ended 31 March 2013. It is a
         requirement that the engagement partner does not audit Radius
         Care for more than five years. Radius Care has not yet set a
         maximum term for the audit firm.




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                 99
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT




      PRINCIPLE 8
      SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND RELATIONS
      The Board should respect the rights of shareholders and foster constructive relationships with shareholders
      that encourage them to engage with the issuer.


      Shareholder relations                                                                                Additional equity
      The Board is committed to maintaining open and transparent                                           The Board acknowledges the principle that where
      communications with investors and other stakeholders. The                                            additional equity is sought through capital raising the
      Company’s website is an important channel through which key                                          interests of all existing financial product holders should
      investor information is available. The annual report, NZX releases,                                  be considered. In assessing the options for raising
      governance policies and charters, transcripts of results briefings                                   capital to fund the acquisition in July 2021 of the land and
      and a variety of corporate information are posted to the website.                                    buildings of four strategic facilities, the Board considered
                                                                                                           the merits of a pro rata offer to shareholders. Expanding
      Investor communications                                                                              the register to include more institutional and high net
                                                                                                           worth individuals was and continues to be a priority for
      The Board is committed to ensuring there is an active and                                            the Company. The Board ultimately decided a non-pro rata
      high-quality investor relations programme in place. To achieve                                       offer was in the Company’s best interests. The Board will
      this Radius Care has engaged an external consultant to provide                                       again take NZX Code Recommendation 8.4 into account
      advice and support to the Board and management.                                                      when considering any further equity issues to raise
      Shareholders have the option of receiving their communications                                       additional capital.
      electronically. Contact details for Radius Care’s support
      office and its share registrar, Computershare, are available                                         Availability of ASM / ESM notices of meeting
      on the website.
                                                                                                           The Board is committed to ensuring that notices of
                                                                                                           meetings of shareholders are released to NZX and
      Major decisions                                                                                      posted to Radius Care’s website as soon as possible
      The Market Disclosure Policy sets out Directors’ commitment to                                       and, where practicable, at least 20 working days prior
      timely and balanced disclosure and to advising shareholders on                                       to the meeting. During the year to 31 March 2022, two
      any major decisions. Where voting on a matter is required, the                                       shareholder meetings were held to approve significant
      Board encourages investors to attend the meeting or to send in                                       transactions. In both cases the vendor was a private
      a proxy vote. Shareholders may raise matters for discussion at                                       company. The settlement arrangements were such that
      the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting either in person or by emailing                                     Radius Care was not able to provide 20 working days’
      Radius Care with a question to be asked.                                                             notice of the meeting. The Board will continue to take
                                                                                                           NZX Code Recommendation 8.5 into account when
      Radius Care will conduct voting at its shareholders’ meetings by                                     setting the timetable for any future shareholder meeting.
      way of poll and on the basis of one share, one vote.


       Practices that do not comply with the NZX Code

       NZX Code Principle                      NZX Code Recommendation                         Key Difference                                  Current Status


                                               Recommendation 2.8:                                                                             Of the five Directors, two
                                                                                               The majority of members are
       2. Board Composition                    A majority of the Board should                                                                  have been determined to be
                                                                                               not Independent Directors.
                                               be Independent Directors.                                                                       independent.1



                                               Recommendation 3.3
                                                                                                                                               Of the three members, one
                                               Majority of the Remuneration                    The majority of members are
       3. Board Committees                                                                                                                     has been determined to be an
                                               Committee should be                             not Independent Directors.
                                                                                                                                               Independent Director.1
                                               Independent Directors.



                                               Recommendation 8.5                                                                              Settlement arrangements with
                                                                                               On two occasions Notices of
                                                                                                                                               non-NZX listed vendors did not
       8. Shareholder Rights                   Notices of Meeting to be                        Meeting were available less
                                                                                                                                               allow for Radius Care to provide
          and Relations                        available at least 20 working                   than 20 working days prior
                                                                                                                                               20 working days’ notice of
                                               days prior to the meeting.                      to the meeting.
                                                                                                                                               either meeting.

      1. The Board treats Bret Jackson as a non-executive Director, rather than independent, notwithstanding that Knox Fund IV has not been a Substantial Product Holder since December 2021.



100                                                                                                                                                                                 Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                                       OTHER DISCLOSURES




      Other
      Disclosures
      INTERESTS REGISTER							
      Disclosure of Directors’ Interests								
      The following are particulars of general disclosures of interest by directors holding office as at 31 March 2022, pursuant to section 140(2)
      of the Companies Act 1993. The director will be regarded as interested in all transactions between Radius Care and the disclosed entity.
      Changes to entries disclosed during the year to 31 March 2022 are noted for the purposes of section 211(1)(e) of the Companies Act 1993.

      			
        Brien Cree

        Entity                                                                                     Nature of Interest
        Valhalla Capital Limited                                                                   Director
        Naturobest Limited                                                                         Director
        Cibus Catering Limited                                                                     Director



        Duncan Cook

        Entity                                                                                     Nature of Interest
        Purangi Gold Limited                                                                       Shareholder
        Sharpac Management Limited                                                                 Director
        Barefoot Crue Limited                                                                      Director and Shareholder
        KFT International Limited                                                                  Shareholder
        Barbara Fishing Company Limited                                                            Shareholder
        Beaver Fishing Company Limited                                                             Shareholder
        Woodland Kiwi Limited                                                                      Shareholder
        MDC Fishing Limited                                                                        Shareholder
        Beaury Store Limited                                                                       Director and Shareholder
        InforME Limited                                                                            Director and Shareholder
        Stallion Equipment Limited (ceased position during the year)                               Shareholder


        Bret Jackson

        Entity                                                                                     Nature of Interest
        KIP Nominees Limited                                                                       Director
        Knox General Partner Limited                                                               Director
        Tasman Advisory Limited                                                                    Director and Shareholder
        Takatimu Holdings Limited                                                                  Director and Shareholder
        SLP Mag Nation Limited                                                                     Director
        Takatimu Investments Limited                                                               Director and Shareholder
        OPO Holdings Limited                                                                       Director and Shareholder
        Knox Investment Partners Fund III NZD 2 Limited                                            Director
        Knox Investment Partners Fund III NZD Limited                                              Director
        Knox Investment Partners Limited                                                           Director and Shareholder
        Knox Investment Partners Fund III AUD Limited                                              Director
        Knox Investment Partners Fund III AUD 2 Limited                                            Director
        Knox Investment Partners Fund III AUD 3 Limited                                            Director
        Knox Investment Partners Fund III Limited                                                  Director
        Knox Investment Partners Fund III NZD 5 Limited                                            Director
        Knox Fund IV Carried Interest Partner Limited                                              Director
        Bret Jackson Trustee Limited                                                               Director and Shareholder
        AAM Pty Limited (ceased position during the year)                                          Director



Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                        101
OTHER DISCLOSURES




         Mary Gardiner

         Entity                                                                                          Nature of Interest
         Southern Cross Pet Insurance Limited                                                            Director
         Northern Netball Zone Incorporated                                                              Chair
         Mangere Mountain Education Trust                                                                Trustee
         Kidsen Limited                                                                                  Director and Shareholder



         Hamish Stevens

         Entity                                                                                          Nature of Interest
         Marsden Maritime Holdings Limited                                                               Director
         Pharmaco NZ Limited                                                                             Director
         Pharmaco House Limited                                                                          Director
         Pharmaco (Australia) Limited                                                                    Director
         The Kennedy's Limited                                                                           Director
         Botany Health Hub Limited                                                                       Director
         Northport Limited                                                                               Director
         ECL Group Limited                                                                               Director
         Counties Energy Limited                                                                         Director
         Governance and Advisory Limited                                                                 Director and Shareholder
         East Health Services Limited                                                                    Director
         Ormiston Health Properties Limited                                                              Director
         Health Improvement Group Limited                                                                Director
         East Health Clinic Investments Limited                                                          Director
         Evolve Education Group Limited                                                                  Director
         Evolve Management Group Limited                                                                 Director
         Lollipops Educare Centres Limited                                                               Director
         Lollipops Educare Holdings Limited                                                              Director

         NOTE: During the year Hamish Stevens ceased to be a director of Evolve ECEM Limited, Evolve Group 1 Limited, Evolve Group 2 Limited,
         Evolve Group 3 Limited, Evolve Group 4 Limited, Evolve Group 5 Limited, Evolve Group 6 Limited, Evolve Home Day Care Limited, Lollipops
         Educare (Birkenhead) Limited, Lollipops Educare (Hastings) Limited, and Lollipops Educare Limited due to company amalgamations.
         Counties Power Limited has changed its name to Counties Energy Limited.




       SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES
       See related party note 5.5 in the consolidated financial statements section for any disclosures made by Directors during the year ended
       31 March 2022 of any interests in transactions with Radius Care or any of its subsidiaries.


       USE OF COMPANY INFORMATION 								
       During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Board did not receive any notices from Directors requesting use of Radius Care’s or
       any of its subsidiaries’ information.


       DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS
       Directors of Radius Care have disclosed the following relevant interests in shares as at 31 March 2022:

        Director                                             Number of Shares in which Relevant Interest is Held
        Brien Cree                                                                                       95,312,500

        Bret Jackson                                                                                       4,617,783

        Duncan Cook                                                                                          571,153

        Hamish Stevens                                                                                       75,000




102                                                                                                                                            Caring is our calling
                                                                                                                                        OTHER DISCLOSURES




      SECURITIES DEALINGS OF DIRECTORS							
      Dealings by Directors in relevant interests in Radius Care’s ordinary shares in the year ended 31 March 2022 as entered in the
      Interests Register:							
                                                                           No. of                                        Price per   Date of
        Director                Transaction                                            Nature of Relevant Interest
                                                                           Shares                                        Share       Transaction

                                471,153 ordinary shares
                                Acquisition of 96,153 ordinary shares                  Acquisition of shares as
                                                                                                                                     3 August
        Duncan Cook             in Radius Residential Care Limited         471,153     registered holder and             52¢
                                                                                                                                     2021
                                under the Placement announced to the                   beneficial owner.
                                market on 8 July 2021.


                                                                                       Acquisition of shares as
                                                                                                                                     17 August
        Hamish Stevens          75,000 ordinary shares.                    75,000      registered holder and             55¢
                                                                                                                                     2021
                                                                                       beneficial owner.


                                571,153 ordinary shares
                                Acquisition of 100,000 ordinary shares                 Acquisition of shares as
                                                                                                                                     18 August
        Duncan Cook             in Radius Residential Care Limited         571,153     registered holder and             56¢
                                                                                                                                     2021
                                under the Retail Offer announced to the                beneficial owner.
                                market on 8 July 2021.


                                2,912,562 ordinary shares held
                                by Takatimu Investments Limited.                       Relevant interest in the shares
                                Acquisition by Takatimu Investments                    held by Takatimu Investments
                                Limited as trustee of the Takatimu                     Limited as trustee of the
                                                                                                                                     18 August
        Bret Jackson            Investment Trust of 300,000 ordinary       2,912,562   Takatimu Investment Trust,        52¢
                                                                                                                                     2021
                                shares in Radius Residential Care                      by virtue of being the sole
                                Limited under the Retail Offer                         shareholder and a Director of
                                announced to the market on 8                           Takatimu Investments Limited.
                                July 2021.


                                These shares were distributed to the
                                funds’ underlying investors - 26,822,028                                                             2 December
        Bret Jackson                                                       —           —                                 —
                                ordinary shares held by Knox Fund IV                                                                 2021
                                NZD LP and Fund IV AUD LP.

                                                                                       Relevant interest in the shares
                                4,617,783 ordinary shares held by                      held by Takatimu Investments
                                Takatimu Investments Limited. The                      Limited as trustee of the
                                                                                                                                     2 December
        Bret Jackson            shares increased by 1,705,221 due to       4,617,783   Takatimu Investment Trust,        —
                                                                                                                                     2021
                                the distribution of the Knox Fund IV NZD               by virtue of being the sole
                                LP and Knox Fund IV AUD LP funds.                      shareholder and a Director of
                                                                                       Takatimu Investments Limited.




      INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE
      Radius Care has granted indemnities, as permitted by the Companies Act 1993 and the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013, in favour of
      each of its Directors. Radius Care also maintains Directors’ and Officers’ liability insurance for its Directors and officers.


      SUBSIDIARY COMPANY DIRECTORS
      Brien Cree and Duncan Cook are Directors of all Radius Care subsidiaries as at 31 March 2022. No extra remuneration is payable for any
      Directorship of a subsidiary.			


      OTHER INFORMATION
      Auditor’s Fees 				
      Baker Tilly Staples Rodway is the external auditor of Radius Care and its subsidiaries. Total fees paid by Radius Care and its subsidiaries
      to Baker Tilly Staples Rodway in its capacity as auditor during the financial year ended 31 March 2022 were $201k. Total fees paid to
      Baker Tilly Staples Rodway for other professional services (being taxation compliance services) during the financial year ended 31
      March 2022 were $42k. No other fees were paid to Baker Tilly Staples Rodway for other professional services.




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                                         103
OTHER DISCLOSURES




        Donations                                                                 a. the Directors of Radius Care certify to NZ RegCo that:

        For the year ended 31 March 2022, Radius Care and its                       ii)    Radius Care was not unduly influenced in its
        subsidiaries paid a total of $5k in donations. No donations were                   decision to undertake the Share Issues by the
        paid to political parties.		                                                       Related Parties;
                                                                                    iii)   the terms of the Ohaupo Share Issue, the
        Stock Exchange Listings                                                            Placement and the Retail Offer have been
                                                                                           entered into, and negotiated, on an arm’s length
        Radius Care’s shares are listed on the NZX. Radius Care is
                                                                                           commercial basis;
        required to comply with the NZX Listing Rules. Radius Care
        confirms that it has complied with the NZX Listing Rules for the            iv)    the terms of the Ohaupo Share Issue, the
        financial year ended 31 March 2022.                                                Placement and the Retail Offer are fair and
                                                                                           reasonable to all Radius Care shareholders and in
                                                                                           the best interests of Radius Care;
        Waivers
                                                                                    v)     any participation by any Related Party in the
        In mid-2021 Radius Care entered into a transaction with Ohaupo
                                                                                           Placement will be on the same terms, and for
        Holdings Limited (Ohaupo HL) to acquire land and buildings at four
                                                                                           the same price, as all other participants in the
        leased sites in Auckland, Waikato, Taranaki and Canterbury for
                                                                                           Placement;
        $31.4 million (Ohaupo Acquisition). The purchase of these facilities
        was funded by a fully underwritten $23 million placement (with              vi)    any participation by any Related Party in the Retail
        the discretion to accept up to $7 million of oversubscriptions)                    Offer will be on materially the same terms, and
        (Placement) and $10 million of Radius Care shares issued to                        for the same price, as all other participants in the
        Ohaupo HL or its nominee/s (Ohaupo Share Issue). $30 million was                   Retail Offer;
        raised in the Placement.                                                    vii) no Related Party that participates in the Placement
                                                                                         will be involved in, or influence, any allocation
        In addition, Radius Care also carried out a non-underwritten retail
                                                                                         decisions with respect to the Placement or the
        offer (Retail Offer) of up to $5 million (with the discretion to accept
                                                                                         decision to set the Placement price; and
        up to $5 million of oversubscriptions) for debt repayment to create
        further headroom for potential future strategic growth initiatives.         viii) no Related Party that participates in the Retail
        $8.2 million was raised in the Retail Offer.                                      Offer will be involved in, or influence, any scaling
                                                                                          decisions with respect to the Retail Offer;
        On 8 July 2021, NZX Regulation Limited (NZ RegCo) granted
        Radius Care a waiver from NZX Listing Rule 4.19.1 to allow Radius         (the above certification was provided); and
        Care to allot shares under the Placement following its July special
                                                                                  b) Radius Care disclose the waiver and its conditions and
        meeting of shareholders (Special Meeting). The waiver was
                                                                                     implications in this annual report.
        provided on conditions that:
        a) the allotment of shares under the Placement occurred no later          For the full waiver decision please go to: www.nzx.com
           than eight business days after the Special Meeting; and                companies/RAD/announcements.

        b) the waiver and its conditions and implications are disclosed in        Credit Rating
           this annual report.
                                                                                  Radius Care has no credit rating.			
        Due to the Placement timetable Radius Care could not satisfy              				
        NZX Listing Rule 4.19.1 (which requires allotment to occur no later
        than 10 Business Days after the final closing date for an offer).

        Also on 8 July 2021, NZ RegCo granted Radius Care a waiver
        from NZX Listing Rule 5.2.1 to allow Radius Care to undertake the
        Placement, the Ohaupo Share Issue and the Retail Offer (the
        Share Issues) without needing to obtain an ordinary resolution
        of Radius Care shareholders because of the involvement or
        potential involvement of certain related parties. The waiver was
        provided on conditions that:




104                                                                                                                                       Caring is our calling
                                                                                                         SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION




      Shareholder
      Information
      TWENTY LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS				 			
      AS AT 31 MAY 2022		 						


        Registered Shareholder                                                       Number of shares         % Shares

        WAVE RIDER HOLDINGS LIMITED                                                        95,312,500            35.40

        NEIL JOHN FOSTER                                                                   15,595,040              5.79

        AARON SNODGRASS & BRIAN MALTBY & SIMON CURRAN & FRANCES VALINTINE & PETER
                                                                                           10,866,430             4.04
        ALEXANDER & JONATHAN MASON

        FORSYTH BARR CUSTODIANS LIMITED                                                     6,646,364              2.47

        PERPETUAL CORPORATE TRUST LIMITED - ACT PRIVATE EQUITY NO 3 FUND                    5,994,760              2.23

        PERPETUAL CORPORATE TRUST LIMITED - ROC ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT A/C VI               5,994,760              2.23

        PERPETUAL CORPORATE TRUST LIMITED - ROC ASIA PACIFIC CO-INVESTMENT FUND II          5,994,760              2.23

        BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES (NZ) LIMITED - NZCSD                                           5,603,493              2.08

        ACCIDENT COMPENSATION CORPORATION - NZCSD                                           5,097,500              1.89

        NEW ZEALAND DEPOSITORY NOMINEE LIMITED                                              4,839,333              1.80

        GLENN RAYMOND MILLER                                                                4,807,692              1.79

        TREVOR MAXWELL JONES                                                                4,807,692              1.79

        LEVERAGED EQUITIES FINANCE LIMITED                                                  4,735,630              1.76

        FNZ CUSTODIANS LIMITED                                                              4,665,597              1.73

        TAKATIMU INVESTMENTS LIMITED                                                         4,617,783             1.72

        CENTRAL LAKES DIRECT LIMITED                                                        4,434,102              1.65

        QUINTIN LOUIS PROCTOR                                                               4,326,924              1.61

        HSBC NOMINEES (NEW ZEALAND) LIMITED - NZCSD                                         3,890,836              1.45

        ANDREW JOHN CLARK                                                                   3,066,502              1.14

        CUSTODIAL SERVICES LIMITED                                                          2,592,054              0.96

        TOTAL                                                                            203,889,752              75.76




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                                                105
SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION




       SPREAD OF HOLDINGS
       AS AT 31 MAY 2022 						

        Size of Holding                                Number of Shareholders             %                Number of Shares                     %

        1 - 1,000                                                         148         10.57%                              96,418             0.04

        1,001 - 5,000                                                     461        32.93%                         1,168,735                0.43

        5,001 - 10,000                                                    211         15.07%                        1,7 7 7,890              0.66

        10,001 - 100,000                                                 449         32.07%                        15,219,232                5.65

        100,001 and over                                                  131         9.36%                      250,980,814                93.22

        Total                                                           1,400          100%                     269,243,089                   100




       SUBSTANTIAL PRODUCT HOLDERS
       According to Radius Care’s records and notices given under the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013, the following were substantial
       product holders of Radius Care as at 31 March 2022. The below shares may not represent the exact amount of shares currently held by
       these shareholders due to subsequent changes in shareholding after the lodging of the various Substantial Product Holder Notices.


                                                                                                    % of Shares Held at
         Substantial Product Holder                                             Number of Shares                                   Date of Notice
                                                                                                         Date of Notice



         Wave Rider Holdings Limited is the registered holder and
         beneficial owner of Shares as trustee for the Wave Rider
         Trust. As a result of Brien Cree having the right to appoint                                                              22 September
                                                                                      95,312,500                 35.40
         and remove trustees of the Wave Rider Trust, he has a                                                                             2021
         relevant interest in Shares held by Wave Rider Holdings
         Limited as trustee for the Wave Rider Trust.



         ROC Capital Pty Limited is the manager of ACT Private Equity
         No.3 Fund, ROC Alternative Investment Trust VI and ROC Asia
         Pacific Co-Investment Fund II (“ROC Funds”). As a result of
         the management role performed by ROC Capital Pty Limited
         for the ROC Funds, ROC Capital Pty Limited has a relevant
         interest in the Shares held by Perpetual Corporate Trust
         Limited as custodian for the ROC Funds as follows:                                                                         10 December
                                                                                      17,984,280                  10.19
         •      5,994,760 Shares held on behalf of ACT Private Equity                                                                      2020
                No.3 Fund;
         •      5,994,760 Shares held on behalf of ROC Alternative
                Investment Trust VI; and
         •      5,994,760 Shares held on behalf of ROC Asia Pacific
                Co-Investment Fund II



         Neil John Foster as registered holder and beneficial owner                    14,101,385                  5.56            5 August 2021



       The total number of ordinary shares (being the only class of quoted voting products) on issue in Radius Care as at 31 March 2022 was
       269,243,089.		




106                                                                                                                                     Caring is our calling
                                                                             CORPORATE DIRECTORY




      Corporate Directory
      RADIUS RESIDENTIAL                        BANKERS
      CARE LIMITED
                                                ASB
      Registered Office                         ASB North Wharf
      Level 4                                   12 Jellicoe Street
      56 Parnell Road                           Auckland 1010
      Parnell
      Auckland 1052
                                                AUDITORS
      Postal address
      PO Box 450                                Baker Tilly Staples Rodway
      Shortland Street                          Level 9
      Auckland                                  Tower Centre
                                                45 Queen Street
      Phone                                     Auckland 1010
      +64 9 304 1670


      Website
      www.radiuscare.co.nz


      Investor Relations
      investor@radiuscare.co.nz




      SHARE REGISTRAR

      Computershare Investor Services Limited
      Level 2
      159 Hurstmere Road
      Takapuna
      Auckland 0622

      Phone: +64 (9) 488 8700

      Postal Address:
      Private Bag 92119
      Victoria Street West
      Auckland 1142

      Investor Enquiries:
      09 488 8777
      www.computershare.co.nz/investorcentre




Radius Residential Care AR’22                                                                107
              Caring is our calling



     Radius Residential Care
                 ADDRESS
Level 4, 56 Parnell Road, Parnell, Auckland

                  PHONE
             +64 9 304 1670

                   EMAIL
        investor@radiuscare.co.nz
