                             Kaspi.kz 1Q 2025 Financial Results

Almaty, Kazakhstan, 12 May 2025 – Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz (“Kaspi.kz”, “we”)
(Nasdaq:KSPI) which operates the Kaspi.kz and Kaspi Pay Super Apps in Kazakhstan and owns
65.41% of Hepsiburada in Türkiye, today published its unaudited consolidated IFRS ﬁnancial
results for the quarter ended 31 March 2025 (“1Q 2025”).

1Q 2025 Highlights

   •   Our results for the ﬁrst quarter of the year were broadly as we expected them to be.
   •   1Q 2025 Revenue up 21% year-over-year (“YoY”), net income up 16% YoY. This and all
       references below exclude Türkiye unless otherwise stated.
   •   Customer engagement strong with Monthly Transactions per Active Consumer reaching
       75.
   •   In Payments, operational gearing once again resulted in proﬁt growth ahead of revenue
       growth.
           o Payments TPV and transactions up 23% and 17% YoY, respectively.
           o Payments revenue and net income up 16% and 21% YoY, respectively.
   •   Marketplace Platform revenue growth continued to signiﬁcantly outpace GMV growth.
           o Purchases up 36% YoY.
           o Revenue up 33% YoY versus 20% GMV growth, with revenue boosted by the
               growth of Kaspi Delivery, Kaspi Advertising and Classiﬁeds.
           o Within Marketplace, e-Grocery delivered the standout performance, with GMV
               up 64% YoY.
           o Marketplace net income up 19% YoY.
   •   Fintech Platform TFV growth up 17% YoY, with robust origination trends during the ﬁrst
       quarter.
           o Fintech revenue growth up 18% YoY on the back of healthy origination levels in
               2H 2024.
           o Higher than expected interest rates required us to increase macro-provisioning,
               resulting in 0.6% of Cost of Risk in 1Q 2025 versus 0.5% in the same period in
               2024. Underlying customer credit quality trends remain healthy and unchanged.
           o Net income growth up 8% YoY, reﬂecting the impact of additional macro-
               provisioning during the quarter.
           o Higher than expected interest rates are now expected to lead to higher deposit
               costs for the remainder of this year.
   •   Transaction to acquire 65.41% of Hepsiburada closed in January 2025. Initial $600
       million cash payment made with a further $526.9 million due no later than 6 months
       post-closing.
           o Top-line trends at Hepsiburada were impacted by politically driven consumption
               boycotts. Proﬁtability was also impacted by investment in early stage lending
               products. Overall consolidated net loss of KZT6 billion is minor in the context of
               Kaspi.kz’s bottom-line.
   •   $650 million 6.250% Five-Year Eurobond successfully placed.



                                                                                                1
       o     Funds raised are expected to enable us to support our expansion plans in
             Türkiye.
        o With a highly cash generative business in Kazakhstan and investment grade
             credit ratings from both Fitch and Moody’s, we now have greater ﬁnancial
             resources and ﬂexibility as we seek to grow our business and enhance
             shareholder value over the medium-term.
•   Fast initial execution in Türkiye with agreement to acquire Rabobank A.Ş.
        o With a banking license we would be able to launch deposit products and fund
             other ﬁnancial services.
        o Transaction subject to regulatory approval. Expected to close in 2H 2025.
•   In March new requirements to register imported smartphones were introduced in
    Kazakhstan. This temporarily reduced demand on our Marketplace and resulted in
    around 7% lower e-Commerce GMV growth during the ﬁrst quarter. Weaker demand for
    smartphones is likely to remain a near-term theme, while increased macro-economic
    uncertainty in recent weeks gives us slightly less visibility around demand for some large
    ticket, discretionary Marketplace categories including cars and consumer electronics.
•   Interest rate hikes are expected to make deposit costs higher and we believe a new 10%
    tax on revenue coming from investments in government securities is likely to be
    introduced this year.
•   Taking the above into account, we expect Kaspi.kz excluding Türkiye to deliver around
    15% consolidated net income growth YoY in 2025. This is a more conservative outlook
    than our previous guidance of around 20%, but still points to another year of decent
    bottom-line growth. If elevated deposit rates eventually moderate, this would be an
    important tailwind to our earnings growth, and we believe Hepsiburada and Türkiye is a
    signiﬁcant medium-term opportunity for us.




                                                                                             2
Update on product & strategic initiatives

In Kazakhstan the growth proﬁle of our product portfolio is well balanced between initiatives
that have achieved signiﬁcant scale such as Kaspi Pay, established but still fast-growing
services like e-Commerce and earlier-stage, high growth initiatives such as e-Grocery, Kaspi
Advertising and B2B Payments. Kaspi e-Grocery’s continued success is a good illustration of our
ability to innovate with high quality, highly relevant products and rapidly scale them across our
Super App user base.

During 1Q 2025, e-Grocery GMV increased 64% year-over-year and active consumers reached
around 969 thousand, up from 566 thousand in the same period in 2024. We are currently
present in the three largest cities (Almaty, Astana and Shymkent) and in 2025 we plan to enter 2
new cities. We believe e-Grocery is well positioned to keep growing fast.




Given the higher interest rate environment, we have made the decision to once again prioritise
growing our deposit base. Although an enlarged deposit base will mute Fintech earnings growth
in 2025, it should help us capture and fund more transactions in the future.

In 1Q 2025, we broadened the range of consumer term deposits we oner with a 6-month term
deposit. Consumers receive a high interest rate, can make top-ups at any time and withdrawals
without a notice period. Initial take-up has been encouraging and in April we launched a higher
rate but ﬁxed 3-month term product.




                                                                                                   3
Acquisition of controlling interest in Hepsiburada

On 29 January 2025 Kaspi.kz became the controlling shareholder of D-Market Electronic
Services & Trading (“Hepsiburada”) (NASDAQ: HEPS) with a 65.41% interest.

The total purchase price of approximately $1,127 million, comprises $600 million paid in cash at
closing. A deferred cash consideration of $526.9 million is due no later than six months after the
closing date.

In 2025 Hepsiburada’s team is focussing on the quality of their core e-Commerce services,
including improvements to the mobile app experience, amongst other innovations and
priorities.

Issuance of $650 million Eurobond

On 26 March 2025 Kaspi.kz settled the issuance of a $650 million ﬁve-year Eurobond. Interest
on the Notes will be paid in cash semi-annually in arrears at a rate of 6.250% per annum from
and including September 26, 2025.

We intend to use the net proceeds from the Notes for general corporate purposes, as we seek to
develop innovative digital products in Türkiye. We believe investing in Türkiye is the best thing we
can do today to ensure Kaspi.kz delivers sustainable long-term growth.

The Eurobond issuance follows the award of Kaspi.kz’s second investment grade credit rating. In
March 2025 Moody’s rated Kaspi.kz Baa3 with a stable outlook. Moody’s rating follows Fitch’s
investment BBB- credit rating and stable outlook, received in the second half of 2024. These
ratings are separate from Kaspi Bank, a component of Kaspi.kz’s Fintech Platform, which has
been tracked by international rating agencies for many years.


                                                                                                   4
Acquisition of Rabobank A.Ş (Türkiye)

On 27 March 2025 Kaspi.kz entered into a purchase agreement with Rabobank Group, relating
to the acquisition of Rabobank’s Turkish subsidiary Rabobank A.Ş.

Rabobank A.Ş. is a fully licensed bank in Türkiye which has neither borrowing or depositing
clients nor a branch network. With a banking license, Kaspi.kz will be able to launch deposit
products and other ﬁnancial services.

We expect to invest around $300 million to develop ﬁntech products in Turkiye in 2025.

The closing of the transaction is pending the receipt of required regulatory approvals and
satisfaction of all customary closing conditions.




                                                                                                5
Kaspi.kz 1Q 2025 Financial Highlights

During 1Q 2025, total revenue excluding Türkiye increased 21% year-over-year to KZT685 billion.
Including Türkiye revenue reached KZT834 billion ($1.7 billion).

Our Payments Platform delivered healthy top-line growth, due to the ongoing popularity of Kaspi
Pay and B2B Payments. In Marketplace, fast growth from Kaspi Advertising, Kaspi Delivery and
Classiﬁeds resulted in revenue growth signiﬁcantly outpacing GMV growth. e-Grocery keeps
growing quickly as we expand into new cities. Healthy TFV origination in 2H 2024 translated into
strong Fintech revenue growth in 1Q 2025, with yield trends stable year-over year.

During 1Q 2025, our consolidated net income excluding Türkiye increased 16% year-over-year to
KZT260 billion. Including Türkiye net income reached KZT254 billion ($0.5 billion).

Our Payments Platform continued to deliver strong bottom-line growth and high proﬁtability.
Marketplace delivered solid proﬁt growth, albeit at a lower rate than revenue growth due to
growth from lower margin 1P e-Grocery and e-Cars. In Fintech, Cost of Risk increased year-over-
year due to additional macro provisioning resulting from higher interest rates. Higher deposit
costs are expected to mute Fintech’s earnings growth from the second quarter of 2025.




                                                                                               6
Payments Platform
Revenue and net income up 16% and 21% YoY in 1Q 25
Strong top-line & faster bottom-line growth

During 1Q 2025, TPV increased 23% year-over-year to KZT9.7 trillion. TPV growth above
transactions growth reﬂects higher average ticket size year-over-year. Kaspi Pay QR and B2B
Payments accounted for 69% and 6% of 1Q 2025 TPV respectively. We expect B2B Payments to
continue growing faster than Payments TPV in 2025.

During 1Q 2025, transaction volumes increased 17% year-over-year. Volume growth reﬂects the
ongoing popularity of Kaspi Pay, Household Bill Payments and fast adoption of B2B Payments.




                                                                                              7
Payments take rate during 1Q 2025 was 1.13%, compared with 1.19% in 1Q 2024. Consistent
with previous periods, take rate decline year-over-year reﬂects faster growth from lower take
rate Kaspi Pay QR and B2B payments.

Payments Platform revenue increased 16% year-over-year to reach KZT147 billion during 1Q
2025. Growth in interest revenue on current account balances was below transaction revenue
growth.

Payments Platform net income increased 21% year-over-year to KZT98 billion, during 1Q 2025.
High Payments Platform proﬁtability continues to reﬂect tight cost control and operational
gearing.




                                                                                                8
In 2025, we continue to expect Payments Platform TPV to increase around 15-20% year-over-
year. We expect Payments take rate to continue moderating gradually, while interest revenue on
current account balances will likely grow at a slower rate than transaction revenue.

Marketplace Platform
Revenue and net income up 33% and 19% YoY in 1Q 25
Revenue growth > GMV growth due to fast growth from advertising, delivery & classiﬁeds

During 1Q 2025, Marketplace purchases increased 36% year-over-year. All Marketplace
services contributed to grow, led by e-Commerce including e-Grocery.

In 1Q 2025, Marketplace GMV increased 20% year-over-year to reach KZT1.5 trillion.

Valued-added services revenue including Kaspi Delivery, Advertising and Classiﬁeds
contributed to a Marketplace take rate of 10.3% in 1Q 2025 up from 9.5% in 1Q 2024.




                                                                                             9
In 1Q 2025, e-Commerce demand was strong with purchases up 97% year-over-year. e-
Commerce GMV increased 23% year-over-year to KZT694 billion. In March new requirements to
register imported smartphones were introduced in Kazakhstan. This increased prices and
temporarily reduced demand for smartphones on our Marketplace, resulting in around 7% lower
e-Commerce GMV growth during the ﬁrst quarter.

e-Grocery GMV accounted for 6% of e-Commerce GMV in 1Q 2025. e-Cars, accounted for 27%
of e-Commerce GMV over the same period, while the remaining 67% of e-Commerce GMV is
attributable to general goods.

e-Commerce’s take rate increased 140 bps year-over -year to 12.5% in 1Q 2025.




                                                                                         10
During 1Q 2025 m-Commerce GMV growth increased 17% year-over-year to KZT679 billion. m-
Commerce’s take rate increased by 20 bps year-over-year to 9.1% during 1Q 2025. m-
Commerce purchases increased 2% year-over-year as more consumers and merchants migrate
to e-Commerce.

Kaspi Travel’s GMV increased 22% year-over-year to KZT118 billion during 1Q 2025. Kaspi
Travel’s take rate increased by 80 bps year-over-year to 5.3%, due to growth in Kaspi Tours. Tours
accounted for 11% of Travel’s GMV in 1Q 2025 and should help Travel’s GMV growth remain
strong in 2025.

With Marketplace take rate up year-over-year, 1Q 2025 Marketplace revenue grew faster than
Marketplace GMV growth and was up 33% year-over-year to KZT201 billion.

During 1Q 2025, Marketplace net income reached KZT85 billion, representing a 19% increase
year-over-year. Net income growth below revenue growth reﬂects the ongoing impact of growth
from lower margin 1P e-Grocery and e-Cars.




                                                                                                11
In 2025, we currently expect Marketplace GMV to increase between 15-20% year-over-year,
compared with our previous 25-30% guidance. Our more conservative outlook for the remainder
of the year assumes ongoing weaker demand for smartphones, while increased macro-
economic uncertainty in recent weeks gives us slightly less visibility around demand for some
large ticket, discretionary Marketplace categories including cars and consumer electronics. In
the case of cars speciﬁcally, lower demand disproportionately reduces GMV growth but has a
lesser impact on revenue and net income. We expect Marketplace revenue will continue to be
boosted by the growth of Kaspi Delivery and Kaspi Advertising.

Fintech Platform
Revenue up 18% YoY & net income up 8% FY 2024
TFV up 17% but net income growth impacted by macro provisioning

During 1Q 2025, TFV increased 17% year-over-year, to reach KZT2.6 trillion.

Lower risk, small ticket Buy-Now-Pay-Later (BNPL) loans accounted for 42% of TFV in 1Q 2025,
making them our most important Fintech Platform product. Merchant and Micro Business
Finance is our fastest growing lending product in terms of share of TPV, accounting for 18% of
TFV during 1Q 2025. For the remainder of the year, we expect merchant related TFV to continue
growing at a faster rate than the consumer related lending products.




                                                                                             12
Our average net loan portfolio increased by 34% year-over-year, to KZT5.9 trillion in 1Q 2025.
Over the same period, average savings increased by 20% year-over-year to KZT6.3 trillion. Our
loan to deposit ratio increased to 97% in 1Q 2025 up from 86% in the ﬁrst quarter of 2024.
Having just launched a range of consumer term deposits, we will once again prioritise growing
our deposit base.

During 1Q 2025, our cost of risk was 0.6% up from 0.5% in the same period in 2024. Although
underlying credit trends remain strong and consistent with previous years, higher interest rates
necessitated additional macro provisioning. For 2025 we expect cost of risk to be stable year-
over-year.

Our NPL ratio of 5.6% was slightly higher than 5.4% at the end of 2024, reﬂecting normal ﬁrst
quarter seasonality.

Fintech revenue increased by 18% year-over-year to reach KZT343 billion during 1Q 2025.
Fintech revenue growth is beneﬁtting from healthy levels of origination in 2H 2024 and stable
yield trends year-over-year.

In 1Q 2025, Fintech’s net income increased by 8% year-over-year to KZT76 billion, with growth
impacted by additional macro provisioning.




                                                                                                 13
For 2025 we now expect around 15% Fintech TFV growth year-over-year, which is at the lower
end of our previous 15-20% guidance. Lower Fintech TFV growth is related to lower Marketplace
GMV growth.

We increased our main deposit rate in April 2025 and have launched two new higher rate term
deposits. With the cost of funding now likely to remain higher for longer we expect Fintech’s
bottom-line growth to continue to lag its top-line growth, with stable year-over-year provisioning
a partial onset.

Hepsiburada

Hepsidburada’s 1Q 2025 ﬁnancial results release can be accessed at:
investor.hepsiburada.com




                                                                                                14
Updated Full Year 2025 Guidance

Increased macro-economic uncertainty in recent weeks gives us slightly less visibility around
demand for some large ticket, discretionary Marketplace categories including cars and
consumer electronics. In the case of cars speciﬁcally, lower demand disproportionately
reduces GMV growth but has a lesser impact on net income. Lower smartphone sales are
expected to remain a theme in the second quarter.

Interest rates in Kazakhstan increased sharply and we believe they will stay elevated for the
remainder of this year. For us, this means higher deposit funding costs than we expected just a
couple of months ago.

Our revised Kaspi.kz net income guidance includes our estimates for a new 10% tax on revenue
coming from investments in government securities, as well as the impact on proﬁtability from
higher central bank reserve requirements. Though not conﬁrmed, we believe it is likely both
measures will be introduced later this year.

All combined, we now expect Kaspi.kz excluding Türkiye to deliver around 15% consolidated net
income growth year-over-year. This is more conservative than our previous guidance of around
20% but still points to another year of decent bottom-line growth. If elevated deposit rates
eventually moderate, this would be an important tailwind to our earnings growth, and we believe
Hepsiburada and Türkiye is a signiﬁcant medium-term growth opportunity for us.

For 2025 we are providing Kaspi.kz consolidated guidance excluding results from our business
in Türkiye.




                                                                                                15
1Q 2025 Financial Results Conference Call

Monday, 12th May 2025 at 8.00am EST (1pm GMT, 5.00pm Astana time).

To pre-register for this call, please go to the following link:

https://www.netroadshow.com/events/login?show=b4b62bc7&confId=81151

You will receive access details via email.




                                                                      16
Kaspi.kz consolidated ﬁnancial statements




                                            17
18
About Kaspi.kz

Kaspi.kz’s mission is to improve people’s lives by developing innovative mobile products and
services. To deliver upon this we operate a unique two-sided Super App model – Kaspi.kz Super
App for consumers and Kaspi Pay Super App for merchants.

Through these Super Apps consumers and merchants can access our leading Payments,
Marketplace, and Fintech Platforms. All our services are designed to be highly relevant to users’
everyday needs and enable consumers and merchants to connect and transact between
themselves.

The combination of a large, highly engaged consumer and merchant base, best-in-class, highly
relevant digital products and a capex lite approach, results in strong top-line growth, a
proﬁtable business model and enables us to continue innovating, delighting our users and
fulﬁlling our mission.

In January 2025, Kaspi.kz acquired a 65.41% stake in Hepsiburada, one of the leading e-
commerce companies in Türkiye.

Harvard Business School has written two case studies on Kaspi.kz which it continues to teach
to its MBA students.

Kaspi.kz has been listed on Nasdaq since January 2024.

Use of Key Financial & Operating Metrics

Certain parts of this press release contain our key financial and operating metrics, which we do not
consider to be non-IFRS financial measures. We use these metrics to evaluate our business, measure
our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate financial projections and make
strategic decisions. Our key operating metrics may be calculated in a manner different than similar
key financial and operating metrics used by other companies. For definitions of our key financial and
operating metrics please refer to “Other Key Financial and Operating Metrics” section of our latest
20-F.

Exchange Rate Calculations

The Kazakhstani tenge (KZT) to US dollar ($) exchange rate used by us for the presentation of certain
financial, operating and other data denominated in tenge and included in this presentation is
KZT504.44 per $1 as of 31 March 2025.

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities
laws, which statements relate to our current expectations and views of future events. In some cases,
these forward-looking statements can be identified by words or phrases such as “believe,” “may,”
“might,” “will,” “expect,” “estimate,” “could,” “should,” “anticipate,” “aim,” “estimate,” “intend,”
“plan,” “believe,” “potential,” “prospective,” “continue,” “is/are likely to” or other similar
expressions. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions,
some of which are beyond our control. Therefore, you should not place undue reliance on these
forward-looking statements. In addition, these forward-looking statements reflect our current views
with respect to future events and are not a guarantee of future performance. Actual outcomes may



                                                                                                   19
differ materially from the information contained in the forward-looking statements as a result of a
number of factors, including, without limitation, risks related to the following: our ability to attract
sufficient new customers, engage and retain our existing customers or sell additional functionality,
products and services to them on our platforms; our ability to maintain and improve the network
effects of our Super App business model; our ability to improve or maintain technology
infrastructure; our ability to successfully execute the new business model and reach profitability in
certain of our operations; our ability to partner with sufficient new merchants or maintain
relationships with our existing merchant partners; our ability to effectively manage the growth of
our business and operations; developments affecting the financial services industry; our brand or
trusted status of our platforms and Super Apps; our ability to retain and motivate our personnel and
attract new talent, or to maintain our corporate culture; our ability to keep pace with rapid
technological developments to provide innovative services; our ability to implement changes to our
systems and operations necessary to capitalize on our future growth opportunities; changes in
relationships with third-party providers, including software and hardware suppliers, delivery
services, credit bureaus and debt collection agencies; our ability to compete successfully against
existing or new competitors; our ability to integrate acquisitions, strategic alliances and investments
and realize the benefits of such transactions; our ability to adequately obtain, maintain, enforce and
protect our intellectual property and similar proprietary rights; risks related to Kazakhstan and the
other countries in which we operate, including with regard to the evolving nature of the applicable
legislative and regulatory framework and that of other jurisdictions in which we operate; our ability
to obtain or retain certain licenses, permits and approvals in a timely manner; the significant
influence of our existing shareholders and ability of ADS holders to influence corporate matters;
differences between the rights of our shareholders, governed by Kazakhstan law and our charter,
from the typical rights of shareholders under U.S. state laws; our ability to successfully remediate
the existing material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and our ability to
establish and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting; dependence
on our subsidiaries for cash to fund our operations and expenses, including future dividend
payments, if any; lack of protections for ADS holders compared to those afforded to shareholders of
companies that are not “foreign private issuers;” the fact that the price of our ADSs might fluctuate
significantly and that any future sales or ADSs or common shares may negatively impact the stock
price; and risks related to other factors discussed under Item 3.D. “Risk Factors” in our Annual
Report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on March 10, 2025 and
our other SEC filings we make from time to time.

We operate in an evolving environment. New risks emerge from time to time, and it is not possible
for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the effect of all factors on our business or
the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ
materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.

The forward-looking statements made in this press release relate only to events or information as of
the date on which the statements are made in this press release. Except as required by law, we
undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a
result of new information, future events or otherwise, after the date on which the statements are
made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

For further information

David Ferguson, david.ferguson@kaspi.kz +44 7427 751 275




                                                                                                      20
