JOINT STOCK COMPANY
KASPI.KZ
Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended
31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz

Table of Contents




                                                             Page


STATEMENT OF MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITIES
FOR THE PREPARATION AND APPROVAL
OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023, 2024, AND 2025

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT                                  2-6

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED
31 DECEMBER 2023, 2024, AND 2025:

    Consolidated statements of profit or loss                  7

    Consolidated statements of other comprehensive income      8

    Consolidated statements of financial position              9

    Consolidated statements of changes in equity            10-11

    Consolidated statements of cash flows                     12

    Notes to the Consolidated financial statements          13-81
                                                                                                                          Deloitte LLP
                                                                                                                          36 Al Farabi Avenue
                                                                                                                          Almaty, 050059
                                                                                                                          Republic of Kazakhstan
                                                                                                                          Tel.: +7 (727) 258 13 40
                                                                                                                          Fax: +7 (727) 258 13 41
                                                                                                                          deloitte.kz




INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz


Opinion

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz and its
subsidiaries (the “Group”), which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as
at 31 December 2025, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, other comprehensive
income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows
for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material
accounting policy information.

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2025, and
its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended
in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board (“IASB”).

Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for
the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of
the Group in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’
International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence
Standards) (the “IESBA Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest
entities, together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to audits of the financial
statements of public interest entities in the Republic of Kazakhstan. We have also fulfilled our
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the IESBA Code. We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our opinion.

Key Audit Matters

Key audit matter is the matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in
our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. This matter was
addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in
forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on this matter.



Deloitte refers to one or more of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited (“DTTL”), its global network of member firms, and their related entities
(collectively, the “Deloitte organization”). DTTL (also referred to as “Deloitte Global”) and each of its member firms and related entities are
legally separate and independent entities, which cannot obligate or bind each other in respect of third parties. DTTL and each DTTL member
firm and related entity is liable only for its own acts and omissions, and not those of each other. DTTL does not provide services to clients.
Please see www.deloitte.com/about to learn more.
© 2026 Deloitte LLP. All rights reserved.
Why the matter was determined to         How the matter was addressed in the audit
be a key audit matter
As disclosed in Note 12 as at            Our audit procedures related to the measurement
31 December 2025, the allowance          of ECL on loans to customers with shared credit
for impairment losses and                characteristics included the following, among
corresponding provision for              others:
expected credit loss (“ECL”) on loans
to customers amounted to                 •   We involved internal credit specialists to assist
KZT 371,764 million.                         us in evaluating and challenging the
The Group calculates the ECL on a            assumptions and methodologies used to
collective basis for loans to                develop estimates of PD, LGD, EAD and the
customers with shared credit risk            macroeconomic forward looking information
characteristics and uses estimates of        used by management and testing the
the Probability of Default (PD), the         mathematical accuracy of the ECL;
Loss Given Default (LGD) and the         •   We tested the completeness and accuracy of
Exposure at Default (EAD). In                the underlying data used in the ECL; and
addition, the ECL calculations require   •   We tested operating effectiveness of certain
management to make significant               manual and IT controls over data transfer,
judgment in incorporating                    information capture and processing in the
macroeconomic forward looking                generation of the underlying statistical data, as
information in its ECL calculations          well as IT general controls related to user
using scenarios for a direct                 access for the relevant IT systems.
adjustment of default probabilities.
There is also a significant volume of
data used in the ECL calculations on
loans to customers with shared
credit risk characteristics which is
sourced from relevant Information
Technology (IT) systems.
Given the amount of significant
judgment that management made in
estimating PD, LGD, and EAD and in
incorporating macroeconomic
forward looking information in its
ECL calculations, performing audit
procedures to evaluate the
reasonableness of the calculations of
ECL on loans to customers with
shared credit risk characteristics
required a high degree of auditor
judgment and an increased extent of
effort.




                                              3
Other Information

Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the Annual Report, but does not include the consolidated financial
statements and our auditors’ report thereon. The Annual Report is expected to be made
available to us after the date of this auditors’ report.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information
and we will not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to
read the other information identified above when it becomes available and, in doing so,
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be
materially misstated.

When we read the Annual Report, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement
therein, we are required to communicate the matter to those charged with governance.


Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated
Financial Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated
financial statements in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB,
and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable
the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing
the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related
to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either
intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to
do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial
reporting process.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error,
and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high
level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from
fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of
these consolidated financial statements.




                                               4
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

   •   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
       statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures
       responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
       appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
       misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error,
       as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
       or the override of internal control.
   •   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design
       audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose
       of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
   •   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of
       accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
   •   Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis
       of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material
       uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
       the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
       uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
       the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
       disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on
       the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
       events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
   •   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated
       financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated
       financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner
       that achieves fair presentation.
   •   Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence
       regarding the financial information of the entities or business units within the group
       as a basis for forming an opinion on the group financial statements. We are
       responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed
       for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters,
the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any
significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied
with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them
all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
applied.




                                             5
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

1.   Corporate information

     Overview

     Kaspi.kz operates a two-sided Super App business model in Kazakhstan: the Kaspi.kz Super
     App for consumers and the Kaspi Pay Super App for merchants and entrepreneurs. Our
     offerings include payments, marketplace and fintech solutions for both consumers and
     merchants. Our business model, reinforced by our highly recognizable brand and continuing
     product innovation, generates powerful network effects, which has resulted in growth
     across all our platforms and strong financial performance. Since 2025 the Group operates
     the Hepsiburada marketplace in Türkiye.

     Kaspi.kz Segments

     Our segment reporting is based on our three business platforms:

     •     Payments: Our Payments Platform facilitates transactions between and among
           merchants and consumers. For consumers, our Payments Platform is a highly
           convenient way to pay for shopping transactions, regular household bills and make
           peer-to-peer payments. For merchants, our Payments Platform enables them to accept
           payments online and in-store, issue and instantly settle invoices, pay suppliers and
           monitor merchants’ turnover. Our Payments Platform is our main customer acquisition
           tool and we consider it to be fundamental for high levels of customer engagement.
           Having achieved scale with consumers and merchants, our Payments Platform brings
           more value to consumers and merchants.
     •     Marketplace: Our Marketplace Platform connects both online and offline merchants
           with consumers, enabling merchants to increase their sales and allowing consumers to
           purchase a broad selection of products and services from a wide range of merchants.
           Marketplace has three main propositions — m-Commerce, e-Commerce, and Kaspi
           Travel. m-Commerce brings a digital shopping experience to a merchant’s physical
           location, while consumers can use e-Commerce to shop anywhere, anytime and
           typically with free delivery. Kaspi Travel allows consumers to book domestic and
           international flights, domestic rail tickets, and domestic and international package
           holidays. All Marketplace services, except for Türkiye, are integrated with our Fintech
           and Payments Platforms. Other than in e-Grocery (which enables consumers to order
           groceries through the Kaspi.kz Super App with home delivery), part of e-Cars (which
           facilitates buying and selling used cars), and Türkiye Marketplace (which represents
           hybrid commerce model rooted in a unified “1P” and “3P” based catalogue), our
           Marketplace Platform is a “3P” model, enabling third-party merchants to sell their
           products directly to consumers.
     •     Fintech: Our Fintech Platform provides consumers and merchants with BNPL, finance
           and deposit products. All our Fintech services can be accessed through our Super
           Apps, fully digitally, with users identified using Kaspi ID biometrics technology. We
           lend only in local currency and we fund our financing products mainly using deposit
           products, which are primarily local currency savings accounts. As we add more
           opportunities to transact with the Kaspi.kz Super App, we anticipate that consumers
           will keep more of their deposits with us.




                                                                                               13
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     Information about the group of companies

     Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz (“the Company” or “the Group”) was incorporated in the
     Republic of Kazakhstan in 2008. The Company is regulated by the National Bank of the
     Republic of Kazakhstan (“NBRK”) and the Agency of the Republic of Kazakhstan for
     Regulation and Development of Financial Market. The registered address of the Company is
     154A, Nauryzbai Batyr street, Almaty, 050013, the Republic of Kazakhstan.

     On 3 February 2023, Kaspi Shop LLC, our subsidiary, acquired a 51% share in “Magnum E-
     commerce Kazakhstan” LLC, followed by an acquisition of an additional 39.01% of the
     shares in “Magnum E-commerce Kazakhstan” LLC to 90.01%. The remaining 9.99% is
     owned by “Magnum Cash&Carry” LLС, the largest retail food chain in Kazakhstan.

     On 12 October 2023, Kaspi Shop LLC, our subsidiary, acquired 39.758% of the shares of
     Kolesa JSC from Krysha & Kolesa Holding B.V. (“the Kolesa Group”), an indirect subsidiary of
     Baring Vostok Private Equity Fund V. On 12 October 2023, Mikheil Lomtadze, Chairman of
     the Management Board and significant shareholder of the Group, who is also a significant
     shareholder of Kolesa Group, has assigned 11% of the shares of Kolesa Group to Kaspi Shop
     LLC in trust, under a trust management agreement to Kaspi Shop LLC, which enables Kaspi
     Shop LLC to hold approximately 50.76% of the voting rights in Kolesa Group, allowing Kaspi
     Shop LLC to vote with these shares in a manner consistent with Kaspi Shop LLC’s interests.
     Therefore, the Trust Management Agreement gives control over the board of directors of
     Kolesa Group.

     On 29 January 2025, the Group acquired 65.41% share in “D-MARKET Electronic Services &
     Trading” (“Hepsiburada”) JSC with the consideration of approximately USD 1,127 million,
     followed by an acquisition of an additional 10.55% of the shares in Hepsiburada to 75.96%
     with the consideration of approximately USD 66 million.

     On 27 March 2025, Kaspi.kz has signed a share purchase agreement with Rabobank Group,
     relating to the purchase of Rabobank’s Turkish subsidiary Rabobank A.Ş. The transaction is
     not material. Rabobank A.Ş. is a fully licensed bank in Türkiye which has neither borrowing
     or depositing clients nor a branch network. At the time the consolidated financial statements
     were authorised for issue, the agreement is subject to customary closing conditions and
     receipt of regulatory approval by certain Turkish government agencies.

     On 10 September 2025, the Group has signed an agreement on sale of Portmone Group to
     an unrelated third party. The transaction does not represent a separate major line of
     business or geographical area, and is not presented as discontinued operations in
     accordance with IFRS 5 in these consolidated financial statements. No material gain/loss
     was recognised by the Group as net assets approximated the fair value of consideration
     received. Portmone Group was part of the Group’s Payments segment.




                                                                                               14
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     The Company is the parent of the following directly and indirectly held subsidiaries:

                                                                     Ownership   Ownership   Ownership
                                                                          as at       as at       as at
                                                    Country of     31 December 31 December 31 December
     Subsidiary                Type of operation    operation             2023        2024        2025
                               Payment
     Kaspi Pay LLC              processing           Kazakhstan          Directly       Directly        Directly
                                services                                 (100%)         (100%)          (100%)
                                                                         Directly       Directly        Directly
     Kaspi Shop LLC            Marketplace           Kazakhstan
                                                                         (100%)         (100%)          (100%)
                                                                                                        Directly
     Hepsiburada               Marketplace            Türkiye
                                                                                -               -     (75.96%)
                                                                         Directly        Directly       Directly
     Kaspi Travel LLC          Online travel         Kazakhstan
                                                                         (100%)          (100%)         (100%)
                                                                       Indirectly      Indirectly     Indirectly
     Kolesa Group              Classifieds           Kazakhstan
                                                                       (39.76%)        (39.56%)        (39.6%)
     Magnum E-commerce                                                 Indirectly      Indirectly     Indirectly
                               E-Grocery             Kazakhstan
      Kazakhstan LLC                                                   (90.01%)        (90.01%)       (90.01%)
                                                                       Indirectly      Indirectly     Indirectly
     Kaspi Bank JSC            Banking               Kazakhstan
                                                                       (98.95%)        (98.95%)       (98.95%)
                               Distressed asset                        Indirectly      Indirectly     Indirectly
     ARK Balance LLC                                 Kazakhstan
                                management                             (98.95%)        (98.95%)       (98.95%)
                                                                         Directly        Directly       Directly
     Kaspi Office LLC          Real estate           Kazakhstan
                                                                         (100%)          (100%)         (100%)
                                                                         Directly        Directly       Directly
     Kaspi Group JSC           Holding company       Kazakhstan
                                                                         (100%)          (100%)         (100%)
                                                                       Indirectly      Indirectly     Indirectly
     Digital Classifieds LLC   Classifieds           Azerbaijan
                                                                         (100%)          (100%)         (100%)
                               Payment
     Portmone Group             processing            Ukraine          Indirectly      Indirectly
                                services                                 (100%)          (100%)                -
                               Storage and
     Kaspi Cloud LLC            processing of        Kazakhstan        Indirectly      Indirectly     Indirectly
                                information                              (100%)          (100%)         (100%)

     The shareholders are as follows:

                                                                        2023             2024             2025
                                                                          %                %                %
     Baring Funds*                                                      27.53            24.69            23.22
     Mikheil Lomtadze                                                   24.67            22.60            22.58
     Vyacheslav Kim                                                     23.47            21.40            20.74
     Public Investors                                                   20.92            27.67            29.59
     Management                                                          3.41             3.64             3.87
     Total                                                            100.00           100.00           100.00

     *As at 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025, Asia Equity Partners Limited held 21.06%, 8.73% and 7.29% of total
     shares respectively, Fintech Partners Limited held 0%, 9.50% and 9.49% of total shares respectively, Baring
     Fintech Nexus Limited held 6.47%, 6.45% and 0% of total shares respectively, and European Investors Limited
     held 0%, 0% and 6.44% of total shares respectively, on behalf of Baring Funds.




                                                                                                             15
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

2.   Basis of presentation

     Foreign currency translation

     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in Kazakhstani tenge, which is
     also the functional currency of the Company.

     The individual financial statements of each Group company are presented in the currency of
     the primary economic environment in which it operates (its functional currency). In
     preparing the financial statements of each individual entity, monetary assets and liabilities
     denominated in currencies other than the entity’s functional currency (foreign currencies)
     are translated at the appropriate spot rates or exchange rates prevailing at the reporting
     date. Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded at their spot rates at the date
     of the transaction.

     With the exception of the Group’s Turkish lira operations, which is subject to
     hyperinflationary accounting, as explained in the accounting policies below, non-monetary
     items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using
     the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at
     fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the
     fair value is determined.

     The individual financial statements of each Group company whose functional currency is the
     currency of a hyperinflationary economy are adjusted for inflation and then translated into
     Kazakhstani tenge using the reporting date exchange rate.

     Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation are
     treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated accordingly.

     Rates of exchange

     The exchange rates at the period-end used by the Group in the preparation of the
     consolidated financial statements are as follows:

                                                                2023             2024            2025
     KZT/USD                                                   454.56          525.11         505.53
     KZT/EUR                                                   502.24          546.74         593.44
     KZT/TRY                                                        -               -          11.80

     Going concern

     These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the assumption that the
     Group is a going concern, as the Group has the resources to continue in operation for at
     least the next twelve months. In making this assessment, management has considered a
     wide range of information in relation to present and future economic conditions, including
     projections of cash flows, profit and capital resources.




                                                                                                  16
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

3.   Material accounting policies

     Basis of accounting

     These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS
     Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB.

     The Company and its subsidiaries maintain their accounting records in accordance with IFRS
     Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB. The consolidated financial statements have
     been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for the revaluation of certain properties
     and financial instruments that are measured at revalued amounts or fair values at the end of
     each reporting period, as explained in the accounting policies below, and for the application
     of IAS 29 “Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies” (“IAS 29”) for the Group’s
     subsidiaries reporting in Turkish lira, as explained in the accounting policies below. The
     Group presents its statements of financial position in order of liquidity.

     Offsetting

     Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the
     Consolidated Statements of Financial Position only when there is a legally enforceable right
     to offset the recognized amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to
     realize the assets and settle the liability simultaneously. Income and expense are not offset
     in the Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss unless required or permitted by any
     accounting standards or interpretations, and as specifically disclosed in the accounting
     policies of the Group.

     The principal accounting policies adopted are set out below.

     Basis of consolidation

     The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company
     and entities controlled by the Company (its subsidiaries). Control is achieved when the
     Company has power over the investee; is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its
     involvement with the investee; and has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

     The Company reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances
     indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

     When the Company has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power
     over the investee when the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct
     the relevant activities of the investee unilaterally. The Company considers all relevant facts
     and circumstances in assessing whether or not the Company’s voting rights in an investee
     are sufficient to give it power. Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Company
     obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Company loses control of the
     subsidiary.




                                                                                                    17
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     Non-controlling interests

     Non-controlling interests represent the portion of profit or loss and net assets of subsidiaries
     not owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company. Non-controlling interests may initially be
     measured at fair value or at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the fair
     value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. The choice of measurement is made on an
     acquisition-by-acquisition basis. Non-controlling interests are presented separately in the
     Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss and within equity in the Consolidated Statements
     of Financial Position, separately from those attributable to the shareholders of the Company.

     Hyperinflationary economy

     The economy of Türkiye was designated as hyperinflationary from 30 June 2022. The Group
     has applied IAS 29 to its Turkish operations whose functional currencies are Turkish Lira
     from 29 January 2025. In applying IAS 29, the Turkish lira results and non-monetary asset
     and liability balances for relevant financial years have been revalued to their present value
     equivalent local currency amounts at the reporting date, based on the consumer price
     indexes issued by the Statistical Institute of Türkiye. Comparative periods are not restated
     per IAS 21 “The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange rates”. Türkiye’s annual
     inflation rate for the year ended 31 December 2025 was 30.89%.

     For the Group’s operations in Türkiye:

     − The gain or loss on the revaluation of net monetary assets resulting from IAS 29
     application is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss within Other
     gains/(losses);
     − The Group presents the gain or loss on cash and cash equivalents as monetary items
     together with the effect of inflation on operating, investing and financing cash flows as one
     number in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows;
     − The Group has presented the equity revaluation effects and the impact of currency
     movements within Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income as such
     amounts are judged to meet the definition of ‘exchange differences’.

     Cash and cash equivalents

     Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, cash balances with NBRK, reverse
     repurchase agreements and unrestricted balances on correspondent accounts and deposits
     with other banks with original maturities within three months and are free from contractual
     encumbrances. Cash and cash equivalents are measured at amortized cost.

     Mandatory cash balances with NBRK

     Mandatory cash balances with NBRK represent funds in correspondent accounts with the
     NBRK and cash which are not available to finance the Group’s day to day operations and,
     hence, are not considered as part of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.




                                                                                                  18
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     Due from banks

     In the normal course of business, the Group maintains advances and deposits for various
     periods of time with other banks. Due from banks initially are recognized at fair value. Due
     from banks are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest
     method, and are carried net of allowance for impairment losses.

     Property, equipment

     Property, equipment and intangible assets, except land and buildings, are carried at
     historical cost less accumulated depreciation, with the exception of land which is not
     depreciated and any recognized impairment loss, if any. Depreciation on assets under
     construction and those not placed in service commences from the date the assets are ready
     for their intended use.

     Depreciation of property, equipment and amortization of intangible assets is charged on the
     carrying value of property, equipment and intangible assets and is designed to write off
     assets over their useful economic lives. Depreciation has been calculated on a straight-line
     basis at 2% per annum for buildings and construction and 7%-50% for furniture and
     computers and intangible assets.

     Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the life of the related leased
     asset or the lease term. Expenses related to repairs and renewals are charged when
     incurred and included in cost of goods and services in the Consolidated Statements of Profit
     or Loss, unless they qualify for capitalization.

     Buildings and constructions held for use in the supply of services, or for administrative
     purposes, are stated in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position at their revalued
     amounts, being the fair value at the date of revaluation determined on the basis of market
     data by qualified independent appraisers, less any subsequent accumulated depreciation
     and subsequent accumulated impairment losses. Revaluations are performed with sufficient
     regularity such that the carrying amounts do not differ materially from those that would be
     determined using fair values at the end of the reporting period.

     An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognized upon disposal or when no future
     economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. The gain or
     loss arising on the disposal or derecognition of an asset is determined as the difference
     between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognized in profit
     or loss.

     Goodwill

     Goodwill represents the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net
     assets acquired in a business combination. Goodwill derived is based on a reasonable
     estimation of excess earning power expected from future business development. If the
     aggregate of the consideration transferred is lower than the fair value of the net assets of
     the subsidiary acquired, the difference is recognized as a gain from bargain purchase in the
     Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss within Other gains/(losses).




                                                                                                19
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     Goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment at least annually at the reporting
     period or more frequently when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate the
     carrying value may not be recoverable. An impairment loss recognized for goodwill is not
     reversed in a subsequent period. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is
     allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units expected to benefit from the
     synergies of the combination.

     On disposal of a subsidiary or the relevant cash-generating unit, the attributable amount of
     goodwill is included in the determination of the profit or loss on disposal.

     Intangible assets (trademarks, brands)

     Intangible assets, such as patents, trademarks, customer bases and brands are reported at
     cost less accumulated amortization (where they have finite useful lives) and accumulated
     impairment losses.

     Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their
     estimated useful lives at a 7%-33.3% per annum. The estimated useful life and amortization
     method are reviewed as at each reporting date, with the effect of any changes in estimate
     being accounted for on a prospective basis.

     Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized. The Group performs an
     analysis of product life cycle and studies market trends to provide evidence that the product
     will generate net cash inflows for the Group for an indefinite period. Each period, the useful
     lives of such assets are reviewed to determine whether events and circumstances continue
     to support an indefinite useful life assessment for the asset. Such assets are tested for
     impairment at least annually and whenever there is an indication at the end of a reporting
     period that the asset may be impaired.

     Capitalization of internally-generated intangible assets

     An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development is recognised if, and only
     if, all of the following conditions have been demonstrated:

     •     The technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for
           use or sale;
     •     The intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;
     •     The ability to use or sell the intangible asset;
     •     How the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;
     •     The availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the
           development and to use or sell the intangible asset;
     •     The ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset
           during its development.

     The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible assets is the sum of the
     expenditure incurred from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition
     criteria listed above. Where no internally-generated intangible asset can be recognised,
     development expenditure is recognised in profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.




                                                                                                     20
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     Inventory

     Inventories, comprising of goods, are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value.
     Cost comprises direct materials and, where applicable, direct labour costs and those
     overheads that have been incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and
     condition. Cost is calculated using the weighted average cost method. Net realisable value
     represents the estimated selling price less all estimated costs of completion and estimated
     costs necessary to make the sale.

     Impairment of non-financial assets

     At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible
     and intangible assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have
     suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the
     asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Where it
     is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Group
     estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
     Where a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be identified, corporate assets are
     also allocated to individual cash-generating units, or otherwise they are allocated to the
     smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation
     basis can be identified.

     Taxation

     Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

     Current tax

     The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from
     net income before tax as reported in the Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss because
     it excludes items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and it
     further excludes items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current
     tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end
     of the reporting period.

     Deferred tax

     Deferred tax is recognized on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets
     and liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position and the corresponding tax
     bases. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable temporary differences
     and deferred tax assets are generally recognized for all deductible temporary differences to
     the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those
     deductible temporary differences can be utilized. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are
     not recognized if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of other assets
     and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor net income before
     tax.




                                                                                                 21
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences associated with
     investments in subsidiaries, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the
     temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the
     foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences
     associated with such investments and interests are only recognized to the extent that it is
     probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilize the benefits of
     the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

     The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced
     to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to
     allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply
     in the period in which the liability is settled or the asset is realized, based on tax rates
     (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting
     period. The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences
     that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting
     period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

     Deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are offset and reported net on
     the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position if:

     •     The Group has a legally enforceable right to set off current income tax assets against
           current income tax liabilities; and
     •     Deferred income tax assets and the deferred income tax liabilities relate to income
           taxes levied by the same taxation authority on the same taxable entity.

     Current and deferred tax are recognized in profit or loss, except when they relate to items
     that are recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the
     current and deferred tax are also recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in
     equity, respectively.

     Provision for Uncertain Tax Positions

     The Group records a provision for uncertain tax positions if it is probable that the Group will
     have to make a payment to tax authorities upon their examination of a tax position. This
     provision is measured at the Group’s best estimate of the amount expected to be paid.
     Provisions are reversed to income in provision for (recovery of) income taxes in the period in
     which management determines they are no longer required or as determined by statute.

     Taxes Other than Taxes on Income

     The Republic of Kazakhstan and Türkiye also have various other taxes that are not taxes on
     income, which are assessed on the Group’s activities. These taxes are included as a
     component of cost of goods and services or general & administrative expenses in the
     Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss.




                                                                                                    22
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     Provisions

     Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a
     result of past events, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle the obligation
     and a reliable estimate can be made of the obligation.

     The amount recognized as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to
     settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks
     and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash
     flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of
     those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is material).

     When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be
     recovered from a third party, a receivable is recognized as an asset if it is virtually certain
     that reimbursement will be received and the amount of the receivable can be measured
     reliably. The expense relating to a provision is presented in the Consolidated Statements of
     Profit or Loss net of any reimbursement.

     Share-based compensation

     Equity-settled share-based payments (such as “share options”) are measured at the fair
     value of the equity instruments at the grant date. The fair value excludes the effect of non-
     market-based vesting conditions.

     The fair value determined at the grant date of the equity-settled share-based payments is
     expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of
     the number of equity instruments that will eventually vest. At each reporting date, the
     Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest as a result
     of the effect of non-market-based vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the
     original estimates, if any, is recognized in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense
     reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to reserves. Options are
     forfeited if the employee leaves the Group before the options vest and no additional
     expense will be recognised.

     The Group applies the graded vesting method on granted share options that vest in
     instalments over the vesting period. Each installment is separately measured and attributed
     to expense over the vesting period.

     Contingencies

     Contingent liabilities are not recognized in the consolidated statements of the financial
     position but are disclosed unless the possibility of any outflow in settlement is remote. A
     contingent asset is not recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position but
     disclosed when an inflow of economic benefits is probable.

     Financial instruments

     The Group recognizes financial assets and liabilities on its Consolidated Statements of
     Financial Position when it becomes a party to the contractual obligation of the instrument.
     Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets and liabilities are recognized using
     settlement date accounting.
                                                                                                   23
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs
     that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial
     liabilities (other than financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
     loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial
     liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the
     acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are
     recognized immediately in profit or loss.

     Financial assets

     All recognized financial assets that are within the scope of IFRS 9 are required to be
     measured subsequently at amortized cost or fair value on the basis of the entity’s business
     model for managing the financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the
     financial assets.

     Under IFRS 9, all debt financial assets that do not meet a “solely payment of principal and
     interest” (“SPPI”) criterion, are classified at initial recognition as fair value through profit or
     loss (“FVTPL”). Under this criterion, debt instruments that do not correspond to a “basic
     lending arrangement”, are measured at FVTPL. For debt financial assets that meet the SPPI
     criterion, classification at initial recognition is determined based on the business model
     under which these instruments are managed:

     •     Financial assets, other than equity investments, that are managed on a “hold to collect”
           basis are measured at amortized cost;
     •     Financial assets, other than equity investments, that are managed on a “hold to collect
           and for sale” basis are measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
           (“FVTOCI”);
     •     Financial assets, including equity investments, that are managed on another basis,
           including trading financial assets, will be measured at FVTPL.

     Equity financial assets are required to be classified at initial recognition as FVTPL unless an
     irrevocable designation is made to classify an instrument as FVTOCI. For equity investments
     classified as FVTOCI, all realised and unrealised gains and losses, except for dividend
     income, are recognized in other comprehensive income with no subsequent reclassification
     to profit or loss.

     Financial assets, other than equity investments, that are measured subsequently at
     amortized cost or at FVTOCI are subject to impairment.

     After initial measurement, amortized cost financial assets are measured using the effective
     interest rate method, less any impairment losses. The fair value of FVTPL and FVTOCI
     financial assets is determined under IFRS 13 “Fair Value Measurement” (“IFRS 13”). The fair
     value gains or losses for FVTPL are recognized in the statements of profit or loss and for
     FVTOCI are recognized in the other comprehensive income, until these instruments are
     disposed.

     Equity investments that do not have a quoted market price in an active market and whose
     fair value cannot be reliably measured are measured at cost less any identified impairment
     losses at the end of each reporting period. These instruments are accounted for at fair value
     under IFRS 9. The Group has designated these investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI
     as the Group plans to hold them in the long term for strategic reasons.
                                                                                                      24
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     The Group enters into a variety of derivative financial instruments to manage its exposure to
     interest rate and foreign exchange rate risk, including foreign exchange forward contracts,
     interest rate swaps and cross currency swaps. All derivative financial instruments are
     classified as held for trading and measured at fair value through profit or loss and are not
     designated for hedge accounting.

     Expected credit loss (“ECL”) measurement – definitions

     ECL is a probability-weighted measurement of the present value of future cash shortfalls
     (i.e., the weighted average of credit losses, with the respective risks of default occurring in a
     given time period used as weights). An ECL measurement is unbiased and should be
     determined by evaluating a range of possible outcomes.

     An ECL measurement of allowance for impairment losses is based on four components used
     by the Group:

     •     Exposure at Default (“EAD”) – an estimate of exposure at a future default date, taking
           into account expected changes in exposure after the reporting date, including
           repayments of principal and interest, and expected drawdowns on committed facilities.
     •     Probability of Default (“PD”) – an estimate of the likelihood of default to occur over a
           given time period.
     •     Loss Given Default (“LGD”) – an estimate of a loss arising on default. It is based on the
           difference between contractual cash flows due and those that the lender would expect
           to receive, including from any collateral. It usually expressed as a percentage of EAD.
     •     Discount Rate – a tool to discount an expected loss from the present value at the
           reporting date. The discount rate represents the effective interest rate (“EIR”) for the
           financial instrument or an approximation thereof.

     Default and credit-impaired assets

     The financial asset is considered to be in default, or credit impaired, when it meets one or
     more of the following criteria:

     For loans to customers:

     •     The borrower is more than 90 days past due on its contractual payments;
     •     The bank has sold part of borrower’s debt with losses;
     •     The loan had experienced a forced restructuring due to a deterioration in borrower
           creditworthiness;
     •     The borrower is deceased (retail loans);
     •     The borrower’s debt was partially or fully written off due to a deterioration in the
           borrower’s financial condition.

     For other financial assets, debt securities and due from banks:

     •     The counterparty or issuer rated at C or less per global rating agencies;
     •     The counterparty or issuer is more than 30 days past due;
     •     The counterparty or issuer has significant deterioration of operating results.




                                                                                                    25
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     Significant increase in credit risk (“SICR”)

     The SICR assessment is performed on an individual basis and on a portfolio basis. SICR for
     individually significant loans is assessed on an individual basis by monitoring the triggers
     stated below. The criteria used to identify a SICR are monitored and reviewed periodically
     for appropriateness by the Group’s risk department.

     The Group considers a financial instrument to have experienced a SICR when one or more
     of the following quantitative, qualitative or subsidiary criteria have been met:
     For loans to customers:

     •     Increase in lifetime probability of default over defined thresholds;
     •     The number of days past due is more than 30 but less than 90;
     •     External factors affect the solvency of individual groups of individuals (such as natural
           disasters, closure of the city-forming enterprise in the region, etc.).

     For other financial assets, debt securities and due from banks:

     •     Deterioration of the counterparty’s or issuer’s rating by 4 notches;
     •     Deterioration of the counterparty’s or issuer’s rating up to CCC+ as per global rating
           agencies;
     •     Deterioration of operating results of the counterparty or issuer.

     ECL measurement – description of estimation techniques

     General principle

     For financial assets that are not purchased or originated credit impaired (“POCI”) assets,
     ECLs are generally measured based on the risk of default over one of two different time
     periods, depending on whether the borrower’s credit risk has increased significantly in a
     three-stage model for ECL measurement:

     Stage 1: a group of financial instruments for which no significant increase in the credit risk
     level has been recorded since initial recognition and provisions for this group are created as
     12-month ECL, and interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the
     financial asset.

     Stage 2: a group of financial instruments for which a significant increase in the credit risk
     level has been recorded since the initial recognition and provisions for which equal ECL for
     the instrument’s lifetime, and interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying
     amount of the financial asset.

     Stage 3: a group of credit-impaired financial instruments, for which provisions equal the ECL
     amount for the instrument’s lifetime, and interest income is accrued based on the carrying
     amount of the asset, net of the loss allowance.

     ECL for POCI financial assets is always measured on a lifetime basis (Stage 3), and at the
     reporting date, the Group only recognizes the cumulative changes in lifetime expected credit
     losses since initial recognition.

     The Group performs individual assessments for credit-impaired loans.
                                                                                                     26
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     The Group performs assessments on a portfolio basis for retail loans and loans issued to
     small and medium entities (“SMEs”). This approach incorporates aggregating the portfolio
     into homogeneous segments based on borrower-specific information, such as delinquency,
     historical data on losses and forward-looking macroeconomic information.

     Macroeconomic overlay and macroeconomic scenarios

     The Group incorporates forward looking information in its impairment calculations via
     macroeconomic models, which leads to a direct adjustment of default probabilities. To
     develop a future realization of these macroeconomic parameters, the Group uses three
     scenarios - a base scenario, an optimistic scenario and a pessimistic scenario. The latter two
     scenarios are assigned weights of 18% and 29% (31 December 2024: 18% and 29%). The
     base scenario is assigned a weights of 53% (31 December 2024: 53%). For each scenario a
     set of values for the relevant macroeconomic variables is used as an input for the
     macroeconomic model, which subsequently is applied to adjust the relevant input
     parameter.

     The List of Macroeconomic Indicators

     •     Change of nominal exchange rate USD/KZT;
     •     Change of base rate KZT.

     ECL measurement – description of estimation techniques

     Principles of individual assessment – ECL assessments on an individual basis are done by
     weighting the estimates of credit losses for different possible outcomes against the
     probabilities of each outcome. The Group defines three possible outcomes for each loan.

     Principles of portfolio assessments – to assess the staging of exposure and to measure a
     loss allowance on a collective basis, the Group combines its exposures into segments on the
     basis of shared credit risk characteristics, so that exposure to risk within a group are
     homogeneous.

     Examples of shared characteristics include product type and the amount of loan.

     Two types of PDs are used to calculate ECLs: 12-month and lifetime PD:

     •     12-month PDs – the estimated probability of a default occurring within the next
           12 months (or over the remaining life of a financial instrument if less than 12 months).
           This parameter is used to calculate 12-month ECLs. An assessment of a 12-month PD is
           based on the latest available historical default data and adjusted for forward-looking
           information;
     •     Lifetime PDs – the estimated probability of a default occurring over the remaining life of
           a financial instrument. This parameter is used to calculate lifetime ECLs. An assessment
           of a lifetime PD is based on the latest available historical default data and adjusted for
           forward looking information.




                                                                                                  27
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     To calculate lifetime PD, the Group uses different statistical approaches depending on the
     segment and product type, such as the extrapolation of 12-month PDs based on migration
     matrixes, developing lifetime PD curves based on the historical default data, and hazard rate
     approach.

     LGD represents the Group’s expectation of the extent of loss on a defaulted exposure and
     assessed on a collective basis based on the latest available recovery statistics.

     For unsecured loans, the Group calculates LGD based on historical NPL collection statistics.
     For loans secured by cars, real estate, cash and liquid securities, the Group calculates LGD
     based on specific collateral characteristics, such as projected collateral values and historical
     sales discounts.

     Modification of loans to customers

     The Group modifies loans to customers in temporary financial difficulty in order to allow a
     borrower to recover solvency. Modification of loans is provided in the form of short-term
     revision of loan terms and may include the reduction of interest rate, reduction of monthly
     payment amount, extension of the loan term, or a combination of these measures that do
     not lead to derecognition of the financial asset. After the recovery period, pre-modification
     contractual terms are to be applied. The recovery period is agreed in the modification terms,
     but in most cases is set for 6 months.

     Modification of loan is provided only once and to the borrowers with overdue less than
     90 days on a modification date, where sufficient grounds exist to support its recoverability.
     During the recovery period, such modified loans are classified to Stage 3, with
     corresponding increase in loss allowance. After the recovery period, such modified loans are
     allocated to the relevant impairment category, based on its days past due and impairment
     methodology.

     Restructuring of loans to customers

     The Group restructures loans of defaulted borrowers by providing an interest free extended
     schedule. The new loan schedule has an annuity structure with no grace period. Loans that
     were restructured after derecognition are deemed to be POCI (purchased or originated
     credit impaired). The difference recognized as a derecognition gain or loss, to the extent
     that an impairment loss has not already been recorded. The Group continues to recognize
     restructured impaired loans at Stage 3 for at least 1 year, in case if loan was not
     derecognized otherwise and classified as POCI.

     Derecognition of financial assets

     The Group derecognizes a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows
     from the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks
     and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity. On derecognition of a financial
     asset in its entirety, the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the
     consideration received and the cumulative gain or loss that had been recognized in other
     comprehensive income and accumulated in equity is recognized in profit or loss as provision
     expense. On derecognition of a financial asset other than in its entirety, the Group allocates
     the previous carrying amount of the financial asset between the part it continues to
     recognize under continuing involvement, and the part it no longer recognizes on the basis of
     the relative fair values of those parts on the date of the transfer.
                                                                                                    28
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     Financial liabilities

     Financial liabilities, such as due to banks, customer accounts, debt securities issued,
     subordinated debt, trade liabilities and other financial liabilities are initially recognized at fair
     value. Subsequently amounts due are stated at amortized cost and any difference between
     carrying and redemption value is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss
     over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method as a component of
     interest expense.

     Derecognition of financial liabilities

     The Group derecognizes financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
     discharged, cancelled, or expired. Where an existing financial liability is replaced by another
     from the same counterparty on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing
     liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a de-
     recognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability, and the difference
     between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognized and the consideration
     paid is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss.

     Recognition of interest income and expense

     Financial assets include products such as consumer loans, merchant financing, BNPL and car
     financing, securities and deposits placed with banks. Interest income from a financial asset
     is recognized when it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Group and the
     amount of income can be measured reliably.

     Interest income and expense are recognized on an accrual basis using the effective interest
     method. The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortized cost of a
     financial asset or a financial liability (or group of financial assets or financial liabilities) and of
     allocating the interest income or interest expense over the relevant period.

     The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments
     or receipts (including all fees paid or received that form an integral part of the effective
     interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life
     of the financial instrument or, (where appropriate) a shorter period to the gross carrying
     amount.

     Interest earned on assets at fair value is classified within interest income.

     All other fees and commissions are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 15.

     Revenue recognition

     Net fee revenue of the Group is comprised of fee revenue from each of our segments,
     which is accounted for in accordance with IFRS 15, net of rewards. IFRS 15 requires the
     application of a “five steps” process to determine the appropriate manner and timing for
     revenue recognition. The following accounting policies describe each of these steps for our
     material sources of revenue.




                                                                                                         29
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     Payments fee revenue includes transaction revenue (from both merchants and retail
     customers) and membership revenue.

     •     Transaction revenue:

     -     Transaction revenue from merchants, as our customers, is generated pursuant to for
           payments processing service agreements. The Group’s performance obligation is to
           process payments made to or by merchants and the transaction price is determined as
           a percentage of the value of goods or services being sold by merchants and/or
           otherwise transacted by consumers and therefore processed through Kaspi.kz. The
           incentives in form of bonus (rewards) are accounted as variable consideration payable
           and decrease the transaction price. Allocation of the transaction price is based on the
           relative standalone selling prices and transactions underlying each performance
           obligation. Revenue is recognized at point in time when a transaction is processed. The
           Group has determined that it is a principal to payments processing services for
           merchants that use the Kaspi Payments platform, as it is primarily responsible for
           fulfilling the contractual terms because it is primarily responsible for the quality of the
           payment processing services and directly deals with the retail customer and merchant.
           In addition, the Group has discretion in establishing the price that it charges to
           merchants for the specified services. Therefore, the Group recognizes revenue of the
           gross amount of agreed consideration to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for
           the services transferred. Transaction fees from merchants are earned for processing
           payment services such as bill payments for regular household needs, QR code
           payments for purchases both online and in-store, B2B (business to business) and
           processing of our debit cards and third-party issued cards through the Kaspi Payments
           platform.

     -     Transaction revenue from retail customers, as our customers, is generated pursuant to
           debit payment card service agreements. The Group’s performance obligation is to
           process payments initiated by retail customers. The transaction price is determined as a
           percentage of the payment amount and is allocated to each performance obligation
           (transaction processing) on a standalone basis. Revenue is recognized at point in time
           when a transaction is processed. The Group is the principal for payment processing
           services relating to retail customers’ (debit card holders) use of the Kaspi Payments
           platform. As a result, revenue is recognized on a gross basis, as the Group is primarily
           responsible for fulfilling the payment processing on its own payments platform and has
           discretion in establishing the selling price of the payment processing service to the
           retail customer, irrespective of the costs the Group incur in instances where the Group
           may utilize other payment intermediaries. Transaction fees from customers using Kaspi
           Payments platform are earned for processing payment services such as debit card
           transactions and P2P payments to other banks’ cards. When using third-party payments
           platforms or networks (e.g., Visa/Mastercard), the Group is an agent for the payment
           processing services to retail customers (debit card holders) and, therefore, revenue is
           recognized on a net basis, as the Group is not primarily responsible for fulfilling the
           payment processing on third parties’ payments platforms/networks and has no
           discretion in establishing the selling price of the payment processing service to the
           retail customer on third party payment platforms/networks. Transaction fees from
           customers using third-party payments platform are earned for processing debit card
           transactions.



                                                                                                   30
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     •     Membership revenue is generated from annual and monthly fees earned during the
           period. Membership fee revenue is deferred and recognized over the terms of the
           applicable memberships on a straight-line basis. Membership fees are paid on a
           monthly basis or paid up front at the beginning of the applicable membership period by
           retail customers and merchants for accessing various Kaspi.kz services. Memberships
           are cancellable and non-refundable.

     Marketplace fee revenue includes seller fees paid by merchants from our “3P” marketplace
     business, including Hepsiburada marketplace, Kaspi Travel, advertising and delivery
     transactions originated during both online and in store shopping. It also includes revenue
     from Kolesa Group, largest car and real estate classifieds platform in Kazakhstan,
     Autoelon.uz — car marketplace and member of the Kolesa Group in Uzbekistan and Digital
     Classifieds LLC mobile classified app in Azerbaijan.

     •     “3P” Marketplace business fee revenue is generated through merchants, our customer
           in this case, selling their products and services directly to retail consumers through
           Kaspi.kz Super App and Hepsiburada marketplace pursuant to contracts with the
           Group. The facilitation of transfer of products and services through the Kaspi.kz Super
           App and Hepsiburada marketplace from the merchant to the retail consumer is
           considered a performance obligation of the Group and the transaction price is generally
           determined as a percentage of the value of goods or services being sold by the
           merchant to the retail consumer. The incentives in form of bonus (rewards) are
           accounted as variable consideration payable and decrease the transaction price.
           Transaction price for delivery revenue is determined in accordance with the applicable
           delivery tariffs. Allocation of the transaction price is based on the relative standalone
           selling price of the transaction service underlying each performance obligation. The
           Group recognizes revenue from the merchant when the retail customer obtains control
           over the merchant’s products or services. The Group is an agent in the transaction
           between a merchant and a retail consumer, as the Group does not obtain control over
           the specified good or service before it is transferred to the retail consumer, does not
           have discretion in establishing the prices for the specified good or service and is not
           primarily responsible for fulfilling the obligation to provide the specified good or service.
           Revenue is recognized on a net basis at point in time when the retail customer obtains
           control over the merchant’s products or services. The Group is a principal for delivery
           revenue, as it is primarily responsible for fulfilling the performance obligations and has
           discretion in establishing the tariffs.




                                                                                                     31
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     Fintech fee revenue:

     •     Banking service fees are the main part of Fintech fee revenue and are recognized under
           banking service agreements with retail customers, our customers in this case. The
           Group’s performance obligations under these agreements are to provide additional
           cancellable banking services, that fall beyond standard services. These services include:
           access to a wide network of Kaspi ATMs with cash withdrawals free of charge with
           higher limits than general free cash withdrawal limits; 24-hour service line support for
           borrowers, transfers of loan amounts between Kaspi customers’ accounts and ability to
           use these funds for bill payments, transfers and other transactions via mobile
           application; SMS and mobile push notification/reminder services related to loans;
           issuance of loan statements/certificates free of charge via mobile application, and other
           services. The transaction price is determined as a fixed, monthly fee for access to these
           services and is allocated on a single performance obligation basis over the period of the
           banking service agreements. The Group is a principal under these agreements, as it is
           primarily responsible for fulfilling the performance obligations and has discretion in
           establishing the prices for services. As a result, the revenue is recognized on a gross
           basis over the period in which the services are provided, typically monthly.

     Retail revenue includes revenue from the sale of consumer goods on Hepsiburada
     marketplace, revenue from e-Grocery transactions for the sale of products and related
     delivery fees, and revenue from e-cars transactions for the sale of cars. Retail revenue is
     generated by selling products directly to buyers via Kaspi.kz Super App and Hepsiburada
     marketplace, and by selling cars via Kolesa App. Revenue is initially measured at the amount
     of consideration to which the entity expect to be entitled for goods purchased and is
     recognized at a point in time upon delivery when control of the goods has transferred to the
     customer, reduced by the estimates for return allowances, promotional discounts and
     rebates. The Group is the principal in a transaction with an end consumer and earns
     revenue on a gross basis.

     Rewards are designed to change customer behavior and promote daily use of our Super
     App and ensure growth in customer engagement across all our platforms. Retail customers
     of the Group earn and accumulate bonuses (rewards) for purchases/transactions made with
     merchants that are also customers of the Group. Retail customers can then use bonuses
     earned for future purchases/transactions. Liabilities to pay bonuses are accrued on a
     transactional basis as a percentage from the transaction price of products sold or services
     provided and are accounted in Other liabilities (Note 22). Kaspi rewards do not have an
     expiration and are accounted as 1 bonus = 1 KZT, Hepsiburada rewards have variable
     expiration and are accounted 1 bonus = 1 TRY. Bonuses are accounted as variable
     consideration paid to customers and do not give rise to a future material right. In
     accordance with IFRS 15 “Revenue from contracts with customers” these bonuses are
     presented as a deduction from revenue. For segment reporting purposes we continue to
     account for rewards as selling and marketing expenses and allocate accordingly.

     Share capital and share premium

     Contributions to share capital are recognized at cost. Non-cash contributions are not
     included into the share capital until realized in cash.

     Costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares, other than on a business combination,
     are deducted from equity net of any related income taxes.
                                                                                                 32
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     Treasury shares repurchased from shareholders are recognized at cost of acquisition. When
     such repurchased treasury shares are further sold, any difference between their selling price
     and the cost of acquisition is charged to share capital (if positive) or to retained earnings
     (if negative). Where repurchased treasury shares are retired, the carrying value thereof is
     reduced by the amount paid by the Group at repurchase thereof, with the share capital
     respectively reduced by the par value of such retired shares restated, where applicable, for
     inflation, and the resulting difference is charged to retained earnings.

     Dividends on common shares are recognized in equity as a reduction in the period in which
     they are declared.

     Equity reserves

     The reserves recorded in equity (other comprehensive income) on the Group’s Consolidated
     Statements of Financial Position include revaluation reserve of financial assets and other
     reserves, which comprise changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTOCI and allowance
     for impairment losses for debt instruments measured at FVTOCI, and foreign currency
     translation reserve, which is used to record exchange differences arising from the translation
     of the net investment in foreign operation.

     Retirement and other benefit obligations

     In accordance with the requirements of the Republic of Kazakhstan and Türkiye in which the
     Group operates, certain percentages of pension payments are withheld from total
     disbursements to employee to be transferred to pension fund, such that a portion of salary
     expense is withheld from the employee and instead paid to a pension fund on behalf of the
     employee. This expense is charged to the Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss in the
     period in which the related salaries are earned. Upon retirement, all retirement benefit
     payments are made by the pension fund. The Group does not have any pension
     arrangements separate from the pension system of the Republic of Kazakhstan. In addition,
     the Group has no post-retirement benefits or other significant compensated benefits
     requiring accrual.

     Areas of significant management judgment and sources of estimation
     uncertainty

     The preparation of the Group’s consolidated financial statements requires management to
     make estimates, judgments and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and
     liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated
     assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be
     relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to
     accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised if the
     revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the
     revision affects both current and future periods.




                                                                                                 33
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     Critical judgments in applying accounting policies

     The critical judgments, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that the Group
     management has made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that
     have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in the consolidated financial
     statements. Significant judgments have been made in the business model assessment,
     significant increase in credit risk, models and assumptions used which are discussed in
     Note 3 below.

     Key sources of estimation uncertainty

     The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of
     estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of
     causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the
     next financial year.

     Assessment of significant increase of credit risk

     As explained in Note 3, ECL are measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL for Stage
     1 assets, or lifetime ECL assets for Stage 2 or Stage 3 assets. An asset moves to Stage 2
     when its credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition. IFRS 9 does not
     define what constitutes a significant increase in credit risk. In assessing whether the credit
     risk of an asset has significantly increased the Group takes into account qualitative and
     quantitative, reasonable and supportable, forward looking information.

     Incorporation of forward looking information

     When measuring ECL, the Group uses reasonable and supportable forward looking
     information, which is based on assumptions for the future movement of different economic
     drivers and how these drivers will affect credit risk. Refer to Note 30 for more details,
     including analysis of the sensitivity of the reported ECL to changes in estimated forward
     looking information.

     Models and assumptions used

     The Group uses various models and assumptions in measuring fair value of financial assets
     as well as in estimating ECL. Judgement is applied in identifying the most appropriate model
     for each type of asset, as well as for determining the assumptions used in these models,
     including assumptions that relate to key drivers of credit risk. See Note 30 for more details
     on ECL and Note 28 for more details on fair value measurement.

     Fair value measurement and valuation process

     In estimating the fair value of a financial asset or a liability, the Group uses market-
     observable data to the extent it is available and classifying such financial assets as Level 1
     or Level 2 instruments. Where such inputs are not available, the Group uses valuation
     models to determine the fair value of its financial instruments with respective classification
     of such financial assets as Level 3 instruments. Refer to Note 28 for more details on fair
     value measurement.



                                                                                                  34
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     The Group considers that the accounting estimate related to valuation of financial
     instruments where quoted markets prices are not available is a key source of estimation
     uncertainty because: (i) it is highly susceptible to change from period to period because it
     requires management to make assumptions about interest rates, volatility, exchange rates,
     the credit rating of the counterparty, valuation adjustments and specific feature of the
     transactions and (ii) the impact that recognizing a change in the valuations would have on
     the assets reported on its Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as well as its profit
     or loss could be material.

     Had the management used different assumptions regarding the interest rates, volatility,
     exchange rates, the credit rating of the counterparty and valuation adjustments, a larger or
     smaller change in the valuation of financial instruments where quoted market prices are not
     available, would have resulted that could have had a material impact on the Group’s
     reported net income.

     Adoption of new and revised Standards

     New and revised IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB that are
     effective for the current year

     The following amendments and interpretations are effective for the Group beginning
     1 January 2025:

     Amendments to IAS 21- Lack of Exchangeability                                       1 January 2025
     Amendments to the SASB standards to enhance their international
      applicability                                                                      1 January 2025

     The above standards and interpretations were reviewed by the Group's management and
     determined to not have a significant effect on these consolidated financial statements of the
     Group.

     New and revised IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB in issue but
     not yet effective

     At the date of authorization of these consolidated financial statements, the Group has not
     applied the following new and revised IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB that
     have been issued but are not yet effective:

                                                                            Applicable to annual reporting
     New or revised standard or interpretation                               periods beginning on or after
     Amendments IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 regarding the classification and
       measurement of financial instruments                                               1 January 2026
     Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards — Volume 11                         1 January 2026
     IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosures in Financial Statements                         1 January 2027
     IFRS 19 Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures                      1 January 2027

     The management does not expect that the adoption of the Standards listed above to have a
     material impact on these consolidated financial statements of the Group in future periods.




                                                                                                      35
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

4.   Revenue

     Revenue includes fee revenue, interest revenue, retail revenue, rewards and other gains/
     (losses). Rewards earned by retail customers of the Group are deducted from revenue.

                                                              2023           2024           2025
     REVENUE                                            1,913,490      2,532,156      4,046,074
     Fee revenue                                          1,027,545      1,329,350      1,654,238
     Interest revenue                                       833,516      1,082,668      1,579,346
     Retail revenue                                          68,807        163,134        850,127
     Rewards                                                (39,578)       (54,225)       (55,887)
     Other gains                                             23,200         11,229         18,250

     Revenue by segments for the years ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025 is presented
     below:

                                                              2023           2024           2025
     Payments                                             478,684        587,097        658,726
     Payments fee revenue                                   368,925       458,953        510,763
     Interest revenue                                       109,759       128,144        147,963
     Marketplace                                          448,223        732,943      1,931,472
     Marketplace fee revenue                                375,189       562,283        974,269
     Retail revenue                                          68,807       163,134        850,127
     Interest revenue                                             -         6,304         69,886
     Other gains                                              4,227         1,222         37,190
     Fintech                                             1,026,721      1,281,827     1,542,934
     Interest revenue                                       723,757       955,528       1,383,465
     Fintech fee revenue                                    283,991       316,292         178,409
     Other (losses)/gains                                    18,973        10,007         (18,940)
     Intergroup                                                (560)       (15,486)       (31,171)
     Segment Revenue                                     1,953,068      2,586,381     4,101,961
     Rewards                                                (39,578)       (54,225)       (55,887)
     REVENUE                                             1,913,490      2,532,156     4,046,074

     Intergroup includes Marketplace fee revenue that was offset by Marketing expense, for
     activities to attract customers of Fintech car loans. For the year ended 31 December 2024
     and 2025, intergroup includes interest revenue generated by Marketplace and Payments
     platforms due to placement of cash to term deposits in the Bank that is offset by interest
     expenses of Fintech.

     For the years ended 31 December 2025, marketplace revenue attributable to Türkiye,
     include marketplace fee revenue of KZT 302,921 million, retail revenue of
     KZT 638,164 million, interest revenue of KZT 54,269 million and other gains of
     KZT 36,238 million. For the years ended 31 December 2025, rewards attributable to Türkiye
     is KZT 12,763 million.




                                                                                                  36
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     Other gains/(losses) are mainly due to net gains/(losses) on foreign exchange operations
     and financial assets and liabilities. For the years ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025,
     net gain on monetary position were KZT Nil, KZT Nil and KZT 33,313 million, respectively.
     For the years ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025, the net gains/(losses) on foreign
     exchange operations were KZT 10,892 million, KZT (11,983) million and KZT 2,746 million,
     respectively. For the years ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025, the net
     gains/(losses) on financial assets and liabilities were KZT 4,385 million, KZT 21,329 million
     and KZT (27,785) million, respectively.

     Fee revenue and retail revenue are presented by timing of revenue recognition in the table
     below:

                                                              2023            2024          2025
     Goods and services transferred at point in time       786,267      1,151,887      2,281,618
     Payments fee revenue - Transaction Revenue              342,271       426,470       474,775
     Marketplace fee revenue                                 375,189       562,283       956,716
     Retail revenue                                           68,807       163,134       850,127
     Goods and services transferred over time              310,645        348,775       231,950
     Payments fee revenue - Membership Revenue                26,654        32,483        35,988
     Marketplace fee revenue - Membership revenue                  -             -        17,553
     Fintech fee revenue - Membership Revenue                  3,249         3,432         3,109
     Fintech fee revenue - Fintech banking service fees      280,742       312,860       175,300
     TOTAL FEE AND RETAIL REVENUE                         1,096,912     1,500,662      2,513,568

     Interest revenue by type of operation for the years ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and
     2025 is presented below:

                                                               2023           2024         2025
     Interest revenue from loans to customers                623,706        862,405     1,359,389
     Interest revenue from other operations                  209,810        220,263       219,957
     Total interest revenue                                 833,516      1,082,668     1,579,346



5.   Segment Reporting

     The Group reports its business in three operating segments.

     The following tables present the summary of each segments’ revenue and net income:

                                                               2023           2024          2025
      SEGMENT REVENUE                                     1,953,068     2,586,381      4,101,961
      Payments                                               478,684        587,097       658,726
      Marketplace                                            448,223        732,943     1,931,472
      Fintech                                              1,026,721      1,281,827     1,542,934
      Intergroup                                                (560)       (15,486)      (31,171)
      NET INCOME                                            848,770     1,056,834      1,067,707
      Payments                                               308,901       381,607        433,001
      Marketplace                                            247,955       348,400        279,773
      Fintech                                                291,914       326,827        354,933




                                                                                                37
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     Operating segments are identified based on how the Group manages the business on a day-
     to-day basis and the types of products and services provided. Operating segments are
     reported in a manner consistent with internal reports, which are reviewed and used by the
     management board (who are identified as Chief Operating Decision Makers, “CODM”). The
     operating performance measure of each operating segment is revenue and net income.

     Costs and operating expenses that are deducted from revenue, include interest expenses
     and fees (2023: KZT (478,010) million; 2024: KZT (616,116) million; 2025:
     KZT (763,964) million) and provision expenses (2023: KZT (79,634) million; 2024:
     KZT (113,957) million; 2025: KZT (150,798) million), both attributable to Fintech Segment,
     and cost of goods and services (2023: KZT (106,360) million; 2024: KZT (239,383) million;
     2025: KZT (1,106,954) million) attributable to Marketplace Segment.

     Management believes that other segment expenses are not material for analysis of our
     ongoing operations.

     Expenses associated with share-based compensation are recognized across the segments.
     The following table presents the summary of share-based compensation expense by
     segments:

                                                                2023            2024            2025
     SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION                                (20,859)        (16,963)        (15,476)
     Payments                                                  (7,200)         (6,436)         (6,087)
     Marketplace                                               (2,335)         (2,432)         (3,435)
     Fintech                                                  (11,324)         (8,095)         (5,954)


     The following tables present the summary of revenue, net income, and non-current assets
     (excluding financial instruments, goodwill, deferred tax assets and other financial assets) by
     geographical market:

                                                                2023            2024            2025
     SEGMENT REVENUE                                       1,953,068       2,586,381       4,101,961
     Kazakhstan & Other                                     1,953,068       2,586,381       3,070,369
     Türkiye                                                        -               -       1,031,592
     NET INCOME                                              848,770       1,056,834       1,067,707
     Kazakhstan & Other                                      848,770        1,056,834       1,160,725
     Türkiye                                                       -                -         (93,018)

                                                                         31 December     31 December
                                                                                2024            2025
     NON-CURRENT ASSETS                                                      284,909         719,037
     Kazakhstan & Other                                                       284,909         371,170
     Türkiye                                                                        -         347,867

     Our geographic segments are Kazakhstan & Other Countries (including Azerbaijan and
     Ukraine) and Türkiye.

     Revenue attributed to geographic market is based on the selling location. Non-current assets
     are based on the physical location of the assets as of the end of each year.



                                                                                                    38
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

6.   Costs and operating expenses

                                                                 2023            2024           2025

     COSTS AND OPERATING EXPENSES                            (891,486)    (1,249,867)     (2,714,156)
     Interest expenses and fees                               (478,010)      (616,116)       (908,698)
     Transaction expenses                                      (27,470)       (29,494)        (31,603)
     Cost of goods and services                               (166,356)      (303,858)     (1,179,141)
     Technology & product development                          (88,657)      (109,553)       (208,580)
     Sales & marketing                                         (21,891)       (43,990)       (146,231)
     General & administrative expenses                         (29,468)       (32,899)        (78,252)
     Provision expenses (see Note 7)                           (79,634)      (113,957)       (161,651)

     Interest expenses and fees include interest expenses on customer accounts, mandatory
     insurance of retail deposits, fees for early collection of credit card receivables and interest
     expenses on debt securities, including subordinated debt and due to banks.

     Transaction expenses are mainly composed of the costs associated with accepting,
     processing and otherwise enabling payment transactions. Those costs include fees paid to
     payment processors, payment networks and various service providers.

     Cost of goods include the purchase price of consumer products, the subsequent sale of
     which generates Retail revenue, including supplier’s rebates and subsidies, write-downs and
     losses of inventories. Rebates includes consideration received from certain suppliers,
     representing rebates for sold out products or purchased products from supplier for a
     specified period. The Group considers those rebates as a reduction to costs of inventory
     when the amounts are reliably measurable. For the years ended 31 December 2023, 2024,
     and 2025, the cost of goods were KZT 49,922 million, KZT 125,588 million and
     KZT 756,052 million, respectively. Cost of services include costs incurred to operate retail
     network, 24-hour call support and communication with customers, product packaging and
     delivery, and other expenses which can be attributed to the Group’s operating activities
     related to the provision of the products and services.

     Technology & product development consist of staff and contractor costs that are incurred in
     connection with the research and development of new and maintenance of existing products
     and services, development, design, data science and maintenance of our products and
     services, and infrastructure costs. Infrastructure costs include depreciation of servers,
     networking equipment, data center, kartomats, postomats and payment equipment, rent,
     utilities, and other expenses necessary to support our technologies and platforms.
     Collectively, these costs reflect the investments we make in order to offer a wide variety of
     products and services to our customers.

     Sales & marketing consist primarily of online and offline advertising expenses, promotion
     expenses, staff costs and other expenses that are incurred directly to attract or retain
     consumers and merchants. It also includes our charity and sponsorship activities.

     General & administrative expenses consist primarily of costs incurred to provide support to
     our business, including legal, human resources, finance, risk, compliance, executive,
     professional services fees, office facilities and other support functions.




                                                                                                       39
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

        For the year ended 31 December 2025, costs and operating expenses attributable to
        Türkiye, include interest expenses and fees of KZT 144,734 million, cost of goods and
        services of KZT 767,466 million, technology & product development of
        KZT 62,324 million, sales & marketing of KZT 84,240 million, general & administrative
        expenses of KZT 38,551 million.

        Interest expenses and fees by type of operation for the years ended 31 December 2023,
        2024, and 2025 is presented below:

                                                                                        2023              2024                  2025
        Interest expenses
        Interest expense attributable to financing of loans to customers              (292,649)        (412,666)             (539,765)
        Interest expense from other operations                                        (185,361)        (203,450)             (286,084)
        Total interest expenses                                                  (478,010)            (616,116)             (825,849)
        Fees for early collection of credit card receivables                            -                    -                (82,849)
        Total interest expenses and fees                                         (478,010)            (616,116)             (908,698)


        Employee benefits, depreciation and amortization expenses and operating lease expenses
        are presented as follows:

                                             2023                         2024                         2025
                               Deprecia-                    Deprecia-                    Deprecia-
                                  tion &                       tion &                       tion &
                     Employee amortiza- Operating Employee amortiza- Operating Employee amortiza- Operating
                      benefits       tion   lease  benefits       tion   lease  benefits       tion   lease
Cost of goods and
 services                (23,522)         (237)      (1,268)   (29,114)          -        (1,319)   (79,644)           -       (1,553)
Technology &
 product
 development             (43,344)     (21,727)       (3,899)   (54,887)    (24,769)       (5,714)   (87,330)     (66,919)      (9,708)
Sales & marketing         (2,024)           -          (144)    (2,947)          -          (163)    (6,939)           -         (303)
General &
 administrative
 expenses                (17,436)       (3,590)        (471)   (17,574)     (4,065)         (975)   (38,623)     (11,333)      (3,168)
Total                   (86,326)     (25,554)       (5,782) (104,522)      (28,834)      (8,171) (212,536)     (78,252)      (14,732)


        Expenses associated with share-based compensation are recognized across the functions in
        which the compensation recipients are employed.

        The following table sets forth an analysis of share-based compensation expense by function
        for the periods indicated:

                                                                                         2023             2024                2025
        SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION                                                      (20,859)         (16,963)             (15,476)
        Cost of goods and services                                                      (1,747)          (1,342)              (1,093)
        Technology & product development                                               (10,410)         (10,070)             (10,658)
        Sales & marketing                                                                 (686)            (542)                (516)
        General & administrative expenses                                               (8,016)          (5,009)              (3,209)




                                                                                                                                  40
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

   7.    Provision expense

     The movements in loss allowance were as follows:
                                                                                                                          Cash and
                                                                              Due from                                         cash      Other    Contin-
                                            Loans to customers                   banks       Financial assets at FVTOCI equivalents     assets    gencies      Total
                                     Stage 1    Stage 2    Stage 3     POCI    Stage 1   Stage 1    Stage 2      Stage 3   Stage 1     Stage 3    Stage 1
     Loss allowance
      as at 31 December2022          67,604     11,785     135,313       -          6        82         656           -         3      7,794          39    223,282
     Changes in provisions
     -Transfer to Stage 1             15,923    (1,448)     (14,475)     -          -          -          -          -           -          -          -            -
     -Transfer to Stage 2            (10,396)   16,184       (5,788)     -          -         (1)         1          -           -          -          -            -
     -Transfer to Stage 3            (25,126)   (5,745)      30,871      -          -          -       (530)       530           -          -          -            -
     Net changes, resulting from
      changes in credit risk
      parameters                     (25,885)    (2,531)    61,320     261          -          5         31        606          20      2,060         (4)     35,883
     New assets issued                75,077          -           -      -          -         28          -           -          -          -          -      75,105
     Repaid assets (except for
      write off)                     (37,258)    (1,955)    (12,662)     -          -          -          -           -          -          -          -     (51,875)
     Modification effect                   -          -      20,521      -          -          -          -           -          -          -          -      20,521
     Total effect on Consolidated
      Statements of Profit or Loss   11,934      (4,486)     69,179    261          -         33         31        606          20      2,060         (4)     79,634
     Write-off, net of recoveries         -           -     (49,055)     -          -          -          -           -          -     (4,214)         -     (53,269)
     Foreign exchange difference           -          -          (3)     -          -          -          -           -          -          -          -          (3)
     As at 31 December 2023          59,939     16,290     166,042     261          6       114         158      1,136         23      5,640          35    249,644

     Net changes, resulting from changes in credit risk parameters include decrease of provisions due to partial repayment of loans.

     As at 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025, the allowance for impairment losses on financial assets at FVTOCI of KZT 1,408 million, KZT 1,178 million and
     KZT 816 million, respectively, is included in the ‘Revaluation reserve/(deficit) of financial assets and other reserves’ within equity.

     Reclassification of financial assets from financial assets carried at FVTOCI to other assets relates to the bonds, which have matured, but not repaid as at
     31 December 2022.




                                                                                                                                                                   41
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

                                                                                                                           Cash and
                                                                               Due from                                         cash     Other   Contin-
                                         Loans to customers                      banks        Financial assets at FVTOCI equivalents    assets   gencies      Total
                                     Stage 1    Stage 2   Stage 3       POCI    Stage 1   Stage 1    Stage 2      Stage 3   Stage 1    Stage 3   Stage 1
     Loss allowance
      as at 31 December 2023         59,939     16,290     166,042      261         6       114         158       1,136         23     5,640        35     249,644
     Changes in provisions
     -Transfer to Stage 1             27,424    (3,919)     (23,505)       -         -         -           -          -           -         -         -           -
     -Transfer to Stage 2            (11,051)   20,608       (9,557)       -         -         -           -          -           -         -         -           -
     -Transfer to Stage 3            (25,149)   (7,250)      32,399        -         -         -           -          -           -         -         -           -
     Net changes, resulting from
      changes in credit risk
      parameters                     (27,598)    (1,896)    65,061     1,924        1       195          (18)      (549)         19     3,909       (35)    41,013
     New assets issued                86,095          -          -         -        -       142            -          -           -         -         -     86,237
     Repaid assets (except for
      write off)                     (32,139)    (1,455)    (13,333)       -         -         -           -          -           -         -         -     (46,927)
     Modification effect                   -          -      33,634        -         -         -           -          -           -         -         -      33,634
     Total effect on Consolidated
      Statements of Profit or Loss   26,358      (3,351)     85,362    1,924        1       337          (18)      (549)         19     3,909       (35)   113,957
     Write-off, net of recoveries         -           -     (56,973)       -        -         -            -          -                  (979)        -    (57,952)
     Foreign exchange difference          -           -          (9)       -        -         -            -          -           -         -         -         (9)
     As at 31 December 2024          77,521     22,378     193,759     2,185        7       451         140        587          42     8,570          -    305,640




                                                                                                                                                                 42
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

                                                                                                                           Cash and
                                                                               Due from                                         cash     Other   Contin-
                                              Loans to customers                  banks       Financial assets at FVTOCI equivalents    assets   gencies      Total
                                       Stage 1   Stage 2     Stage 3      POCI   Stage 1   Stage 1    Stage 2     Stage 3    Stage 1   Stage 3   Stage 1
     Loss allowance
      as at 31 December 2024           77,521     22,378     193,759     2,185        7      451         140        587         42      8,570         -    305,640
     Changes in provisions
     -Transfer to Stage 1               31,006     (3,095)    (27,911)       -        -         -           -          -          -         -         -           -
     -Transfer to Stage 2              (11,830)    18,565      (6,735)       -        -         -           -          -          -         -         -           -
     -Transfer to Stage 3              (26,981)   (13,731)     40,712        -        -         -           -          -          -         -         -           -
     Net changes, resulting from
      changes in credit risk
      parameters                       (39,150)    3,189     118,230      (702)       1       (42)       (81)       (166)         4     3,600         -     84,883
     New assets issued                  78,682         -           -         -        -        22           -          -          -         -         -     78,704
     Repaid assets (except for write
      off)                             (35,531)    (1,966)    (12,576)       -        -       (95)          -          -          -         -         -     (50,168)
     Modification effect                     -          -      48,232        -        -         -           -          -          -         -         -      48,232
     Total effect on Consolidated
      Statements of Profit or Loss      4,001      1,223     153,886      (702)       1      (115)       (81)       (166)         4     3,600         -    161,651
     Write-off, net of recoveries           -          -     (85,959)        -        -         -          -           -          -                   -    (85,959)
     On acquisition of subsidiary         539        856       2,783         -        -         -          -           -          -      (162)        -      4,016
     Other changes                        (94)      (135)       (582)        -        -         -          -           -          -       450         -       (361)
     Foreign exchange difference            -          -         105         -        -         -          -           -          -         -         -        105
     As at 31 December 2025            74,162     26,061     270,058     1,483        8      336          59        421         46     12,458         -    385,092




                                                                                                                                                                 43
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

8.   Income tax

     The Group provides for taxes for the current period based on the tax accounts maintained and
     prepared in accordance with the respective tax regulations of the Republic of Kazakhstan, the
     Republic of Azerbaijan, Ukraine, Uzbekistan and Türkiye, where the Company and its
     subsidiaries operate and which may differ from IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the
     IASB.

     The Group is subject to certain permanent tax differences due to non-tax deductibility of
     certain expenses and a tax-free regime for certain income.

     Deferred taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying
     amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for tax
     purposes. Temporary differences relate mostly to different methods of income and expense
     recognition as well as to recorded values of certain assets.

     Deferred income tax liabilities comprise:

                                                                                2023         2024          2025
     Vacation reserve, accrued bonuses and share-based compensation             1,242          994         5,224
     Carry forward tax losses                                                       -            -         4,827
     Property, equipment and intangible assets                                 (4,012)      (5,369)      (66,036)
     Other                                                                        527           48         3,883
     Net valuation allowance for tax assets and incentives                          -            -       (18,665)
     Net deferred tax liability                                               (2,243)      (4,327)      (70,767)


     In 2025 the Group recognised deferred tax liabilities in respect to intangible assets identified
     under business combination accounting (Note 32).

     Relationships between net income before tax and income tax expenses are explained as follows:

                                                                                2023         2024          2025
     Net income before tax                                                  1,022,004    1,282,289    1,331,918
     Tax at the statutory tax rate of 20%                                    (204,400)    (256,458)    (266,384)
     Effect of different tax rates operating in other jurisdictions                 -            -        3,428
     Non-taxable income                                                        38,038       36,797       34,038
     Non-deductible expense                                                    (6,872)      (5,794)      (7,600)
     Additional tax from changes in tax legislation                                 -            -      (13,996)
     Utilized tax losses and incentives                                             -            -        1,231
     Effect of unrecognised deferred taxes and inflation adjustments                -            -      (17,229)
     Adjustment recognized in the period for current tax of prior periods           -            -        2,301
     Income tax expense                                                     (173,234)    (225,455)    (264,211)
     Current income tax expense                                              (174,196)    (223,371)    (197,771)
     Deferred income tax (expense)/benefit                                        962       (2,084)     (66,440)
     Income tax expense                                                     (173,234)    (225,455)    (264,211)


     Non-taxable income was represented by interest income on governmental and other qualified
     securities in accordance with the tax legislation. Statutory income tax rate is 20% in
     Kazakhstan and Azerbaijan, 18% in Ukraine, 15% in Uzbekistan and 25% in Türkiye.




                                                                                                             44
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     During the reporting period, amendments to the tax legislation introduced an additional
     corporate income tax applicable to certain categories of income. The respective effect was
     non-recurring in nature and relates only to 2025.

                                                                             2023            2024            2025
     Net deferred tax liability
     Balance as at 31 December                                               (3,205)         (2,243)         (4,327)
     Change in deferred income tax balances recognized in profit or
      loss                                                                     962           (2,084)           (606)
     Acquisition of subsidiary                                                   -                -         (65,834)
     At the end of the period                                               (2,243)         (4,327)       (70,767)



9.   Earnings per share

     Earnings per share are determined by dividing the net income attributable to shareholders of
     the Company by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year
     ended 31 December 2025. For the purpose of diluted earnings per share calculation, the Group
     considers dilutive effects of share-based compensation.

                                                                           2023               2024            2025
     Net income attributable to the shareholders of the Company           841,351         1,039,739       1,073,177
     Weighted average number of common shares for basic
      earnings per share                                               189,859,971      189,832,053     190,581,647
     Weighted average number of common shares for diluted
      earnings per share                                               192,062,409      191,430,283     191,900,721
     Earnings per share – basic (KZT)                                       4,431            5,477           5,631
     Earnings per share – diluted (KZT)                                     4,381            5,431           5,592


     Reconciliation of the number of shares used for basic and diluted EPS:

                                                                             2023            2024            2025
     Weighted average number of common shares for basic
      earnings per share                                               189,859,971      189,832,053     190,581,647
     Number of potential common shares attributable to share-
      based compensation                                                 2,202,438        1,598,230       1,319,074
     Weighted average number of common shares for
      diluted earnings per share                                      192,062,409      191,430,283     191,900,721



10. Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                                             2024             2025
     Cash on hand                                                                          197,002         181,410
     Current accounts with other banks                                                     108,246         153,554
     Short-term deposits with other banks                                                  314,222         137,126
     Reverse repurchase agreements                                                               -         431,053
     Total cash and cash equivalents                                                      619,470         903,143


     Cash on hand includes cash balances with ATMs and cash in transit.




                                                                                                                 45
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, current accounts and short-term deposits with NBRK are
     KZT 192,102 million and KZT Nil, respectively.

     As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, the fair value of collateral of reverse repurchase
     agreements classified as cash and cash equivalents are KZT Nil and KZT 431,053 million,
     respectively.

     As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, restricted deposits included in due from banks with
     investment credit ratings (higher than ‘BBB-‘) in favor of international payments systems were
     KZT 35,114 million and KZT 34,935 million, respectively.

     During the reporting period NBRK increased the requirements of mandatory cash balances for
     Bank’s liabilities denominated in national and foreign currencies from 0-2% to 3.5% and from
     1-3% to 10%, respectively.


11. Investment securities and derivatives

     Investment securities and derivatives comprise:

                                                                                 2024          2025
     Total financial assets at FVTOCI                                        1,489,682    1,155,282
     Total financial assets at FVTPL                                            17,149       22,464
     Total financial assets at amortized cost                                        -        2,073
     Total investment securities and derivatives                            1,506,831    1,179,819


     Financial assets at FVTOCI comprise:

                                                                                 2024          2025
     Debt securities                                                         1,489,205    1,154,800
     Equity investments                                                            477          482
     Total financial assets at FVTOCI                                       1,489,682    1,155,282

                                                 Interest                  Interest
                                                  rate, %         2024      rate, %            2025
     Debt securities
     Bonds of the Ministry of Finance of the
      Republic of Kazakhstan                    0.60-16.70    1,192,962   0.60-15.35        781,476
     Sovereign bonds of foreign countries        0.63-4.13        3,475    0.63-4.50        219,793
     Corporate bonds                            2.00-15.88      292,364   2.00-18.01        153,531
     Discount notes of the NBRK                      14.62          404            -              -
     Total debt securities                                   1,489,205                   1,154,800




                                                                                                  46
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     Debt securities are graded according to their external credit ratings issued by an international
     rating agencies, such as Standard and Poor’s, Fitch and Moody’s Investors Services and are
     graded as follows:

                                              A- and    BBB+ to      BB+           Not
                                              higher      BBB-      to B-        rated        Total
     Debt securities as at 31 December
      2024                                     36,415   1,373,391   4,957       74,442     1,489,205
     Debt securities as at 31 December
      2025                                    243,391    867,166    2,395       41,848     1,154,800

     Financial assets at FVTPL comprise:

                                                                                 2024          2025
     Investment funds                                                                -        21,717
     Derivative financial instruments                                           17,149           747
     Total financial assets at FVTPL                                           17,149        22,464


     As at 31 December 2025, financial assets at FVTPL included swap and spot instruments of
     KZT 741 million (2024: KZT 4,923 million) with a notional amount of KZT 171,046 million
     (2024: KZT 139,659 million) and forwards of KZT 6 million (2024: KZT 12,226 million) with a
     notional amount of KZT 262,794 million (2024: KZT 274,327 million).

     As at 31 December 2025, financial liabilities at FVTPL included swap and spot instruments of
     KZT 1,571 million (2024: KZT 133 million) with a notional amount of KZT 170,715 million
     (2024: KZT 139,696 million) and forwards of KZT 5,488 million (2024: KZT 129 million) with a
     notional amount of KZT 276,712 million (2024: KZT 269,387 million) and are disclosed in
     Note 22.

     As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, investment securities were not pledged or restricted,
     except for bonds of the Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Kazakhstan, notes of NBRK and
     corporate bonds pledged under repurchase agreements with other banks totaling
     KZT 24,474 million and KZT Nil, respectively.


12. Loans to customers

                                                                                2024           2025
     Gross loans to customers                                                6,042,443     7,543,926
     Less: allowance for impairment losses (Note 7)                           (295,843)     (371,764)
     Total loans to customers                                               5,746,600     7,172,162


     All loans to customers issued by the Group were allocated to the Fintech segment for internal
     segment reporting purposes.

     The Group did not provide loans which individually exceeded 10% of the Group’s equity.

     Movements in allowances for impairment losses on loans to customers for the years ended
     31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025 are disclosed in Note 7.




                                                                                                   47
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, accrued interest of KZT 68,558 million and
     KZT 106,348 million, respectively, was included in loans to customers.

     Loans with principal or accrued interest in arrears for more than 90 days are classified as
     non-performing loans (“NPL”). These loans were classified in Stage 3. Allowance for
     impairment losses to NPLs reflects the Group’s total provision as a percentage of NPL’s.
     Considering the ratio represents allowance for impairment losses for all loans as a percentage
     of NPLs, the ratio can be more than 100%.

     The following table sets forth the Group’s outstanding NPLs as compared to the total allowance
     for impairment losses on total loans to customers:

                                                                                                     Total
                                                                                      Total allowance for
                                                                              allowance for   impairment
                                                                                impairment losses to Gross
                                                              Gross NPLs             losses          NPLs
     As at 31 December 2024                                       327,730             295,843             90%
     As at 31 December 2025                                       466,845             371,764             80%

     Provision expenses on loans to customers:

                                                                       2023             2024             2025
     Provision expenses on loans to customers                    (76,888)          (110,293)         (158,408)


     The gross carrying amount and related allowance for impairment losses on loans to customers
     by stage were as follows:

                                               Stage 1      Stage 2       Stage 3
                                             12-month      Lifetime      Lifetime
                                                  ECL           ECL           ECL          POCI          Total
     Gross loans to customers                 5,447,804      86,251       485,252         23,136     6,042,443
     Less: allowance for impairment losses      (77,521)    (22,378)     (193,759)        (2,185)     (295,843)
     Carrying amount
      as at 31 December 2024                 5,370,283     63,873        291,493         20,951     5,746,600

                                               Stage 1      Stage 2        Stage 3
                                             12-month      Lifetime       Lifetime
                                                  ECL           ECL            ECL         POCI          Total
     Gross loans to customers                 6,691,163    129,800         703,082        19,881     7,543,926
     Less: allowance for impairment losses      (74,162)   (26,061)       (270,058)       (1,483)     (371,764)
     Carrying amount
      as at 31 December 2025                 6,617,001     103,739       433,024         18,398     7,172,162


     During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2025, the Group has restructured loans to
     customers, which were classified as NPL, in the amount of KZT 137,728 million and
     KZT 185,388 million, respectively, by providing an interest free extended repayment schedule.

     During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2025, KZT 58,615 million and
     KZT 103,119 million of restructured loans were collected, respectively.




                                                                                                            48
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, the Group’s restructured loans in Stage 3 amounted to the
     gross carrying amount of KZT 94,556 million and KZT 145,302 million, respectively.

     As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, the Group’s restructured loans in Stage 2 amounted to the
     gross carrying amount of KZT 18,009 million and KZT 26,505 million, respectively.

     As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, the Group’s restructured loans in Stage 1 amounted to the
     gross carrying amount of KZT 15,364 million and KZT 27,653 million, respectively.

     As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, the Group recognized restructured loans as POCI loans
     with gross carrying amount of KZT 23,136 million and KZT 19,881 million, respectively.


13. Property, equipment and intangible assets

                                           Land,
                                       buildings     Furniture                Construc-
                                             and           and   Intangible      tion in
                                    construction    equipment        assets    progress         Total
     At initial/revalued cost
     31 December 2023                    82,489      126,273       52,988        1,974      263,724
     Additions                            17,338       38,431        7,452       23,332       86,553
     Disposals                            (1,705)      (3,348)        (709)      (2,635)      (8,397)
     Acquisition of subsidiary                 -            -       41,853            -       41,853
     Transfer                              9,368          701          373      (10,442)           -
     31 December 2024                   107,490      162,057      101,957       12,229      383,733
     Additions                            23,120       86,751       51,815       31,770      193,456
     Disposals                              (691)     (11,005)     (15,484)         (64)     (27,244)
     Acquisition of subsidiary            44,172       57,475      381,664            -      483,311
     Transfer                             24,294        4,316           61      (28,671)           -
     31 December 2025                   198,385      299,594      520,013       15,264     1,033,256
     Accumulated depreciation and
      impairment
     31 December 2023                    12,402       55,605       21,371             -      89,378
     Charge for the year                   3,560       20,426        4,618            -       28,604
     Disposals                              (349)      (3,073)        (116)           -       (3,538)
     Transfer                                  1           (1)           -            -            -
     31 December 2024                    15,614       72,957       25,873             -     114,444
     Charge for the year                  12,993       37,351       25,551            -       75,895
     Disposals                              (462)      (7,561)      (2,452)           -      (10,475)
     Acquisition of subsidiary            29,223       39,229       70,579            -      139,031
                                                                                      -
     31 December 2025                    57,368      141,976      119,551             -     318,895
     Net book value
     31 December 2025                   141,017      157,618      400,462       15,264      714,361
     31 December 2024                    91,876       89,100       76,084       12,229      269,289


     As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, property and equipment included fully depreciated property
     and equipment of KZT 34,742 million and KZT 41,895 million, respectively.

     The Group’s revaluation policy requires the entire class of buildings, construction and land to
     be revalued every five years. In 2021, the Group had its buildings and construction revalued by
     independent appraisers, and the revalued amounts approximate their carrying value.

                                                                                                  49
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     The fair value of buildings and construction was determined based on the market comparable
     approach that reflects recent transaction prices for similar properties. In measuring fair value
     of the Group’s buildings and construction, the measurements were categorized into Level 3.
     During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2025, there were no movements between
     Level 3 and other levels.


14. Goodwill

                                                                                 2024           2025
     As at 1 January                                                             34,078         17,438
     Acquisition of subsidiary                                                        -        422,231
     Provisional accounting adjustment                                          (16,640)             -
     Hyperinflation and foreign exchange impacts                                      -          7,459
     As at 31 December                                                          17,438        447,128


     Goodwill comprises:

                                                                                 2024           2025
     Hepsiburada                                                                      -        429,690
     Other                                                                       17,438         17,438
     As at 31 December                                                          17,438        447,128


     Significant cash-generating unit

     In performing annual impairment testing, the recoverable amount of Hepsiburada has been
     calculated based on its value in use, estimated as the present value of projected future cash
     flows. Projected cash flows include specific estimates for a period of five years.

     The Gross merchandise value (“GMV”) growth rates used to estimate cash flows for the five
     years are based on past performance of Hepsiburada and on the Group’s strategic plan.
     Growth rate is determined in nominal terms to match nominal estimates of future cash flows.

     The assumptions used to develop weighted average cost of capital (“WACC”) are benchmarked
     to externally available data. Discount rate is determined in nominal terms to match nominal
     estimates of future cash flows.

     The estimated cash flows after year five are extrapolated using a longer-term growth rate
     (“LTGR”), which is determined as geometric mean of real GDP growth rate for Türkiye.

     Key assumptions comprise:

                                                                                                2025
     Average GMV growth                                                                         18.8%
     WACC                                                                                       19.7%
     LTGR                                                                                        3.5%




                                                                                                     50
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     There are no reasonably possible changes in key assumptions that would cause the carrying
     amount of any CGU to exceed its recoverable amount, except for WACC, where an increase of
     1%, with all other assumptions held constant, would cause the CGU’s recoverable amount to
     equal it’s carrying amount.


15. Inventory

                                                                              2024              2025
     Goods                                                                    16,194           127,694
     Less: allowance for impairment losses                                       (30)           (3,172)
     Total inventory                                                         16,164           124,522



16. Other assets
                                                                               2024              2025
     Other financial assets
     Receivables from customers transactions                                       -            40,406
     Trade receivables                                                             -            26,379
     Settlement with brokers                                                  24,853            23,818
     Receivables from VISA and Master Card                                     2,782             7,674
     Other                                                                     9,418            10,183
     Total other financial assets                                            37,053           108,460
     Less: allowance for impairment losses (Note 7)                           (7,260)          (11,035)
     Total net other financial assets                                        29,793            97,425
     Other non-financial assets
     Prepayments for goods and services                                       55,683            58,026
     Investment property                                                      14,619            14,100
     Taxes receivable                                                          5,818            12,552
     Other                                                                     1,460             2,855
     Total other non-financial assets                                        77,580            87,533
     Less: allowance for impairment losses                                    (1,279)           (1,422)
     Total net other non-financial assets                                    76,301            86,111
     Total other assets                                                     106,094           183,536

     Movements in allowances for impairment losses of other assets are disclosed in Note 7.

     Investment property movement is presented as follows:

                                                                               2024             2025
     Cost
     As at 1 January                                                          17,328           15,914
     Additions                                                                    19               72
     Disposals                                                                (1,433)            (504)
     As at 31 December                                                       15,914           15,482
     Accumulated depreciation
     As at 1 January                                                          (1,263)          (1,295)
     Depreciation charge                                                        (210)            (185)
     Disposals                                                                   178               98
     As at 31 December                                                       (1,295)           (1,382)
     Net book value                                                          14,619           14,100


                                                                                                   51
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, the fair value of investment property was
     KZT 19,968 million and KZT 21,085 million, respectively. In measuring fair value of the Group’s
     investment property, the measurements were categorized into Level 3.


17. Due to banks

                                                                                 2024            2025
     Recorded at amortized cost
     Time deposits of banks and other financial institutions                        323          16,183
     Repurchase agreements                                                       24,151               -
     Total due to banks                                                         24,474         16,183


     As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, accrued interest of KZT 67 million and KZT 494 million,
     respectively, was included in due to banks.

     Fair value of securities pledged as collateral of repurchase agreements, which were classified
     as due to banks as at 31 December 2024 and 2025, amounted to KZT 24,151 million and
     KZT Nil, respectively.


18. Customer accounts

                                                                                 2024            2025
     Individuals
     Term deposits                                                            5,328,125      6,244,418
     Current accounts                                                           921,913        934,286
     Total due to individuals                                                6,250,038     7,178,704
     Corporate customers
     Term deposits                                                             106,010        148,210
     Current accounts                                                          205,902        204,372
     Total due to corporate customers                                         311,912        352,582
     Total customer accounts                                                 6,561,950     7,531,286


     As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, accrued interest of KZT 51,212 million and
     KZT 66,419 million, respectively, was included in term deposits within customer accounts.

     As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, customer accounts of KZT 83,654 million and
     KZT 100,816 million, respectively, were held as prepayments on loans to customers.

     As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, customer accounts of KZT 76,413 million (1.16% of total
     customer accounts) and KZT 78,145 million (1.04% of total customer accounts), respectively,
     were due to the top twenty customers.

     As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, customer accounts were predominately denominated in
     KZT, comprising 91% and 93%, respectively.




                                                                                                    52
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

19. Debt securities issued

                                                                          Nominal
                                                          Maturity    interest rate
                                           Currency          date                %      2024        2025
     Third bond program – first issue       KZT       January 2025             9.90    51,050          -
     Deb securities issued                  USD        March 2030              6.25         -    331,992
     Total debt securities issued                                                     51,050    331,992


     As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, accrued interest of KZT 2,062 million and
     KZT 5,420 million, respectively, was included in debt securities issued. All debt securities
     issued are recorded at amortized cost. The Group did not have any defaults or other breaches
     with respect to its debt securities issued as at 31 December 2024 and 2025.

     On 27 January 2025 the Bank fully repaid its outstanding debt under the first issue of third
     bond program.

     In March 2025, the Group issued debt securities totaling USD 650 million at a fixed rate of
     6.25% per annum and maturing in 2030.


20. Subordinated debt

                                                                          Nominal
                                                         Maturity         interest
                                           Currency         date          rate, %      2024       2025
     Third bond program – fourth issue         KZT        June 2025           10.7    62,278          -
     Debt component of preference shares       KZT              n/a            n/a       138        161


     Total subordinated debt                                                          62,416        161


     On 10 July 2025, the Bank fully repaid its outstanding subordinated debt under the fourth
     issue of third bond program.

     The debt component of preference shares relates to subsidiary Kaspi Bank JSC, and is held by
     the non-controlling interest. As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, accrued interest of
     KZT 3,179 million and KZT Nil, respectively, was included in subordinated debt.

     All subordinated debt are recorded at amortized cost as at 31 December 2024 and 2025. The
     above liabilities are subordinated to the claims of depositors and other creditors of the issuer in
     the event of liquidation. The Group did not have any defaults or other breaches with respect to
     its subordinated debt as at 31 December 2024 and 2025.




                                                                                                     53
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

     The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities,
     including both cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those
     for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated
     statements of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                                                  Non-cash changes
                                                                              Foreign   Changes in
                                             1 January        Financing     exchange     amortized
                                                  2024       cash flows    movement           cost      2024
     Debt securities issued                      99,468         (48,769)            -         351      51,050
     Subordinated debt                           62,369               -             -          47      62,416

                                                                                  Non-cash changes
                                                                              Foreign   Changes in
                                             1 January        Financing     exchange     amortized
                                                  2025       cash flows    movement           cost      2025
     Debt securities issued                      51,050         277,051         (709)        4,600    331,992
     Subordinated debt                           62,416         (59,103)            -       (3,152)       161



21. Trade liabilities

                                                                                            2024        2025
     Payables to suppliers                                                                  22,454     219,274
     Payables to merchants                                                                       -     127,127
     Total trade liabilities                                                               22,454     346,401



22. Other liabilities

                                                                                             2024       2025
     Other financial liabilities
     Finance leasing                                                                             -     21,585
     Payables for customers’ online transactions                                            15,363     18,404
     Accrued expenses                                                                        2,300      9,825
     Derivative financial liabilities                                                          262      7,059
     Accrued dividends payable to non-controlling interest                                     362          -
     Other                                                                                     967      4,041
     Total financial liabilities                                                            19,254     60,914
     Other non-financial liabilities
     Contract liabilities                                                                        -     32,874
     Other taxes payable                                                                    18,757     29,035
     Accumulated employee benefits, vacation liabilities                                     8,295     27,725
     Deferred revenue                                                                       13,677     25,823
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                                4,377     71,409
     Current income tax payable                                                              3,404        638
     Other                                                                                  14,132      5,730
     Total non-financial liabilities                                                        62,642    193,234
     Total other liabilities                                                                81,896    254,148




                                                                                                           54
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

23. Share capital

     The table below provides a reconciliation of the change in the number of authorized shares,
     shares issued and fully paid, treasury shares and shares outstanding:

                                                               Issued and
                                               Authorized        fully paid       Treasury          Shares
                                                   shares           shares          shares     outstanding
     Common shares
     31 December 2023                        216,742,000     199,500,000      (10,166,535)    189,333,465
     ADS options exercised (Note 24)                   -                 -         747,178          747,178
     GDR buy-back program                              -                 -         (64,914)         (64,914)
     31 December 2024                        216,742,000     199,500,000       (9,484,271)    190,015,729
     ADS options exercised (Note 24)                   -               -           771,756         771,756
     ADS buy-back program                              -               -          (559,553)       (559,553)
     31 December 2025                        216,742,000     199,500,000       (9,272,068)    190,227,932

     The Group accounts for GDRs/ADSs repurchased in Treasury Shares component of Share
     Capital. One GDR/ADS represents one share.

     The following table summarizes the details of the GDR/ADS buy-back programs:

                                                                                              Total amount
                                                                               Number of                paid
                                                             Maturity         GDRs/ADSs       (in millions of
                                       Start date               date            acquired                KZT)
     1st buy-back program            22 April 2022        21 July 2022            998,429             22,841
     2nd buy-back program             22 July 2022    21 October 2022             788,153             21,325
     3rd buy-back program         22 October 2022    24 February 2023           1,131,380             38,474
     4th buy-back program           22 March 2023         21 July 2023            531,995             18,740
     5th buy-back program             22 July 2023    21 October 2023             283,689             12,614
     6th buy-back program         22 October 2023     16 January 2024             303,286             13,233
     7th buy-back program       17 November 2025     27 February 2026             559,553             21,907
     31 December 2025                                                         4,596,485            149,134


     The Company made certain amendments to its Deposit Agreement, pursuant to which, among
     others, it renamed Regulation S GDRs as ADSs, which amendments became effective on
     18 January 2024. Pursuant to the amendments, the Company has an Amended Level III ADS
     Deposit Agreement among the Company, the Depositary and the Owners and Holders of ADSs,
     and an Amended Rule 144A GDR Deposit Agreement between the Company and the
     Depositary.




                                                                                                          55
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     The table below provides a reconciliation of the change in outstanding share capital fully paid:

                                                               Issued and
                                                                 fully paid     Treasury
                                                                    shares        shares          Total
     31 December 2023                                            130,144       (152,001)       (21,857)
     ADS options exercised                                               -         3,332          3,332
     GDR buy-back program                                                -        (2,852)        (2,852)
     31 December 2024                                            130,144       (151,521)       (21,377)
     ADS options exercised                                               -         3,443          3,443
     ADS buy-back program                                                -       (21,907)       (21,907)
     31 December 2025                                            130,144       (169,985)       (39,841)


     All shares are KZT denominated. The Group has one class of common shares which carry no
     right to fixed dividend.

     The following tables represent dividends declared:

                                                                               Dividends      Dividend
                                                                                declared      per share

     February 2024                                                               161,514        KZT 850
     April 2024                                                                  161,514        KZT 850
     August 2024                                                                 161,514        KZT 850
     November 2024                                                               161,514        KZT 850
     Total for 2024                                                             646,056


     During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group did not declare dividends.


24. Share-based compensation

     In 2021 the share option program was expanded to include more senior executives and other
     core Group personnel. The share-based awards are used to attract, incentivise and retain
     employees over the long-term by the management of the Group.

     Share-based compensation expense

     According to IFRS 2, this accelerates the recognition of compensation expenses resulting in a
     higher proportion of expenses being recognised in the early years of overall plan.

     ADS Options

     The fair value of ADS options at the date of grant is determined using the Black-Scholes
     model. The fair value determined at the grant date is expensed over the five year vesting
     period, based on the Group’s estimate of the number of ADS options that will eventually vest.
     Recipients of ADS options are entitled to receive dividends once ADS options vested and
     exercised.




                                                                                                   56
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     The inputs into the Black-Scholes model are as follows:

                                                                     2023           2024               2025
     Black-Scholes model inputs
     Weighted average share price in USD                              67.3           68.4               89.6
     Expected volatility                                            42.4%          42.1%              38.2%
     Risk-free rate                                                  4.2%           4.3%               5.4%
     Dividend yield                                                  7.0%           7.0%               6.8%

     Expected volatility is based on the historical share price volatility over the past 3 years.

     The following table summarises the details of the ADS options outstanding:

                                                                                     2024              2025
                                                                                   (ADSs)            (ADSs)
     Outstanding at the beginning of the period                                2,202,438       1,598,230
     Granted                                                                      142,970            497,790
     Forfeited                                                                          -             (5,190)
     Exercised                                                                   (747,178)          (771,756)
     Expired                                                                            -                  -
     Outstanding at the end of the period                                      1,598,230       1,319,074


     The following table represents Share-based compensation reserve outstanding:

                                                                                              Share-Based
                                                                                             Compensation
                                                                                                   reserve
     31 December 2023                                                                                34,810
     ADS options accrued                                                                              16,963
     ADS options exercised                                                                           (19,999)
     31 December 2024                                                                                31,774
     ADS options accrued                                                                              15,476
     ADS options exercised                                                                           (19,312)
     31 December 2025                                                                                27,938




                                                                                                          57
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

25. Non-controlling interest

                                                                       Hepsiburada        Other        Total
     Country of operation                                                   Türkiye           -            -
     Non-controlling interests share
     As at 31 December 2023                                                          -         -           -
     As at 31 December 2024                                                          -         -           -
     As at 31 December 2025                                                    24.04%          -           -
     Net (loss)/income attributable to Non-controlling
      interest
     For the year ended 31 December 2023                                             -     7,419      7,419
     For the year ended 31 December 2024                                             -    17,095     17,095
     For the year ended 31 December 2025                                       (21,672)   16,202     (5,470)
     Total comprehensive (loss)/income attributable to
      Non-controlling interest
     For the year ended 31 December 2023                                             -     7,620      7,620
     For the year ended 31 December 2024                                             -    17,428     17,428
     For the year ended 31 December 2025                                       (11,819)   15,413      3,594
     Non-controlling interests
     As at 31 December 2024                                                         -     55,637     55,637
     As at 31 December 2025                                                    53,186     56,548    109,734

     The following is condensed financial information for the Hepsiburada for the year ended
     31 December 2025:

                                                                                                       2025
     CONDENSED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     Current assets                                                                                 350,073
     Non-current assets                                                                             349,232
     Total assets                                                                                  699,305
     Current liabilities                                                                            394,005
     Non-current liabilities                                                                         84,062
     Net assets                                                                                    221,238
     CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
     Revenue                                                                                       1,036,582
     Net loss                                                                                        (68,034)
     Total comprehensive loss                                                                        (68,075)
     CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     Cash flows from operating activities                                                           128,285
     Cash flows from investing activities                                                            35,142
     Cash flows from financing activities                                                          (109,023)
     Effect of changes in foreign exchange rate on cash and cash equivalents                        (25,331)
     Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                                 104,237
     Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                      133,310
     Dividend paid to non-controlling interests                                                            -



26. Commitments and contingencies

     In the normal course of business, in order to meet the needs of its customers, the Group
     became a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk. Guarantees issued
     included below represent financial guarantees, where payment is not probable as at the
     respective reporting date, and therefore have not been recorded in the Consolidated
     Statements of Financial Position.



                                                                                                          58
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     The Group’s maximum exposure to credit loss under contingent liabilities and commitments to
     extend credit, in the event of non-performance by the other party where all counterclaims,
     collateral or security prove valueless, is represented by the contractual amounts of those
     instruments.

     The Group uses the same credit policy in undertaking contingent commitments as it does for
     on-balance instruments.

     As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, provision for losses on contingent liabilities were
     KZT Nil and KZT Nil, respectively.

     The Group’s contingent liabilities and credit commitments comprised the following:

                                                                                2024          2025
                                                                              Nominal       Nominal
                                                                              amount        amount
     Commitments on loans and unused credit lines: Revocable loans             293,401       370,278
     Guarantees issued and similar commitments                                       -           326
     Total contingent liabilities and credit commitments                      293,401       370,604


     Commitments on loans and unused credit lines represent the Group’s revocable commitments
     to extend loans within unused credit line limits. Those commitments where the borrower has
     to apply each time it wants to draw the credit facility from unused credit lines and the Group
     may approve or deny the extension of the credit facility based on the borrower’s financial
     performance, debt service and other credit risk characteristics are considered revocable. Those
     commitments where the Group is contractually obligated with no conditions to extend the loan
     are considered to be irrevocable.

     Legal proceedings

     From time to time and in the normal course of business, claims against the Group are received
     from customers and counterparties. The Group recognizes a provision for a material loss from
     its legal proceedings when payment of such loss is probable and the amount can be estimated
     reliably. As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, no provision for material losses on legal
     proceedings was recognized.

     Pensions and retirement plans

     Employees of the Group receive pension benefits from pension funds in accordance with the
     laws and regulations of the Republic of Kazakhstan. As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, the
     Group was not liable for any supplementary pensions, post-retirement health care, insurance
     benefits, or retirement indemnities to its current or former employees.




                                                                                                   59
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     Taxes

     Due to the presence in Kazakhstani commercial legislation and tax legislation in particular, of
     provisions allowing more than one interpretation, and also due to the practice developed in a
     generally unstable environment by the tax authorities of making arbitrary judgment of
     business activities, if a particular treatment based on management’s judgment of the Group’s
     business activities is to be challenged by the tax authorities, the Group may be assessed
     additional taxes, penalties and interest. Such uncertainty may relate to valuation of financial
     instruments, loss and impairment provisions and market level for deals’ pricing. The Group
     believes that it has already made all tax payments, and therefore no allowance has been made
     in the consolidated financial statements. Tax years remain open to review by the tax
     authorities for five years.


27. Transactions with related parties

     In considering each possible related party relationship, attention is directed to the substance of
     the relationship, and not merely the legal form. The Group had the following transactions
     outstanding with related parties:

                                                           31 December 2024                31 December 2025
                                                                         Total                           Total
                                                                     category                        category
                                                                        as per                          as per
                                                 Transactions        financial   Transactions        financial
                                                  with related    statements      with related    statements
                                                       parties       captions          parties       captions
     Consolidated statements of financial
      position
     Gross loans to customers                           1,103       6,042,443             333       7,543,926
       - entities controlled by the key
         management personnel of the Group              1,103                             333
     Other assets                                       1,955         106,094           1,971         183,536
       - entities controlled by the key
         management personnel of the Group              1,955                           1,971
     Due to banks                                            -         24,474             146          16,183
     - entities controlled by the key
       management personnel of the Group                     -                            146
     Customer accounts                                 12,120       6,561,950          18,474       7,531,286
       - entities controlled by the key
         management personnel of the Group              2,846                           2,865
       - key management personnel of the Group          9,146                          15,573
       - other related parties                            128                              36
     Other liabilities                                    963          81,896           3,352         254,148
       - entities controlled by the key
         management personnel of the Group                963                           3,352




                                                                                                            60
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

                                                       2023                           2024                           2025
                                             Total category                 Total category                 Total category
                                                      as per                         as per                         as per
                                Transactions       financial   Transactions       financial   Transactions       financial
                                with related    statements     with related    statements     with related    statements
                                     parties         caption        parties         caption        parties         caption
     Consolidated
      Statements of Profit
      or Loss
     Net fee revenue                   4,161        987,967           4,378      1,275,125           4,561      1,598,351
     - entities controlled by
       the key management
       personnel of the Group          4,008                          4,215                          4,416
     - key management
       personnel
       of the Group                      153                            162                            145
     - other related parties               -                              1                              -
     Interest revenue                    259        833,516             202      1,082,668             146      1,579,346
     - other related parties             259                            202                            146
     Other gains/(losses)                  2         23,200               -         11,229               -         18,250
     - entities controlled by
       the key management
       personnel of the Group              2                              -                              -
     COSTS AND
       OPERATING
       EXPENSES
     Interest expenses and
       fees                             (544)      (478,010)           (609)      (616,116)           (957)      (908,698)
     - entities controlled by
       the key management
       personnel of the Group           (507)                           (25)                           (53)
     - key management
       personnel of the Group            (34)                          (582)                          (901)
     - other related parties              (3)                            (2)                            (3)
     Transaction expenses               (137)       (27,470)           (153)       (29,494)           (382)       (31,603)
     - entities controlled by
       the key management
       personnel of the Group           (137)                          (153)                          (382)
     Cost of goods and
      services                        (5,129)      (166,356)         (6,445)      (303,858)         (7,167)     (1,179,141)
     - entities controlled by
       the key management
       personnel of the Group         (5,129)                        (6,445)                        (7,167)
     Technology & product
      development                          -        (88,657)              -       (109,553)           (429)      (208,580)
     - entities controlled by
       the key management
       personnel of the Group              -                              -                           (429)
     General & administrative
      expenses                             -        (29,468)              -        (32,899)             (6)        (78,252)
     - entities controlled by
       the key management
       personnel of the Group              -                              -                             (6)


     For the year ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025, the total value of goods purchased
     from entities controlled by the key management personnel was KZT 4,310 million,
     KZT 6,336 million and KZT 7,354 million, respectively, from which KZT 3,906 million,
     KZT 3,215 million and KZT 6,563 million, respectively, recognised in cost of goods and services
     and remaining in inventory.




                                                                                                                        61
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     For the year ended 31 December 2024 and 2025, the total value of Property, equipment and
     intangible assets purchased from entities controlled by the key management personnel was
     KZT 1,026 and KZT 2,967 million, respectively.

     For the year ended 31 December 2024 and 2025, the Group acquired from entities controlled
     by the key management personnel a commercial property for KZT 2,245 million and KZT Nil,
     respectively.

     Compensation to directors and other members of key management is presented as follows:

                                                 2023                        2024                        2025
                                                 Total                       Total                       Total
                                             category                    category                    category
                                                as per                      as per                      as per
                          Transactions       financial Transactions      financial Transactions      financial
                           with related   statements with related     statements with related     statements
                                parties        caption      parties        caption      parties        caption
     Employee benefits            (535)       (86,326)        (438)     (104,522)         (593)      (212,536)
     Share-based
      compensation              (4,815)       (20,859)      (1,816)       (16,963)         (61)       (15,476)



28. Fair value of financial instruments

     a.    Fair value of financial instruments

     IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB defines fair value as the price that would be
     received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
     participants at the measurement date.

     b.    Fair value of the Group's financial assets and financial liabilities measured at
           fair value on a recurring basis

     Some of the Group's financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the
     end of each reporting period. The following table gives information about how the fair values
     of these financial assets and financial liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation
     technique(s) and inputs used).




                                                                                                           62
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     Financial assets/                                        Fair value Valuation technique(s) and key
      financial liabilities         2024           2025       hierarchy                         input(s)
     Non-derivative financial
      assets at FVTOCI
      (Note 11)                    22,898         237,573     Level 1    Quoted prices in an active market.
     Non-derivative financial
      assets at FVTOCI                                                    Quoted prices in markets that are
      (Note 11)                  1,463,463        908,299     Level 2                 not active.
     Non-derivative financial
      assets at FVTOCI                                                   DCF method with weighted average
      (Note 11)                     3,261           9,347     Level 3              discount ratio 14.1%
                                                                         Adjusted net assets based on most
                                                                                 recent published financial
     Unlisted equity                                                       statements of unlisted companies
      investments classified                                              with discount for marketability and
      as financial assets at                                                 liquidity. Discount ratios varies
      FVTOCI                           60             63      Level 3               from 10% to 30%.
                                                                         DCF method. Future cash flows are
                                                                               estimated based on forward
                                                                           exchange rates (from observable
                                                                          forward exchange rates at the end
                                                                               of the reporting period) and
                                                                          contract forward rates, discounted
     Derivative financial                                                   at a rate that reflects the credit
      assets (Note 11)             17,149            747      Level 2         risk of various counterparties.
     Investment funds at                                                  Quoted prices in markets that are
      FVPTL (Note 11)                    -         21,717     Level 2                    not active.
                                                                         DCF method. Future cash flows are
                                                                               estimated based on forward
                                                                           exchange rates (from observable
                                                                          forward exchange rates at the end
                                                                               of the reporting period) and
                                                                          contract forward rates, discounted
     Derivative financial                                                   at a rate that reflects the credit
      liabilities (Note 22)           262           7,059     Level 2         risk of various counterparties.

     As at 31 December 2024, the fair value of the investment securities in Level 2 includes short-
     term and long-term sovereign debt securities of KZT 356,712 million and KZT 820,340 million,
     respectively.

     As at 31 December 2025, the fair value of the investment securities in Level 2 includes short-
     term and long-term sovereign debt securities of KZT 177,483 million and KZT 589,517 million,
     respectively. Those investment securities are by nature and for regulatory purposes treated as
     high quality liquid assets, but are classified as Level 2 due to insufficient trading on regulated
     market.




                                                                                                           63
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     The reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets is presented
     as follows:

                                                                             Fair value through other
                                                                               comprehensive income
                                                                         Unquoted
                                                                              debt
                                                                         securities             Total
     1 January 2024                                                              2,322              2,322
     Total gains or losses
     - in profit or loss                                                             -                 -
     - in other comprehensive income                                               939               939
     Purchases                                                                       -                 -
     Issues                                                                          -                 -
     Disposals/settlements                                                           -                 -
     Transfer into level 3                                                           -                 -
     Transfers out of level 3                                                        -                 -
     31 December 2024                                                            3,261             3,261
     Total gains or losses
     - in profit or loss                                                             -                  -
     - in other comprehensive income                                             6,086              6,086
     Purchases                                                                       -                  -
     Issues                                                                          -                  -
     Disposals/settlements                                                           -                  -
     Transfer into level 3                                                           -                  -
     Transfers out of level 3                                                        -                  -
     31 December 2025                                                            9,347             9,347


     During the twelve months ended 31 December 2025, there were no transfers between Level 1,
     Level 2 and Level 3.

     c.    Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at
           fair value on a recurring basis (but fair value disclosures are required).

     Except as detailed in the following table, management of the Group considers that the carrying
     amount of financial assets and financial liabilities recognized in the consolidated financial
     statements approximate their fair values.

                                                                        2024
                                                        Carrying         Fair
                                                         amount         value        Fair value hierarchy
      Due from banks                                       37,908       37,330                    Level 2
      Loans to customers                                5,746,600    5,663,357                    Level 3
      Due to banks                                         24,474       24,474                    Level 2
      Customer accounts                                 6,561,950    6,515,258                    Level 2
      Debt securities issued                               51,050       49,838                    Level 2
      Subordinated debt                                    62,416       60,645                    Level 2
      Trade liabilities                                    22,454       22,454                    Level 3




                                                                                                       64
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

                                                                           2025
                                                          Carrying          Fair
                                                           amount          value     Fair value hierarchy
      Due from banks                                        51,951        51,220                  Level 2
      Loans to customers                                 7,172,162     7,315,342                  Level 3
      Due to banks                                          16,183        16,183                  Level 2
      Customer accounts                                  7,531,286     7,463,854                  Level 2
      Debt securities issued                               331,992       342,495                  Level 2
      Subordinated debt                                        161           161                  Level 2
      Trade liabilities                                    346,401       346,401                  Level 3

     Assets and liabilities for which fair value approximates carrying value

     For financial assets and liabilities that have a short-term maturity (less than 3 months), it is
     assumed that the carrying amounts approximate to their fair value. This assumption is also
     applied to demand deposits and savings accounts without a maturity.

     Due from banks

     The estimated fair value of term due from banks is determined by discounting the contractual
     cash flows using interest rates currently offered for due from banks with similar terms.

     Loans to customers

     Loans to individual customers are made at fixed rates. The fair value of fixed rate loans has
     been estimated by reference to the market rates available at the reporting date for loans with
     similar maturity profile.

     Due to banks

     The estimated fair value of due to banks is determined by discounting the contractual cash
     flows using interest rates currently offered for due to banks with similar terms.

     Customer accounts

     The estimated fair value of term deposits is determined by discounting contractual cash flows
     using interest rates currently offered for deposits with similar terms. For current accounts
     which are non-interest bearing, the Group considers fair value to equal carrying value, which is
     equivalent to the amount payable on the balance sheet date.

     Debt securities issued, subordinated debt

     Debt securities issued and subordinated debt are valued using quoted prices.

     Trade liabilities

     Trade liabilities are short-term in nature, it is assumed that the carrying values approximate to
     their fair value.




                                                                                                        65
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

29. Regulatory matters

     The management of Kaspi Bank JSC (“the Bank”) monitors capital adequacy ratio based on
     requirements of standardized approach of Basel Committee of Banking Supervision “Basel III:
     A global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking systems” (December 2010,
     updated in June 2011).

     The capital adequacy ratios calculated on the basis of the Bank’s consolidated financial
     statements under Basel III with updated RWA methodology are presented in the following
     table:

                                                                               2024            2025
     Tier 1 capital (k1.2)                                                     17.6%           19.6%
     Total capital (k.2)                                                       18.3%           19.6%

     The Bank complies with NBRK’s capital requirements. The minimum regulatory capital
     adequacy requirements are 6.5% for k1.2 and 8% for k.2, excluding a conservation buffer of
     3% and systemic buffer of 1% for each.

     The following table presents Bank’s capital adequacy ratios in accordance with the NBRK
     requirements:

                                                                               2024            2025
     Tier 1 capital (k1.2)                                                     12.6%           12.7%
     Total capital (k.2)                                                       12.7%           12.7%



30. Risk management policy

     The Group permanently advances it’s risk management environment, to fit up-to-date
     challenges and risks the Group is exposed to. The Group is exposed to the following types of
     risks: credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk.

     Credit risk

     The Group is exposed to credit risk, which is the risk that a customer will be unable to pay
     amounts in full when due. The Group’s credit risk exposure arises primarily from our consumer
     finance business through the Fintech Platform. To manage credit risk during loan origination,
     the Group centralized all processes related to decision making, verification and accounting
     through it’s headquarters. The Group has developed an automated, centralized and big data-
     driven proprietary loan approval process that enables it to make instant credit decisions. The
     risk management division is responsible for maintaining credit risk assessment models and
     decision-making process. The quality of approved loans are monitored by risk management
     division on day-to-day basis with periodical validation of the models.




                                                                                                    66
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     During the credit decision process, the Group uses proprietary risk algorithms and predictive
     credit risk assessment models for the evaluation of the risks of potential borrowers using
     statistical modelling based on (i) a wealth of proprietary internal data such as application,
     transactional, behavioral, shopping and payment history information, which is supplemented
     by (ii) external data such as data received from credit bureaus (First Credit Bureau LLP and
     State Credit Bureau JSC) and pension centre (the State Pension Payment Centre) with regard
     to each customer.

     The additional proprietary data constantly accumulated around the Group’s customers’ activity
     that enables it to continuously deepen its credit decision process.

     The risk management division, in terms of credit risk, consists of independent modelling, anti-
     fraud, monitoring and provisioning division.

     Maximum Exposure

     The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk varies significantly and is dependent on both
     individual risks and general market economy risks. For financial assets recorded on statements
     of financial position, the maximum exposure equals to a carrying value of those assets prior to
     any offset or collateral. For financial guarantees and other contingent liabilities the maximum
     exposure to credit risk is the maximum amount the Group would have to pay if the guarantee
     was called on or in the case of commitments, if the loan amount was called on.

     As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, the maximum exposure to credit risk after offset and
     collateral was equal to its carrying value of all financial assets except for loans to customers.

     As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, the maximum exposure to credit risk after offset and
     collateral of loans to customers were KZT 5,086,464 million and KZT 6,281,705 million,
     respectively.

     Collateral held as security and other credit enhancements

     The Group holds collateral or other credit enhancements to mitigate credit risk associated with
     financial assets. The main types of collateral obtained are as follows:

     •     For reverse repurchase transactions – securities;
     •     For loans to customers that are secured – charges over real estate properties and
           vehicles.

     Although, the Group uses collateral as credit enhancement to mitigate its exposure to credit
     risk, major part of its loan portfolio is represented by unsecured loans. Thus,
     as at 31 December 2024 and 2025, unsecured gross carrying amount of loans to customers
     were KZT 5,359,101 million and KZT 6,606,933 million, respectively.

     As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, credit impaired loans with a net carrying value of
     KZT 29,418 million and KZT 37,469 million, respectively were either fully or partially collateralized,
     reflecting the extent to which collateral and other credit enhancements mitigate credit risk.




                                                                                                         67
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     Credit quality of financial assets

     The tables below present information about the significant changes in the gross carrying
     amount of loans to customers during the period that contributed to changes in the allowance
     for impairment losses during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2025:

                                        Stage 1         Stage 2         Stage 3
                                       12-month
                                          ECL         Lifetime ECL    Lifetime ECL     POCI           Total
     Loans to customers at
      amortized cost
     Gross carrying amount as at
      1 January 2024                    4,048,478          55,804         363,703     10,504     4,478,489
     Changes in the gross carrying
       amount
     - Transfer to Stage 1                 65,305          (13,657)        (51,648)         -             -
     - Transfer to Stage 2                (76,678)         102,681         (26,003)         -             -
     - Transfer to Stage 3               (266,377)         (24,694)        291,071          -             -
     New loans to customers
       originated or purchased           4,507,341                -               -   21,310      4,528,651
     Loans to customers that have
       been repaid or derecognized      (2,830,265)        (33,883)        (18,736)   (8,678)    (2,891,562)
     Write-offs                                   -               -        (89,272)         -       (89,272)
     Recovery from off-balance loans
       to customers                               -               -         16,137          -       16,137
     Gross carrying amount as at
      31 December 2024                  5,447,804          86,251         485,252     23,136     6,042,443

                                        Stage 1         Stage 2         Stage 3
                                       12-month
                                          ECL         Lifetime ECL    Lifetime ECL     POCI           Total
     Loans to customers at
      amortized cost
     Gross carrying amount as at
      1 January 2025                   5,447,804           86,251         485,252     23,136     6,042,443
     Changes in the gross carrying
       amount
     - Transfer to Stage 1                 78,937          (17,388)        (61,549)         -             -
     - Transfer to Stage 2               (118,983)         153,117         (34,134)         -             -
     - Transfer to Stage 3               (378,113)         (55,316)        433,429          -             -
     New loans to customers
       originated or purchased           5,348,309                -               -    (1,934)    5,346,375
     Loans to customers that have
       been repaid or derecognized      (3,719,369)        (41,284)        (24,301)    (1,321)   (3,786,275)
     Write-offs                                  -               -        (118,895)         -      (118,895)
     On acquisition of subsidiary           32,578           4,420           4,944          -        41,942
     Recovery from off-balance loans
       to customers                               -               -         18,336          -       18,336
     Gross carrying amount as at
      31 December 2025                 6,691,163          129,800         703,082     19,881     7,543,926




                                                                                                         68
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     The Group uses an internal rating model to classify individually significant loans to customers
     in different risk categories:

                                        Stage 1         Stage 2             Stage 3
                                       12-month
                                          ECL         Lifetime ECL        Lifetime ECL           POCI          Total
     Loans to customers that are
      individually assessed for
      impairment
     Grades: Low to fair risk               5,120                    -                 -             -        5,120
     Grade: Impaired                            -                    -             5,260             -        5,260
     Loans to customers that are
      collectively assessed for
      impairment                        5,442,684              86,251          479,992         23,136      6,032,063
     Total gross carrying amount       5,447,804               86,251         485,252          23,136     6,042,443
     Allowance for impairment losses      (77,521)             (22,378)       (193,759)         (2,185)    (295,843)
     Carrying amount as at
      31 December 2024                 5,370,283               63,873         291,493          20,951     5,746,600

                                        Stage 1         Stage 2             Stage 3
                                       12-month
                                          ECL         Lifetime ECL        Lifetime ECL           POCI          Total
     Loans to customers that are
      individually assessed for
      impairment
     Grades: Low to fair risk               4,172                    -                 -             -        4,172
     Grade: Impaired                            -                    -             4,428             -        4,428
     Loans to customers that are
      collectively assessed for
      impairment                        6,686,991             129,800          698,654          19,881     7,535,326
     Total gross carrying amount       6,691,163              129,800         703,082          19,881     7,543,926
     Allowance for impairment losses      (74,162)             (26,061)       (270,058)         (1,483)    (371,764)
     Carrying amount as at
      31 December 2025                 6,617,001              103,739         433,024          18,398     7,172,162

                                             Stage 1                 Stage 2             Stage 3
                                          12-month ECL            Lifetime ECL        Lifetime ECL             Total
     Due from banks
     High grade (A- and higher)                     36,464                     -                 -           36,464
     Investment grade (BBB+ - BBB-)                  1,328                     -                 -            1,328
     Investment grade (BB+ - B-)                       123                     -                 -              123
     Total gross carrying amount                  37,915                       -                 -          37,915
     Allowance for impairment losses                    (7)                    -                 -                (7)
     Carrying amount as at
      31 December 2024                            37,908                       -                 -          37,908




                                                                                                                  69
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

                                                Stage 1              Stage 2             Stage 3
                                             12-month ECL         Lifetime ECL        Lifetime ECL           Total
     Due from banks
     High grade (A- and higher)                       49,946                     -                  -       49,946
     Investment grade (BBB+ - BBB-)                      962                     -                  -          962
     Not rated                                         1,051                     -                  -        1,051
     Total gross carrying amount                      51,959                     -                -        51,959
     Allowance for impairment losses                      (8)                    -                  -           (8)
     Carrying amount as at
      31 December 2025                                51,951                     -                -        51,951

                                                Stage 1              Stage 2            Stage 3
                                             12-month ECL         Lifetime ECL       Lifetime ECL             Total
     Investment debt securities
     High grade (A- and higher)                      36,415                   -                   -          36,415
     Investment grade (BBB+ - BBB-)               1,373,391                   -                   -       1,373,391
     Non-Investment grade (BB+ - B-)                  4,957                   -                   -           4,957
     Not rated                                       70,614                 567               3,261          74,442
     Сarrying amount as at
      31 December 2024                           1,485,377                 567                3,261      1,489,205

                                                Stage 1              Stage 2           Stage 3
                                             12-month ECL         Lifetime ECL       Lifetime ECL             Total
     Investment debt securities
     High grade (A- and higher)                       243,391                 -                   -        243,391
     Investment grade (BBB+ - BBB-)                   867,166                 -                   -        867,166
     Non-Investment grade (BB+ - B-)                    2,395                 -                   -          2,395
     Not rated                                         37,624             3,663                 561         41,848
     Сarrying amount as at
      31 December 2025                           1,150,576               3,663                 561       1,154,800


     Financial assets, other than loans to customers and other financial assets, are graded
     according to their external credit ratings issued by an international rating agencies, such as
     Standard and Poor’s, Fitch and Moody’s Investors Services. The highest possible rating is AAA.

                                             A- and     BBB+ to                   CCC+ and      Not
                                             higher      BBB-        BB+ to B-      lower      rated         Total
     Gross carrying value
     31 December 2024
     Cash and cash equivalents, excluding
      cash on hand                            203,364      210,591       1,077         273       7,247     422,552
     Mandatory cash balances with NBRK              -       57,307           -           -           -      57,307
     Due from banks                            36,457        1,328           -           -         130      37,915
     Investment securities and derivatives     48,687    1,378,268       4,957           -      75,620   1,507,532
     31 December 2025
     Cash and cash equivalents, excluding
      cash on hand                            137,756      445,137     133,683            -      5,203     721,779
     Mandatory cash balances with NBRK              -      305,126           -            -          -     305,126
     Due from banks                            41,946          962       2,420            -      6,631      51,959
     Investment securities and derivatives    243,712      867,317      24,039            -     43,012   1,178,080

     As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, all loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts of
     the Group are classified in Stage 1 (12-month ECL) and have “low to fair” risk grade.




                                                                                                                70
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     Modified loans to customers

     As a result of the Group’s forbearance activities loans to customers might be modified.
     Modification doesn't lead to a material change in the net present value (“NPV”), therefore the
     Group doesn't recognise a modification gain/loss.The following tables refer to modified loans to
     customers where modification does not result in derecognition.

     Loans to customers (with allowance for impairment losses based on lifetime ECL) modified
     during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2025:

                                                                                  2024          2025
     Gross carrying amount of loans to customers that are impaired after
      modification but not NPL as at 1 January                                  68,029        80,012
     Gross carrying amount of modified loans to customers within period         157,179       201,556
     Loans to customers transferred to non impaired category (cured loans)      (92,276)     (121,395)
     Loans to customers transferred to NPL                                      (33,178)      (46,539)
     Repaid loans to customers                                                  (19,742)      (43,644)
     Gross carrying amount of loans to customers that are impaired after
      modification but not NPL as at 31 December                                80,012        69,990

     The net carrying amount of loans to customers at time of modification, that are modified
     during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2025 were KZT 117,763 million and
     KZT 160,156 million, respectively. The gross carrying amount of modified loans to customers
     for which the allowance for impairment losses changed from lifetime to 12-month ECL in the
     years ended 31 December 2024 and 2025 were KZT 38,744 million and KZT 101,774 million,
     respectively

     Macro sensitivity

     The Group has performed a sensitivity analysis on its loan portfolio. For the purpose of ECL
     estimation the Group assumes a scenario of a 1 percentage point shift of the nominal
     Exchange rate of USD and base rate KZT.

     A shift in the baseline nominal Exchange rate of USD by +/- 1 percentage point with respective
     correction of upside and downside scenarios lead to change in loss allowance amount by
     KZT -1,447/+1,407 million respectively.

     A shift in baseline Short-term interest rate by +/- 1 percentage point with respective correction
     of upside and downside scenarios lead to change in loss allowance amount by
     KZT -1,386/ +1,381 million respectively.

     Scenario for the nominal USD/KZT exchange rate:

     •     5.20% and 1.31% for years 2026 and 2027 respectively as the baseline scenario;
     •     1.57% and -2.31% for years 2026 and 2027 respectively as upside scenario;
     •     8.83% and 4.94% for years 2026 and 2027 respectively as downside scenario.




                                                                                                    71
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     Scenario for the base rate KZT:

     •     17.3% and 13.9% for years 2026 and 2027 respectively as the baseline scenario;
     •     16.41% and 13.01% for years 2026 and 2027 respectively as upside scenario;
     •     17.3% and 14.79% for years 2026 and 2027 respectively as downside scenario.


     Liquidity risk

     The liquidity management framework of the Group mainly consists of following instruments:

     -     Assessment of sufficient level of high quality liquid assets;
     -     Cash flow forecasting;
     -     Diversification of funding;
     -     Social media marketing;
     -     Up-to-date contingent funding plan.

     The liquidity risk is managed considering specific aspects of Kazakhstan economy, in particular
     limited funding instruments and possible dollarization due to currency devaluation
     expectations.

     The Group devotes great significance to social media marketing, to support the brand of the
     Group and mitigate various risks such as liquidity and reputational risks. The division of social
     media marketing covers mass media, social networks, blogs and other sources of information,
     available to current or potential customers.

     A major part of the Group’s obligations consists of customer accounts of individuals, with
     nominal maturity under 2 years. However, 92% of deposits in 2025 were rolled over, which
     absent a liquidity event such as a run on the bank, allows the Group to maintain a long-term
     stable funding base. The average amount of individuals’ customer accounts balance is
     KZT 1,296 thousand as at 31 December 2025, which is another indicator of diversification and
     stability of the funding base.

     The Group retains a significant amount of high quality liquid assets, which consists mainly of
     cash, deposits within NBRK, short-term and mid-term notes of NBRK and bonds issued by the
     Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Kazakhstan.

     Market risk

     Price Risk

     The Group's market risk arises from fluctuations in the value of financial instruments because
     of changes in market prices whether those changes are caused by factors specific to the
     individual instrument or factors affecting all instruments traded in the market. The Group has
     established various limits on operations with securities, including instrument specific limits, in
     order to balance profit and risk in the securities portfolio. The Group's portfolio is
     predominantly comprised of Kazakhstan government debt securities.




                                                                                                      72
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     Interest rate risk

     The contractual maturities of assets and liabilities of the Group has modest gaps, which
     provides possibilities of instant reactions on changes of market interest rates. The Group has
     significant amounts of high quality liquid assets with a short maturity which helps to minimize
     the sensitivity to a sharp increase of interest rates in case of a liquidity shortfall on the market.

     An analysis of the financial assets and liabilities liquidity and interest rate risks is presented in
     the following table on discounted basis:

                                            Up to    1 month to    3 months       1 year to       Over         2024
                                         1 month       3 months    to 1 year        5 years    5 years         Total
     Cash and cash equivalents            388,707             6             -             -          -       388,713
     Due from banks                         2,267         2,315        33,016           310          -        37,908
     Investment securities                153,419        81,250       358,229       627,589    268,718     1,489,205
     Loans to customers                   485,611       728,514     2,242,972     2,039,044    250,459     5,746,600
     Total interest bearing financial
       assets                            1,030,004      812,085     2,634,217     2,666,943    519,177     7,662,426
     Cash and cash equivalents            230,757             -             -             -           -     230,757
     Mandatory cash balances with
       National Bank of the Republic
       of Kazakhstan                       57,307             -            -             -           -       57,307
     Derivative financial assets            1,011         2,340        7,126         6,672           -       17,149
     Investment securities                    417             -            -             -          60          477
     Other financial assets                29,793             -            -             -           -       29,793
     Total non-interest bearing
       financial assets                   319,285         2,340        7,126         6,672          60      335,483
     Total financial assets             1,349,289      814,425     2,641,343     2,673,615    519,237     7,997,909
     Due to banks                          24,474             -             -            -           -        24,474
     Customer accounts                    672,334       970,692     3,738,339       46,994       5,776     5,434,135
     Debt securities issued                51,050             -             -            -           -        51,050
     Subordinated debt                      3,300             -        59,116            -           -        62,416
     Total interest bearing financial
      liabilities                         751,158       970,692     3,797,455       46,994       5,776     5,572,075
     Customer accounts                   1,127,815            -             -             -           -    1,127,815
     Trade liabilities                           -       22,454             -             -           -       22,454
     Derivative financial liabilities          133          129             -             -           -          262
     Other financial liabilities            18,992            -             -             -           -       18,992
     Total non-interest bearing
      financial liabilities              1,146,940       22,583             -             -           -    1,169,523
     Total financial liabilities        1,898,098      993,275     3,797,455       46,994        5,776    6,741,598
     Guarantees issued and similar
      commitments                             250           32           423         5,251            -       5,956
     Total financial liabilities and
      commitments                        1,898,348      993,307     3,797,878       52,245       5,776     6,747,554
     Liquidity surplus/(gap)             (549,059)     (178,882)   (1,156,535)    2,621,370    513,461
     Cumulative liquidity
       surplus/(gap)                     (549,059)     (727,941)   (1,884,476)     736,894    1,250,355
     Interest sensitivity
       surplus/(gap)                      278,846      (158,607)   (1,163,238)    2,619,949    513,401
     Cumulative interest sensitivity
       surplus/(gap)                      278,846       120,239    (1,042,999)    1,576,950   2,090,351




                                                                                                                 73
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

                                               Up to    1 month to     3 months       1 year to       Over        2025
                                            1 month       3 months     to 1 year        5 years    5 years        Total
      Cash and cash equivalents              706,448             -              -             -          -       706,448
      Due from banks                           2,135         1,930         47,886             -          -        51,951
      Investment securities                   54,601       270,644        177,690       500,541    151,325     1,154,801
      Loans to customers                     882,217       919,753      2,705,255     2,662,182      2,755     7,172,162
      Total interest bearing financial
        assets                              1,645,401    1,192,327      2,930,831     3,162,723    154,080     9,085,362
      Cash and cash equivalents              196,695              -             -             -           -     196,695
      Mandatory cash balances with
        National Bank of the Republic
        of Kazakhstan                        305,126             -              -             -          -      305,126
      Derivative financial assets             22,378         2,073              6             -         80       24,537
      Investment securities                      418             -              -             -         63          481
      Other financial assets                  57,019        40,406              -             -          -       97,425
      Total non-interest bearing
        financial assets                     581,636        42,479              6             -        143      624,264
      Total financial assets               2,227,037    1,234,806      2,930,837     3,162,723    154,223     9,709,626
      Due to banks                             15,712          471              -            -           -        16,183
      Customer accounts                     1,496,544    1,414,973      3,379,009       37,009       5,776     6,333,311
      Debt securities issued                        -            -          5,420      326,572           -       331,992
      Total interest bearing financial
       liabilities                          1,512,256    1,415,444      3,384,429      363,581       5,776     6,681,486
      Customer accounts                     1,197,975            -             -             -            -    1,197,975
      Trade liabilities                       255,758       84,530         6,113             -            -      346,401
      Derivative financial liabilities          1,010        1,747         4,302             -            -        7,059
      Other financial liabilities              39,485          373         4,773         9,224            -       53,855
      Total non-interest bearing
       financial liabilities                1,494,228       86,650        15,188         9,224            -    1,605,290
      Total financial liabilities          3,006,484    1,502,094      3,399,617      372,805        5,776    8,286,776
      Guarantees issued and similar
       commitments                                  -          218              -        5,055            -       5,273
      Total financial liabilities and
       commitments                          3,006,484    1,502,312      3,399,617      377,860       5,776     8,292,049
      Liquidity surplus/(gap)               (779,447)     (267,506)     (468,780)     2,784,863    148,447
      Cumulative liquidity
        surplus/(gap)                       (779,447)    (1,046,953)   (1,515,733)    1,269,130   1,417,577
      Interest sensitivity surplus/(gap)     133,145      (223,117)     (453,598)     2,799,142    148,304
      Cumulative interest sensitivity
        surplus/(gap)                        133,145       (89,972)     (543,570)     2,255,572   2,403,876


     As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, guarantee deposits in favour of international payments
     systems included in due from banks were KZT 37,782 million and KZT 43,940 million,
     respectively.

     Based on prior experience, the Group considers it highly unlikely that all customer accounts seek
     repayment on maturity. Historically the majority of such deposits are rolled over.

     Interest rate sensitivity analysis

     The Group manages fair value interest rate risk through periodic estimation of potential losses
     that could arise from adverse changes in market conditions. The Risk Management Department
     conducts monitoring of the Group’s current financial performance, estimates the Group’s
     sensitivity to changes in interest rates and its influence on the Group’s profitability.




                                                                                                                     74
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     The sensitivity analysis includes interest rate risk, which has been determined based on
     “reasonably possible changes in the risk variable”. The level of these changes is determined by
     management and is contained within the risk reports provided to key management personnel.

     As at 31 December 2025, the impact on profit before income tax due to a +/-3 p.p. change in
     interest rate amounted -/+ KZT Nil (2024: -+/- KZT Nil).

     As at 31 December 2025, the impact on equity due to a +/-3 p.p. change in interest rate
     amounted KZT -49,348 million /KZT+55,739 million (2024: KZT -74,854 million/
     KZT+85,862 million).

     Currency risk

     The Group manages its currency risk by keeping modest open currency position. The Group
     only issues loans to customers in tenge, which protects the Group from hidden currency risk in
     case of a currency devaluation.

     The Group’s exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk is presented in the table below:

                                                       USD          EUR
                                                    USD 1 =      EUR 1 =
                                                       KZT          KZT         Other          2024
                                          Tenge      525.11       546.74     currency          Total
     Non-derivative financial
      assets
     Total non-derivative financial
      assets                            7,552,496    388,027      25,336        14,899    7,980,758
     Non-derivative financial
      liabilities
     Total non-derivative financial
      liabilities                       6,153,015    579,664       6,247         2,673    6,741,599
     NET POSITION ON NON-
      DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL
      INSTRUMENTS                      1,399,481    (191,637)    19,089        12,226
     Derivative financial
      instruments
     Accounts payable on spot and
      derivative contracts              (251,281)     (95,760)    (59,595)      (2,709)     (409,345)
     Accounts receivable on spot and
      derivative contracts                69,674     316,929      43,192         1,340       431,135
     NET POSITION ON
      DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL
      INSTRUMENTS                      (181,607)    221,169      (16,403)      (1,369)       21,790
     NET POSITION                      1,217,874     29,532        2,686       10,857




                                                                                                    75
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

                                              USD          EUR         TRY
                                           USD 1 =      EUR 1 =     TRY 1 =
                                              KZT          KZT         KZT        Other        2025
                                  Tenge     505.53       593.44       11.80    currency        Total
     Non-derivative
      financial assets
     Total non-derivative
      financial assets         8,883,016    563,151      20,214     199,829      18,883    9,685,093
     Non-derivative
      financial liabilities
     Total non-derivative
      financial liabilities    7,060,636    903,121       9,884     310,435       2,861    8,286,937
     NET POSITION ON
      NON-DERIVATIVE
      FINANCIAL
      INSTRUMENTS             1,822,380    (339,970)    10,330     (110,606)    16,022
     Derivative financial
      instruments
     Accounts payable on
      spot and
      derivative contracts     (299,866)     (21,304)   (70,085)          -     (63,232)    (454,487)
     Accounts receivable on
      spot and
      derivative contracts       17,418     316,357      62,938         537      61,127      458,377
     NET POSITION ON
      DERIVATIVE
      FINANCIAL
      INSTRUMENTS             (282,448)    295,053       (7,147)       537      (2,105)       3,890
     NET POSITION             1,539,932     (44,917)     3,183     (110,069)    13,917

     Currency risk sensitivity analysis

     The Group analyzed sensitivity to an increase and decrease in the USD, EUR and TRY against
     the KZT. +/-25% is the sensitivity rate for USD, EUR and +25%/-50% is the sensitivity rate for
     TRY used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to key management personnel and
     represents management’s assessment of the possible change in foreign currency exchange
     rates. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated
     monetary items and adjusts their translation as at 31 December 2024 and 2025.

     As at 31 December 2025, the impact on profit or loss and on equity due to +/-25% change in
     USD rate were KZT +/-11,229 million (2024: KZT +/-7,383 million).

     As at 31 December 2025, the impact on profit or loss and on equity due to +/-25% change in
     EUR rate were KZT +/- 796 million (2024: KZT +/- 672 million).

     As at 31 December 2025, the impact on profit or loss and on equity due to +25% and -50%
     change in TRY rate were KZT -27,517 million and KZT +55,035 million, respectively
     (2024: KZT Nil).




                                                                                                  76
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

31. Condensed financial information - parent company only

     As described in Note 29, the Bank must comply with NBRK’s capital requirements. Further, the
     Bank cannot lend more than 10% of Bank’s total capital to the Company, which restricts the
     use of the Bank’s net assets.

     The Group performed a test on the restricted net assets of its bank subsidiary and concluded
     that the restricted net assets exceed 25% of the consolidated net assets of the Group
     as at 31 December 2024 and 2025.

     The following is condensed financial information for the Company.

     Condensed Statements of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income for the
     years ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025

                                                                               2023             2024             2025
     REVENUE                                                               602,138          776,807          775,668
     Dividend income from banking subsidiaries*                             283,352           285,206         223,535
     Dividend income from other subsidiaries*                               296,700           467,500         518,500
     Interest income                                                         22,324            22,707          23,151
     Marketing income                                                             -                 -          20,889
     Net (losses) gains on foreign exchange operations                         (238)            1,394         (10,454)
     Fees and commission income                                                   -                 -              47
     COSTS AND OPERATING EXPENSES                                          (24,544)          (20,826)        (36,826)
     General and administrative expenses                                    (24,528)          (20,810)        (20,242)
     Interest expense                                                             -                 -         (16,534)
     Fee and commission expense                                                 (16)              (16)            (32)
     Provision expenses                                                           -                 -             (18)
     NET INCOME BEFORE TAX                                                 577,594          755,981          738,842
     Income tax                                                               (3,705)          (4,058)          (2,966)
     NET INCOME                                                            573,889          751,923          735,876
     OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME                                                    -                 -                 34
     TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME                                            573,889          751,923          735,910

     * Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz directly holds 100% ownership interest in Kaspi Group JSC, the parent company of
     banking group and indirectly holds 98.95% ownership interest in Kaspi Bank JSC through Kaspi Group JSC. As
     allowed under IAS 27.10, the investment in banking subsidiaries and other subsidiaries were accounted for under
     the cost method. Using the equity method, the income in undistributed earnings of banking subsidiaries were
     KZT 8,607 million, KZT 11,030 million and KZT 15,721 million for 2023, 2024, and 2025, respectively, and the
     income in undistributed earnings of other subsidiaries were KZT 78,196 million, KZT 34,690 million and
     KZT 30,150 million for 2023, 2024, and 2025, respectively.




                                                                                                                  77
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     Condensed Statements of Financial Position as at 31 December 2024 and 2025

                                                                                            2024                2025
     ASSETS:
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                          324,993              506,361
     Investments in banking subsidiaries*                                               171,107              171,107
     Investments in other subsidiaries*                                                  39,103              703,818
     Investment securities and derivatives                                                    -              215,524
     Current income tax assets                                                                -                  143
     Other assets                                                                         1,352                2,026
     TOTAL ASSETS                                                                      536,555            1,598,979

     LIABILITIES:
     Debt securities issued                                                                    -             331,992
     Other liabilities                                                                       155               1,112
     TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                                      155             333,104
     EQUITY:
     Issued capital                                                                     130,144              130,144
     Treasury shares                                                                   (151,521)            (169,985)
     Revaluation reserve of financial assets                                                  -                   34
     Share-based compensation reserve                                                    31,777               27,938
     Retained earnings                                                                  526,000            1,277,744
     TOTAL EQUITY                                                                      536,400            1,265,875
     TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY                                                      536,555            1,598,979

     * Using the equity method, the investment in banking subsidiaries were KZT 221,293 million and
     KZT 233,595 million for 31 December 2024 and 2025, respectively, and the investment in other subsidiaries were
     KZT 204,620 million and KZT 869,386 million for 31 December 2024 and 2025, respectively.

     In accordance with NBRK regulations, dividends paid by the Bank to the Company are subject
     to certain limitations.




                                                                                                                      78
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     Condensed Statements of Cash Flows
     For the Years ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025

                                                                       2023         2024        2025
     CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
     Interest income received                                        18,991       19,303       23,577
     Interest paid                                                        -            -      (21,954)
     Fees and commissions received                                        -            -           47
     Fees and commissions paid                                          (16)         (16)         (32)
     Marketing income received                                           41            -       20,889
     General and administrative expenses paid                        (3,669)      (3,548)      (8,395)
     Cash flows from operating activities before changes in
      operating assets and liabilities                              15,347       15,739       14,132
     Changes in operating assets and liabilities
     Other assets                                                       426          (821)       (815)
     Other liabilities                                                   80           (14)        956
     Cash inflow from operating activities before income tax        15,853       14,904       14,273
     Income tax paid                                                   (539)        (587)      (2,966)
     Net cash inflow from operating activities                      15,314       14,317       11,307
     CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
     Dividends received from subsidiaries                           580,052      752,706      742,035
     Proceeds on disposal of financial assets at FVTOCI                   -            -      336,907
     Purchase of financial assets at FVTOCI                               -            -     (587,234)
     Acquisition of subsidiary, net of cash acquired                                         (552,834)
     Sale of investments in subsidiaries                                   -        5,000           -
     Purchase of investments in subsidiaries                                                  (33,721)
     Net cash (outflow)/inflow from investing activities           580,052      757,706      (94,847)
     CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
     Proceeds from issue of debt securities                                -            -    326,047
     Dividends paid                                                 (560,132)    (646,056)         -
     Purchase of treasury shares                                     (60,703)      (2,852)   (21,907)
     Net cash inflow/(outflow) from financing activities           (620,835)    (648,908)    304,140
     Effect of changes in foreign exchange rate on cash and cash
      equivalents                                                       (279)      1,394     (39,232)
     NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS            (25,748)    124,509     181,368
     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of period                226,232      200,484      324,993
     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of period                      200,484      324,993      506,361



32. Business combination

     On 29 January 2025, we completed strategic acquisition that is complementary to our business
     and operations, including opportunities that we believe can help us further improve growth
     across all our platforms and strong financial performance. The Group acquired 65.41% share
     in Hepsiburada.




                                                                                                   79
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

     The amounts recognised in respect of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed
     as at the date of acquisition are set out in the table below:

     ASSETS:
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                   43,962
     Financial assets at FVTPL                                                                    3,492
     Due from banks                                                                               1,924
     Loans to customers                                                                          11,104
     Property, equipment and intangible assets                                                  342,875
     Inventory                                                                                  101,431
     Other assets                                                                                78,882
     TOTAL ASSETS                                                                              583,670
     Due to banks                                                                                15,685
     Trade liabilities                                                                          207,877
     Other liabilities                                                                          112,245
     TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                                         335,807
     Total identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed                                247,863

     The non-controlling interest recognised at the acquisition date was measured as a
     proportionate share of the identifiable net assets and amounted to KZT 85,736 million.

     Goodwill on acquisition

     Total consideration                                                                        582,444
     Plus: Non-controlling interests                                                             85,736
     Less: Fair value of identifiable net assets acquired                                      (247,863)
     Foreign exchange translation differences                                                      1,908
     Goodwill on acquisition                                                                   422,225


     The goodwill on acquisition is primarily related to sales growth from future product and service
     offerings, new customers and expected synergies from the combination. None of the goodwill
     is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes.

     The measurement period adjustments are incorporated into the business combination
     accounting. Intangible assets, represented by trademark and customer base, acquired in a
     business combination are recognised initially at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is
     regarded as their cost) and have definite useful life. The useful life of the trademark is
     determined by the estimated period over which customer loyalty and marketing support are
     expected to generate economic benefits, useful life can be extended upon the execution of
     specific brand development initiatives and identifiable capital investments that demonstrably
     enhance the asset’s economic life. Carrying value of trademark and customer base
     as at the acquisition date is KZT 225,130 million and KZT 33,634 million, respectively. The
     measurement period adjustments resulted in a corresponding increase of deferred tax liabilities
     amounted to KZT 64,691 million, increase of non-controlling interest amounted to
     KZT 67,287 million and decrease of goodwill amounted to KZT 126,786 million.

     The acquired business contributed revenues of KZT 1,036,582 million and net loss of
     KZT 68,034 million to the Group for the period from 29 January 2025 to 31 December 2025.
     If the acquisition had occurred on 1 January 2025, consolidated pro-forma revenue and net
     loss for the period ended 31 December 2025 would have been KZT 1,115,710 million and
     KZT 67,250 million, respectively.



                                                                                                     80
Joint Stock Company Kaspi.kz
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
For the Years Ended 31 December 2023, 2024, and 2025
(in millions of KZT)

33. Subsequent events

     On 5 January 2026, the Group entered into a stock purchase agreement of
     32,885,686 ordinary shares of Hepsiburada for USD 97 million. At the date of authorization of
     these consolidated financial statements, the Group holds 85.17% of the voting rights in
     Hepsiburada.

     On 27 February 2026, the 7th buy-back program, which was approved in November 2025 in
     the amount of up to USD 100 million, was completed. A total of 1,297,131 ADSs for
     KZT 50,274 million were repurchased.

     On 27 February 2026, the Board of Directors of the Company proposed a dividend of
     KZT 850 per share, subject to shareholder approval.




                                                                                                 81
