                         Kaspi.kz First Quarter 2023 Financial Results

Almaty, Kazakhstan, 24 April 2023 – JSC Kaspi.kz (“Kaspi.kz”, “we”, or the “Company”) which
operates the Kaspi.kz and Kaspi Pay Super Apps, today publishes its unaudited consolidated IFRS
financial results for the quarter ending 31 March 2023.

First quarter 2023 highlights

      Average monthly transactions per active consumer up 20% year-over-year to 64.
      To drive transactions even higher, over the last three years we have prioritised onboarding
       as many merchants, as rapidly as possible. Now our focus is evolving as we aim to increase
       transaction intensity between consumers and merchants. RTPV transactions increased 56%
       year-over-year and Total GMV purchases increased 71%.
      e-Grocery, in partnership with Magnum, is seeing strong momentum and extremely positive
       consumer feedback.
            o e-Grocery GMV up 5.7x, purchases up 4.3x and consumers up 5.5x year-over-year.
            o Plan to invest around KZT20-25 billion per annum over the next 3 years, on track and
               unchanged.
      Kaspi B2B Payments continues to prove itself as a transformative payments proposition for
       merchants and their suppliers, with RTPV transactions up 2.5x year-over-year. B2B Payments
       can be the start of a long list of innovative B2B services.
      The breadth and depth of Marketplace’s product proposition significantly enhanced.
            o e-Commerce SKUs up 2.0x year-over-year to 3.1 million.
            o International package holidays now available on Kaspi Travel.
      We continue to scale Kaspi Smart Logistics Platform, with total orders delivered up 232%
       year- over-year to 7.7 million.
            o 92% of deliveries free for the consumer.
            o 49% of orders delivered in ≤2 days.
            o 3,980 Kaspi Postomats operational in March 2023 across 102 towns & cities,
               accounting for 37% of orders delivered. Around 6,000 lockers planned by end-2023.
      First quarter 2023 financials strong, with consolidated Kaspi.kz revenue up 53% and adj. net
       income up 52% year-over-year.
      60% of first quarter 2023 adj. net income from our Payments and Marketplace Platforms.
       Share of contribution from Fintech Platform will keep reducing.
      Preparation for a US listing commenced, subject to market conditions.
      Long-term capital allocation policy unchanged.
            o GDR repurchase program of up to $100 million launched in March.
            o Based on our first quarter 2023 results, our Board of Directors has proposed a
               dividend of KZT750/GDR, subject to shareholder approval.
      At our full-year 2022 financial results in February, we provided detailed 2023 KPIs and
       financial guidance. Since then, trading has remained strong. As previously flagged, we
       continue to expect year-over-year growth to be 1H and especially 1Q weighted for
       Marketplace GMV and Fintech TFV, with significantly higher funding costs and ongoing
       macro volatility likely to remain themes. Notwithstanding, we expect to once again deliver
       good operating and financial results in 2023.




                                                                                                  1
To the shareholders of Kaspi.kz:

I’m pleased to report that 2023 has got off to a great start. Our consumers and merchants are
transacting more and more with us, resulting in strong top-line momentum across all our
platforms. However, as you know we’ve never just been a top-line growth story and our Super
App business model is designed to ensure as much growth and revenue as possible drops
through to the bottom-line. First quarter 2023 adj. net income growth of 52% year-over-year,
isn’t too bad in this regard.

In every update since our IPO, I’ve told you that growing our merchant base is our top strategic
priority and I think we’ve delivered. In first quarter of 2023, the number of merchants increased
75% year-over-year to over 500k. This is a remarkable achievement by our team, keeping in mind
that we had around 30k merchants just three years ago. In 2023 and beyond we still expect
strong growth in new merchants, but now our focus and priority N1 is to grow transactions
between consumers and merchants. You can see that this is already happening, with Total GMV
and RTPV transactions up 71% and 56% year-over-year respectively and monthly transactions
per consumer hitting 64 in the first quarter. Our consumers transact through us 2x per day on
average, which is best-in-class by global standards and testament to the relevance of our
products to the consumers and merchants who use them.

With a large and engaged user base in place, higher transaction intensity is a function of having
a broad and growing suite of top-quality, highly relevant, consumer and merchant products. At
our full-year 2022 results, we provided cohort analysis, that showed all users, both old and new,
are showing no signs of slowing when it comes to transacting on our core Payments and
Marketplace Platforms. With new product development extending the role we play, we think
growth will remain rapid for many more years to come.

e-Grocery is a great example of this. During the first quarter of 2023, e-Grocery transactions
increased 4.3x year-over-year to almost 1 million. Currently we operate 3 dark stores in Almaty
and Astana, with plans to add another 2 later this year. We keep fine-tuning e-Grocery’s
customer proposition and operating business model and as we go into 2024, we’ll gradually start
to open more dark stores, in more cities. Our team knows how to execute and our partner
Magnum gives us the best food retail expertise in Kazakhstan. Together we see a lot of potential
to create value and as always our goal is not just growth at any cost, but to build a leading and
profitable e-grocery business, that is loved by our consumers.

Other early-stage products that will grow in importance over the next few years include
advertising, a raft of services by Kaspi Delivery, B2B Payments, Kaspi Classifieds and SME
financing. All these products are ultimately aimed at driving more transactions and address large
market opportunities, that remain underdeveloped. We will also continue to launch new services
and our product pipeline in 2023 and beyond looks good.

At our full-year 2022 financial results just 2 months ago, we provided detailed 2023 KPIs and
financial guidance. Even considering significantly higher funding costs and ongoing macro
volatility, we continue to expect strong and profitable growth. All in all, we remain on track to
deliver a good 2023 and are upbeat about our mid-term growth prospects.

At our last update, I said that nothing has changed in terms of our long-term approach to the
allocation of capital. Investing in our growth, be it organic or via M&A is always the first use for
the cash we generate. However, if we have excess capital we will return it to our shareholders.
Here too, the numbers speak for themselves, as we approach a near 3-year track record of
                                                                                                       2
returning substantial amounts of capital. Following the first quarter of 2023, our Board of
Directors and subject to shareholder approval, has approved a dividend equivalent to
KZT750/GDR. We also continue to buyback our own GDRs and in March launched a new up to
$100 million buyback program.

Our commitment to ensuring Kaspi.kz is listed on the most appropriate exchange also remains
unchanged. External factors made this impossible last year but higher capital market activity so
far this year is encouraging.

Kaspi.kz is at the forefront of the new digital revolution, redefined by Super Apps. The
combination of our scale with consumers and merchants, reinforced by our Super App strategy,
puts us in a completely unique position. With the multi-year structural growth opportunity
offered by digitalisation in Kazakhstan and the neighbouring region amongst the most attractive
of anywhere globally, we thoroughly intend to capture it.

Finally I would like to thank our team for their incredible execution and dedication to our
customers. To our long-term shareholders, thank you for your ongoing trust and support.

Mikheil Lomtadze
Kaspi.kz CEO and co-founder




                                                                                                   3
1Q 2023 highlights
Strong top & bottom-line growth

          Payments                                                         Marketplace                                                                    Fintech

         +62% YoY                                                             +77% YoY                                                            +76% YoY              Consolidated
                      RTPV                                                           GMV 3P(3)                                                                   TFV



          +59% YoY                                                            +97% YoY                                                            +35% YoY               +53% YoY
                   Revenue                                                             Revenue                                                              Revenue       Revenue(2)



          +67% YoY                                                         +104% YoY                                                              +24% YoY               +52% YoY
             Net Income(1)                                                       Net Income(1)                                                       Net Income(1)       Net Income(1)


                                       KZT 750/GDR dividend recommended, subject to shareholder approval
                                           Up to $100 million GDR buyback program launched in March

Source   Company data
Notes    1. Adjusted for Share-based Compensation expenses                                                                                                                               2
         2. Revenue adjusted for presentation of Rewards in Sales & Marketing expenses
         3. 3P GMV is our customary Marketplace GMV definition - Value of goods and services sold by merchants on a third-party basis across our Marketplace Platform




                                                                                                                                                                                             4
Kaspi.kz 1Q 2023 Engagement Highlights
RTPV transactions up 56%, Total GMV purchases up 71% YoY & 64 transactions per
consumer/month

Kaspi.kz’s Super App is Kazakhstan’s most popular Super App and gives our Payments, Marketplace,
Fintech and e-Grocery Platforms unrivalled competitive advantages. During the first quarter of 2023,
Super App transaction levels once again hit all-time highs.

Increased adoption of our existing products by merchants and consumers, along with a growing
range of new products facilitates higher transactions across more areas of household’s spending and
merchant’s business activity. Average monthly transactions per active consumer, increased 20%
year-over-year to 64, during the first quarter of 2023.




To drive transactions higher, over the last three years we prioritised onboarding as many merchants,
as rapidly as possible. In 2023 we still expect strong growth in new merchants, but our focus now is
to grow the number of transactions between consumers and merchants.

We design high quality digital products to grow and monetize transaction volumes. During the first
quarter of 2023, RTPV transactions increased 56% year-over-year and Total GMV purchases
including e-Grocery increased 71%. Fast growth in monetized transactions, despite economic
volatility, illustrates just how relevant our products are to our customers.

Kaspi Pay and m-Commerce are the basis of our day-to-day relationship with merchants. Going
forward, we will grow earlier stage merchant services including e-Commerce, B2B Payments, Kaspi
Marketing, Kaspi Delivery and financing for merchants and SMEs. These products all help our
merchants invest in their business, reach new customers, increase their sales and ensure we remain
their digital partner of choice. The growth opportunity ahead is substantial and as initiatives
gradually scale, we will of course provide more detail.
                                                                                                     5
P2P, Bill Payments, BNPL, Kaspi QR and GovTech are fundamental to high day-to-day consumer
engagement. Going forward, we will grow less mature services including e-Commerce & Kaspi
Postomats, Kaspi Travel’s full range of products, e-Grocery and Kaspi Classifieds. These services help
our consumers discover the products they need, at the best possible prices, from local merchants,
with free delivery, saving time and money. With consumer penetration across our full range of Super
App services still low, here too the opportunity ahead remains significant.

From start-up in Almaty less than two year ago, we now plan to roll out Kaspi e-Grocery nationwide.
With an innovative, high-quality digital offering, we believe we can transform the food shopping
experience in Kazakhstan. This is a sizeable opportunity and exciting joint project with Magnum,
Kazakhstan’s leading food retailer. As e-Grocery scales, it will mean higher Super App engagement,
faster financial growth and further value creation for our shareholders.

During the first quarter of 2023, e-Grocery purchases increased 4.3x year-over-year, with the
number of consumers up 5.5x. We now account for e-Grocery as a stand-alone business segment, no
longer part of Marketplace and for the first time have disclosed e-Grocery’s income statement.




    e-Grocery GMV +5.7x, purchases +4.3x & consumers +5.5x YoY
    e-Grocery is early stage in Kazakhstan. Massive opportunity for us to create value

                                                                                                        5.7X



    e-Grocery(1)
                                                                                                                                                         12.4B
                                                                                                                                  8.8B
    GMV
                                                                               3.2B                      5.2B
    KZT                                              2.2B


                                                                                                         4.3X


    e-Grocery
                                                                                                                                                             965K
                                                                                                                                 668K
    # of purchases(1)(2)                             224K                     265K                      416K



                                                                                                         5.5X


                                                                                                                                  243K
                                                                                                                                                             307K
    Active
    consumers(1)                                       56K                      88K                     124K
                                                     1Q’22                     2Q’22                     3Q’22                     4Q’22                     1Q’23



    Source   Company data
    Notes    1. 2022 and Jan’23 numbers include e-Grocery GMV as 3P (that was part of e-commerce), Feb’23 and Mar’23 include (KZT 9bn) e-Grocery GMV as 1P           5
             2. Number of orders




Our previously announced plan to invest around KZT20-25 billion per annum over the next 3 years,
on track and unchanged.




                                                                                                                                                                         6
Kaspi B2B Payments, which was born out of Bill Payments and P2P, is an example of how we can
grow transactions by targeting completely new types of customers, in this case wholesalers,
distributors and manufacturers.

Number of B2B Payments transactions increased 2.5x year-over-year, during the first quarter of
2023 and with this product still in its early days, we expect B2B Payments to keep growing fast. In
the medium- term, B2B Payments can be the start of a long list of innovative B2B services.




We started to roll out Kaspi Postomats in late-2021 and had 3,980 lockers by the end of March 2023.
These lockers are installed in 102 towns and cities and accounted for 37% of e-Commerce deliveries.
Postomats increase the share of successful 1st time deliveries, lower the cost of last-mile-delivery
and will help us protect Marketplace’s long-term profitability.

Postomats are also a key part of our plan to make commerce in Kazakhstan more environmentally
sustainable, by dramatically reducing distance driven by couriers. With consumer feedback
extremely positive, we’re now planning for around 6,000 Postomats by the end of this year.




                                                                                                      7
    Kaspi Postomats already account for 37% of deliveries
    Kaspi Postomats are popular with consumers & merchants. Over 6,000 by end-2023


    Share(1) in
                                                      6%                        12%                         19%                         31%     37%
    deliveries


                                                                                                      +328%



                                                                                                                                       3,348
                                                                                                                                               3,980
                                                                                                        3,026
                                                                             1,684
    # of Postomats                                  929


                                                                                                          30X



                                                                                                                                               2.7M
                                                                                                                                       2.2M

    # of Postomat
                                                                                                         0.8M
    deliveries                                    0.1M                        0.3M
                                                  1Q’22                       2Q’22                       3Q’22                        4Q’22   1Q’23



    Source   Company data
    Notes    1. Share of Postomats in deliveries is calculated for a group of 102 cities/ towns where Postomats have been installed.                   7




As always, we will continue to launch new services and our product pipeline in 2023 and beyond is
as exciting as ever.

Kaspi.kz 1Q 2023 Financial Highlights
Strong top & equally strong bottom-line
Revenue up 53% and adj. net income up 52% YoY

During the first quarter of 2023, total revenue increased 53% year-over-year to KZT404 billion.

Our Payments Platform delivered fast and consistent top-line growth, due to the ongoing success of
Kaspi Pay and Kaspi B2B Payments. In Marketplace, we prioritised expanding SKUs, free consumer
delivery and the rollout of Kaspi Postomats. Kaspi Travel’s GMV growth remained additive to
Marketplace growth. Faster TFV origination in the second half of 2022, translated into robust Fintech
revenue growth in the first quarter of 2023, even with lower yield year-over-year.

During the first quarter of 2023, adj. net income increased 52% year-over-year to KZT178 billion. Adj.
net income profitability of 44% was broadly stable year-over-year.

We continued to benefit from Payments Platform’s operational gearing. Marketplace profitability
increased year-over-year, despite ongoing investment in free consumer delivery. In Fintech, the
combination of yield reduction and significantly higher funding costs lowered profitability, partially
mitigated by lower provisioning and tight control of operating costs. Higher funding costs did
however help us attract substantial deposit inflows, with average Kaspi Deposit balances up 45%
year-over-year. An enlarged deposit base will allow us to fund higher TFV over the medium-term and
with the decline in Fintech profitability cyclical, not structural, as interest rates normalise Fintech
profitability will recover.



                                                                                                                                                           8
Our faster growing and higher margin Payments and Marketplace Platforms continued to deliver
strong bottom-line growth, accounting for 60% of adj. net income, up from 51% in the same period
in 2022. In 2023, we expect the contribution to net income from our Payments and Marketplace
Platforms to increase again year-over-year.

Our cash generation capacity remains as strong as ever. As a result, our Board of Directors has
proposed, subject to shareholder approval, a first quarter 2023 dividend of KZT750/GDR. In addition,
in March we commenced a new GDR buyback program of up to $100mn.

Payments Platform
Strong top-line & even faster bottom-line growth
RTPV up 62%, revenue up 59% and adj. net income up 67% YoY

Our Payments Platform offers a highly convenient way to shop, pay bills and make peer-to-peer
payments using the Kaspi.kz Super App. As has been the case globally, in Kazakhstan there has been
a huge shift to mobile payments, with consumers demanding a seamless digital experience, no
matter where they shop. Kaspi Pay is our response to help merchants exceed their customers’
expectations and with Kaspi B2B Payments we are now digitalising supplier payments.

Payments Platform products are also amongst our most important tools to increase engagement.
We continue adding new opportunities to spend and pay, which is a function of new merchants and
product development.

We have prioritised growth in Payments Platform merchants over the last three years. Merchant
growth was up 75% year-over-year in the first quarter of 2023 and is expected to remain strong for
the remainder of this year. However, our focus now is transaction intensity and during the period,
number of Payments Platform revenue generating transactions increased 56% year-over-year. As
merchants shift more of their volumes to us, Revenue Generating TPV (RTPV) will keep growing at a
fast rate.

With a large and diverse merchant base, consumer growth remained robust. Payments Platform
active consumers increased 16% year-over-year, reaching 11.7 million, in the first quarter of 2023.

During the first quarter of 2023, RTPV increased 62% year-over-year to KZT5.8 trillion. Over the same
period, Total Payment Value (TPV) increased 50%. RTPV continues to grow significantly faster than
TPV due to our success rolling out Kaspi Pay, B2B Payments and the ongoing popularity of Bill
Payments.

Over the last year, Kaspi B2B Payments has emerged as a fast-growing component of our RTPV. Our
B2B Payments proposition connects small merchants with wholesalers, distributors and
manufacturers, allowing invoices to be settled instantly and conveniently. During the first quarter of
2023, B2B Payments RTPV increased 3.1x year-over-year to KZT196 billion and accounts now for 3%
of RTPV. We expect B2B Payments to continue growing significantly faster than Payments RTPV in
2023.

Average interest free balances increased 6% year-over-year in the first quarter of 2023 to KZT678
billion. More modest growth in balances, in part is due to retail disruption and temporarily high
balances in the first quarter last year, along with the increased attractiveness of interest bearing
Kaspi Deposit accounts. In the second quarter of 2023, we expect higher year-over-year growth in
average interest free balances.



                                                                                                       9
During the first quarter of 2023, Payments Platform revenue increased 59% year-over-year to reach
KZT101 billion. Take-rate during the same period was stable at 1.2%. Take-rate slightly above our
full-year 2023 guidance of around 1.1% guidance, is a function of timing and as Kaspi Pay and B2B
Payments keeping growing their share of RTPV, take-rate should gradually move down to around
1.1%.

Payments Platform adj. net income increased 67% year-over-year to KZT66 billion, with net income
profitability of 65.1% compared to 62.0% in the first quarter of 2022. Payments Platform profitability
continues to benefit from the elimination of third-party costs, our proprietary payments network’s
operational gearing and tight cost control.

In 2023 we continue to expect Payments Platform to deliver RTPV growth of around 35% year-over-
year, with growth weighted towards the first half of the year. Average current account balances are
expected to increase 15%. Take rate will be around 1.1%. With Payment Platform’s inherent
operational gearing unchanged, adj. net income profitability is expected to be in the mid-60% range.

Looking into the medium-term, Payments Platform cohort analysis continues to show strong growth
across every consumer cohort. Existing consumers keep spending more with us and as we add more
opportunities to transact, fast growth can be sustained. Kaspi B2B Payments increases our
addressable market further. We will stay disciplined on costs, ensuring strong top-line trends, drop
through to the bottom-line. As a result, we remain extremely positive about the growth outlook for
Payments Platform in 2023 and beyond.

Marketplace Platform
Strong and accelerating GMV & revenue growth. Faster bottom-line growth
GMV up 77%, revenue up 97% and adj. net income up 104% YoY

Our Marketplace Platform connects merchants with consumers and puts us front and centre of their
purchasing decisions. Merchants can reach around 12.8 million consumers and consumers can find a
wide selection of products and services, at the best possible prices. Kaspi Marketplace champions
domestic Kazakh brands and merchants.

m-Commerce is our mobile solution for shopping in person, while consumers can use e-Commerce
to shop anywhere, any time with free delivery. Kaspi Travel allows consumers to book domestic and
international flights, rail tickets and overseas package holidays. Marketplace and e-Grocery offer a
unified digital experience, irrespective of online or offline and are relevant across practically all areas
of consumer spending.

Just as with our Payments Platform, the expansion of our Marketplace merchant base has been an
important focus. Now we’re prioritising growth in transactions and during the first quarter of 2023,
Marketplace purchases increased 67% year-over-year. When combined with e-Grocery, purchases
increased 71% year-over-year.

With the attractiveness of Marketplace’s consumer proposition continuing to increase, growth in
consumers was strong, up 27% year-over-year to 6.4 million.

Marketplace GMV momentum accelerated again, up 77% year-over-year with GMV reaching KZT756
billion in the first quarter of 2023.

m-Commerce continues to deliver excellent results. During the first quarter of 2023 purchases
increased 46% year-over-year. In early 2022 we scaled back promotional activity, but the
combination of normal levels of promo and growth in retail trade led to a substantial increase in

                                                                                                        10
average ticket-size year-over-year. As a result, GMV increased 75%, a considerably faster rate than
purchases and reached KZT435 billion. Normalised promotional activity resulted in m-Commerce’s
take-rate increasing to 8.0% from 7.4% over the same period.

In the first quarter of 2023, e-Commerce demand was extremely strong with orders up 216% year-
over-year. GMV increased 79% year-over-year to KZT254 billion, marking the fourth consecutive
quarter of accelerating GMV growth momentum. GMV growth below order growth, reflects our
ongoing efforts to expand the breadth and depth of everyday items at lower price points, in order to
enhance Marketplace’s long-term competitive position. E-commerce SKUs increased 2.0x year-over-
year to 3.1 million. As with m-Commerce, normalised promo, combined with ongoing initial
monetization of Kaspi Delivery and Kaspi Advertising resulted in e-Commerce’s take-rate increasing
to 10.2% from 8.7% over the same period.

Our investment in free nationwide delivery for consumers is helping us attract new e-commerce
consumers and merchants and gives Marketplace another long-term competitive advantage. In the
first quarter of 2023, orders delivered increased 232% year-over-year. Higher delivery volumes
enable us to reduce the unit cost of delivery, making it easier and more profitable for our merchants
to sell throughout Kazakhstan. Delivery now accounts for 96% of orders, was free for the consumer
on 92% of orders, with 49% of orders delivered within 48 hours.

We started to roll out Kaspi Postomat in late-2021 and had 3,980 lockers by the end of March 2023.
These lockers are installed in 102 towns and cities and accounted for 37% of e-Commerce deliveries,
during the first quarter of 2023. Postomats increase the share of successful 1st time deliveries, lower
the cost of last-mile-delivery and will help us protect Marketplace’s long-term profitability. Given
positive customer feedback we’re now planning for around 6,000 Postomats by the end of this year.

Kaspi Travel’s GMV increased 84% year-over-year to KZT68 billion during the first quarter of 2023,
with ticket sales up 54% to 3.2 million. Over the same period, take-rate increased by 60bps year-
over-year to 4.1%, due to the growing share of higher take-rate rail bookings. Travel’s GMV now
accounts for 9% of Marketplace GMV, which is impressive scale in just over two years and we have
just added international package holidays. For the remainder of this year Travel’s fast growth should
be additive to Marketplace GMV growth. The addition of package holidays is expected to be take-
rate enhancing over the medium-term.

Marketplace take-rate increased to 8.4% from 7.5% in the first quarter of 2022. As a result,
Marketplace revenue grew faster than GMV and was up 97% year-over-year to KZT64 billion. Take-
rate will vary from quarter-to-quarter due to the timing of promotional events and higher take-rate
year-over-year in the first quarter of 2023, should not be extrapolated given very low levels of
promotional activity in the first quarter last year. For the remainder of the year increased
monetization of Kaspi Delivery and Kaspi Advertising will contribute positively but take-rate dilution
from Kaspi Travel will partially offset this and for full-year 2023 we continue to expect a Marketplace
take-rate of around 8.5%.

During the first quarter of 2023, Marketplace Platform adj. net income reached KZT41 billion,
representing a 104% increase year-over-year. Net income profitability was 63.8% up from 61.5% in
the same period in 2022, with increased investment in free consumer delivery fully offset by tight
control of sales and marketing costs, as well as technology and product development costs.

In 2023 we continue to expect Marketplace Platform to deliver GMV growth of around 35% year-
over-year. As with our Payments Platform, growth will be weighted to the first half of the year and in
the case of Marketplace this is especially true of the first quarter. Items sold will continue growing
faster than GMV. However, as new lower ticket categories grow in share, faster GMV growth is

                                                                                                      11
coming through and we expect e-Commerce GMV growth to be faster this year than in 2022. Take-
rate is expected to increase year-over-year to around 8.5%, which reflects faster growth from high
take-rate e-Commerce, which in part is due to higher monetisation of Kaspi Marketing and Kaspi
Delivery, partially offset by Kaspi Travel’s higher share of GMV. Adj. net income profitability is
expected to be around 60%, despite ongoing investments in free consumer delivery.

Looking into the medium-term, as with our Payments Platform, Marketplace Platform cohort
analysis continues to show strong growth across every consumer cohort. Enhanced shopping
categories lead to more transactions per consumer and help us attract new consumers. Having
substantially grown our Marketplace merchant base over the last two years, our focus will pivot to
helping existing merchants sell more. Earlier-stage initiatives like Kaspi Marketing, Kaspi Delivery and
SME financing are a big part of this and should ensure strong growth from Marketplace Platform in
2023 and beyond.

Fintech Platform
TFV origination growing fast YoY, healthy CoR trends & strong deposit base growth
TFV up 76% & deposits up 45% YoY and 1.7% credit CoR in 1Q23

Our Fintech Platform is fundamentally integrated into our Payments and Marketplace Platforms. The
short-term nature of all our financing and more specifically Buy-Now-Pay-Later (BNPL) products,
allow us to quickly ramp-up or scale back origination as we observe changes in transaction activity.
Kaspi Deposit accounts fund our origination and the attractiveness of our full range of Super App
services, allows us to ensure our funding is sufficient to meet origination and transaction demand.

In the first half of last year and especially the first quarter, we took a cautious approach to Total
Finance Value (TFV) origination. In 2023 year-over-year growth is therefore expected to be first half
weighted. During the first quarter of 2023, TFV increased 76% year-over-year, to reach KZT1.5
trillion. We finished the quarter with 5.7 million loan consumers, up 15% year-over-year.

Low risk, small ticket, short duration Buy-Now-Pay-Later (BNPL) loans accounted for 43% of TFV in
the first quarter of 2023, making them our most important Fintech Platform product. With Kaspi
Juma scheduled to take place in both the third and fourth quarters, we expect the share of BNPL to
step up again in the second half of the year. Our Merchant Finance products are our fastest growing
lending product and accounted for 14% of TFV in the first quarter of 2023, up from 10% in the same
period last year. We expect lending to merchants to continue growing at a faster rate than TFV in
2023.

Our average net loan portfolio increased by 32% year-over-year, to KZT3.2 trillion during the first
quarter of 2023. Our deposit base has seen substantial growth since the second half of last year and
in the first quarter of 2023, average savings increased by 45% year-over-year to KZT4.0 trillion.
Deposit consumers increased 35% to 4.0 million. Following strong growth in deposit consumers and
deposit inflows, our loan to deposit ratio fell to 79% in the first quarter of 2023, from 88% in same
period in 2022 and was stable compared with the fourth quarter of 2022.

During 2022 we raised Kaspi Deposit rates and higher funding costs are resulting in lower near-term
Fintech profitability. However, more deposit consumers and an enlarged funding base, will enable us
to drive faster origination and more transactions over the medium-term. Hence, we expect our loan
to deposit ratio to gradually move up again over the medium-term.

Portfolio conversion of 2.1x in the first quarter of 2023, is in line with trends over the last year,
reflecting ongoing high early repayments levels and is indicative of financially healthy consumers


                                                                                                        12
borrowing, transacting and repaying quickly. With no deterioration in consumer credit quality, we
expect to continue benefiting from rapid portfolio conversion in 2023.

Fintech yield was 25.3% during the first quarter of 2023, reflecting the growing share of lower
yielding BNPL and Merchant Finance loans and consistent with our full-year 2023 guidance of around
25%.

During the first quarter of 2023, our underlying credit cost of risk was 1.7%, with credit quality
strong and consistent with trends seen over the last year. Low credit cost of risk in part reflects the
low-risk nature of our products, especially BNPL. Our NPL ratio of 6.5%, up from 6.3% at the end of
2022 reflects normal seasonality and is expected to moderate in the second half of the year.

Fintech Platform revenue increased by 35% year-over-year to reach KZT231 billion, during the first
quarter of 2023. Fintech revenue growth is benefitting from higher origination in the second half of
2022, partially offset by lower yielding BNPL but remains generally robust.

In the first quarter of 2023, Fintech Platform’s adj. net income increased by 24% year- over- year to
reach net income of KZT71 billion. Adj. net income margin of 30.9% compares with 33.8% in the first
quarter of 2022. Declining profitability mainly resulted from higher year- over-year funding costs,
with interest expense up 103% year-over-year. However, higher funding costs were partially offset
by lower provisioning and lower sales and marketing, which declined by 37% and 18% year-over-year
respectively. When interest rates normalise, we’d expect newly acquired customers to stay with us,
resulting in Fintech margins recovering.

We expect TFV year-over-year growth to remain elevated during the first half of 2023 and for the
full-year to increase around 35% year-over-year. Although we will continue to prioritise our BNPL
product, we also expect Kaspi Business merchant and SME financing products to keep scaling rapidly.
BNPL integrated with Kaspi Travel is also expected to see strong growth, especially as package
holidays gather momentum. Changing product mix is reflected in our yield guidance of around 25%.
With consumer credit quality high, portfolio conversion and cost of risk trends are expected to be
broadly similar to 2022. Fintech adj.net income profitability of around 30%, primarily reflects the
near-term impact of higher funding costs.

Looking beyond 2023, our Fintech Platform remains extremely well positioned, as evidenced by
ongoing growth in loan and deposit customers, as well as deposit inflows. Structural top-line growth
will be driven by BNPL as well as merchant and SME financing, which is underpenetrated in
Kazakhstan. Bottom-line growth will benefit through-the-cycle, from normalising funding costs and
we see further potential to improve our risk management capabilities, which all combined points to
a robust top and bottom-line mid-term outlook for Fintech.




                                                                                                      13
Guidance for full-year 2023

At our full-year 2022 financial results in February, we provided detailed 2023 KPIs and financial
guidance. Since then, trading has remained strong. As previously flagged, we continue to expect
year-over-year growth to be 1H and especially 1Q weighted for Marketplace GMV and Fintech TFV,
with significantly higher funding costs and ongoing macro volatility likely to remain themes.
Notwithstanding, we expect Kaspi.kz to once again deliver good operating and financial results in
2023.




GDR buyback program

On the 22 March 2023 we announced the commencement of a new 4-month GDR repurchase
program. The programs aggregate purchase amount is for up to USD 100 million.

Total GDR’s outstanding as at 31 March 2023 were 190,353,730.

Potential listing in the United States

We have previously commented that we are considering the possibility of listing Kaspi.kz in the
United States. We see multiple potential benefits from a US listing, including an enlarged, more
diverse shareholder base and increased trading liquidity. We have now started to prepare for such
an event, albeit remain in the early stages, with any transaction naturally contingent upon market
conditions.




                                                                                                     14
Conference Call Information

On Monday, 24 April 2023 the management will hold a conference call and webcast at 1.00pm
(London) (8.00am U.S. Eastern Time, 6.00pm Astana time) to review and discuss the company's
results for the quarter ending March 31 2023.

To pre-register for this call, please go to the following link:

https://www.netroadshow.com/events/login?show=d4713773&confId=49188

You will receive your access details via email.

Kaspi.kz Platform Income Statements




                                                                                              15
16
17
Kaspi.kz Consolidated Financial Statements




                                             18
About Kaspi.kz

Kaspi.kz’s mission is to improve people’s lives by developing innovative mobile products and
services. To deliver upon this we operate a unique two-sided Super App model – Kaspi.kz Super App
for consumers and Kaspi Pay Super App for merchants.

The Kaspi.kz Super App is Kazakhstan’s most popular mobile app, with 12.8 million MAU in 1Q 2023,
8.3 million of whom access our services daily. The Kaspi Pay Super App is the digital partner of choice
for businesses and entrepreneurs in Kazakhstan, with 512K merchant partners in 1Q 2023.

Through these Super Apps consumers and merchants can access our leading Payments,
Marketplace, Fintech and e-Grocery Platforms. All our services are designed to be highly relevant to
users’ everyday needs and enable consumers and merchants to connect and transact, using our
proprietary payments network.

In partnership with Magnum, Kazakhstan’s largest food retailer, we have launched e-Grocery.
Together we are digitalising food retail, with the aim of creating a dramatically better shopping
experience. Consumers access e-Grocery using the Kaspi.kz Super App, can choose from around 12k
SKUs, at competitive prices, with free same-day delivery.

The combination of a large, highly engaged consumer and merchant base, best-in-class, highly
relevant digital products and a capex lite approach, results in strong top-line growth, a profitable
business model and enables us to continue innovating, delighting our users and fulfilling our mission.

Kaspi.kz has been listed on the London Stock Exchange since 2020.

For further information david.ferguson@kaspi.kz +44 7427 751 275

Forward-looking statements

Some of the information in this announcement may contain projections or other forward- looking
statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of Kaspi.kz. You can identify
forward looking statements by terms such as "expect", "believe", "anticipate", "estimate", "intend",
"will", "could," "may" or "might", the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Kaspi.kz
wish to caution you that these statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may
differ materially. Kaspi.kz does not intend to update these statements to reflect events and
circumstances occurring after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
Many factors could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in projections
or forward-looking statements of Kaspi.kz, including, among others, general economic conditions,
the competitive environment, risks associated with operating in Kazakhstan, rapid technological and
market change in the industries the Company operates in, as well as many other risks specifically
related to Kaspi.kz and its respective operations.




                                                                                                    19
