              Annual
              Report 2017
              IDP Education
              A globally connected community




For personal use only
               A globally
               connected




For personal use only
               community
               IDP is a global leader in international
               education. We help international students
               study in English-speaking countries. Our
               success comes from connecting students
               with the right course at the right institution
               in the right country.
               We’ve been operating for almost 50 years,
               creating a network of opportunity with
               offices in more than 30 countries.
               We are also a proud co-owner of IELTS,
               the world’s most popular high-stakes
               English language test, and an operator
               of 10 English language teaching campuses
               across South East Asia.
               IDP is a living network of students, clients,
               services, alumni and employers.
               Together, we are working together around
               the world to help our students connect
               to success.




               Contents
               Annual highlights                          1     Student placement services    8
               Our strategic vision                       2     English language testing     10
               Chairman’s letter                          4     English language teaching    12
               CEO’s review                               6     Board of Directors           14




               IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
                        Annual
                        highlights




For personal use only
                        Student placement services

                        FY17 revenue



                                     $103.4m
                        Highlights
                        • IDP students gained entry into more than 34,500
                          courses at leading universities and education
                          providers in English-speaking countries
                        • Strong increase in the number of students studying
                          in Canada and UK, with course volumes up by 127%
                          and 26% respectively compared to FY16




                        English language testing

                        FY17 revenue



                                     $250.7m
                        Highlights
                        • More than 909,800 tests taken at IDP IELTS
                          test locations around the world
                        • IDP expanded its network to Nepal, Japan,
                          Greece, Germany and Cyprus




                        English language teaching

                        FY17 revenue



                                     $21.2m
                        Highlights
                        • More than 76,000 English language courses
                          delivered to students across Cambodia,
                          Thailand and Vietnam
                        • Continued to lead the market in Cambodia
                          with ACE operating the only Certificate in
                          English Language Teaching to Adults (CELTA)
                          Training Centre in the country

                        Please note: Additional revenue stream of Events and
                        Advertising is not represented above.

                                                                               1
For personal use only
               Our
               strategic
               vision
               Our vision is to build a global
               platform and connected
               community to guide international
               students along their journey
               to achieve their lifelong learning
               and career aspirations.




               IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
              Key FY17 initiatives



                                     Expanding and reinforcing
                                     our core strengths
                                     IDP continued to deliver its organic
                                     growth strategy. Our physical office
                                     network expanded to more than 100




For personal use only
                                     offices across 33 countries. This was
                                     driven by the opening of six new offices
                                     in India. In June IDP announced a
                                     minority holding in HCP, a China-based
                                     company with large online communities
                                     of students with global ambitions.
                                     This is aimed at increasing the student
                                     pipeline in the key market of China.




                                     Foundations for                            Discover (Hotcourses and IDP)

                                     a global platform
                                     FY17's significant investment
                                     in technology infrastructure
                                                                                Convert (IDP)
                                     provided the foundation for IDP
                                     to build the world's leading global
                                     platform and connected community
                                     for international students.
                                     A global roll-out of a human capital       Support (IDP)
                                     management system is supporting
                                     staff capability-building, and                                     JOB

                                     unlocking and fostering talent
                                     within global teams.




                                     The Hotcourses Group
                                     becomes an IDP company
                                     The acquisition of the Hotcourses
                                     Group, one of the world’s leading
                                     digital student engagement
                                     businesses, increased IDP’s
                                     digital marketing capabilities
                                     and access to customer insights.
                                     The initiative also supports
                                     IDP's goal of creating the world's
                                     definitive international
                                     student database.




                                     Cementing IELTS
                                     market leadership
                                     In FY17, the number of organisations
                                     recognising International English
                                     Language Testing System (IELTS)
                                     results reached 10,000, confirming
                                     the test’s position as the world’s
                                     most trusted high-stakes English
                                     language test for education and
                                     migration purposes.




                                                                                                                3
              Chairman’s
              letter




For personal use only
                                                          As this report outlines, FY17 was a positive year
                                                          for our organisation. We have delivered another
                                                          record year of revenue and earnings, and more
                                                          importantly, we took significant steps towards
                                                          transforming our customers’ experience through
                                                          our digital transformation program.
                                                          Overall, we saw growth in all three of our key
                                                          business streams of student placement, English
                                                          language teaching and English language testing.
                                                          This resulted in total group revenue of $394.2m,
                                                          a nine per cent increase on FY16.
                                                          The FY17 performance reflects a continuation
                                                          of the strong organic growth and increased
                                                          productivity that the company has experienced
                                                          over the past five years.
                                                          Our growth has been underpinned by the ongoing
                                                          strength of the international education industry and
                                                          the central role of English as a key global language.
                                                          This year, as the mobility of the world’s people
               I am pleased to present                    featured heavily in domestic and international
               IDP’s annual report for the                debates in our key markets of Australia, Canada,
                                                          New Zealand, the United Kingdom and the United
               financial year of 2017 (FY17).             States, IDP’s diversified business model provided
                                                          a level of resilience for our business, and more
                                                          importantly, options for our customers.
                                                          While these macroeconomic, political and
                                                          regulatory drivers were largely favourable for our
                                                          sector during this year, we understand that this can
                                                          change and we need to be prepared to respond to
                                                          market shifts and the expectations of our students.
                                                          Large-scale organisations around the world are
                                                          investing in technology to drive innovation in the
                                                          way they deliver their services. What differentiates
               We will become the bridge that             IDP’s digital transformation program is our
               connects our students from where           opportunity to combine almost 50 years of insights
               they are today to where they               with the human-centred advice and genuine
                                                          compassion of our counselling teams. By bringing
               aspire to be.
                                                          together technology, data and our trusted advice,
                                                          we will deliver customised, individual support for
                                                          our students at all stages of their international
                                                          education journey.




               IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
For personal use only
               Our digital vision is outlined more on page 3 of          Hotcourses’ ability to attract 69 million annual
               this report. Put simply, our aim is to connect with       website visitors has given us unique access to
               students earlier in their decision-making process         ‘Big Data’ that can inform and shape our market
               and remain by their side throughout their entire          expansion opportunities. The geographic location
               journey, from education to employment.                    of search activity, the nature of online queries,
                                                                         and the demographics of site visitors combine
               We will become the bridge that connects our
                                                                         to provide us with deep insights into the needs
               students from where they are today to where
                                                                         of our customers.
               they aspire to be.
                                                                         We understand that innovation takes courage,
               Your Board of Directors has strongly endorsed this
                                                                         a communal understanding of the end goal and
               investment in innovation. It is in line with our vision
                                                                         an unrelenting commitment to our customers.
               to create the leading global platform that supports
               international students in achieving their learning        Our CEO, Andrew Barkla, has been instrumental
               and career goals.                                         in delivering this new vision and fostering a global
                                                                         team of skilled, insightful and proud people across
               Our strategy aligns with wider industry trends,
                                                                         the world.
               as consumer expectations and behaviours rapidly
               evolve. As an organisation that can borrow from           On behalf of your Board, I would like to thank
               both the maturing online commerce sector, and             Andrew, our global leadership team and our
               the rising advancements in EdTech, IDP is well            staff around the world for their commitment
               positioned to continue to lead the international          and hard work.
               education services industry with new delivery
                                                                         I would also like to thank my fellow Directors,
               models for student placement.
                                                                         our institutions, clients, our customers and you,
               The impetus for this transformation is the need           our shareholders.
               to give our customers more choices.
                                                                         IDP enters FY18 as a strong, resilient and ambitious
               When making a decision as important as                    organisation that is making a real difference in
               international education, it is imperative our             people’s lives. I look forward to continuing to work
               customers have access to the information and              with you as we build a connected community for
               services they need, at a time and channel that            tomorrow’s international students.
               best works for them.
               The benefit for IDP is that by servicing our customers
               across this digital journey, we will also build the
               definitive international student database, with
               unrivalled insights into the flow and intentions
               of international students.                                Peter Polson
               We made a significant step towards realising              Chairman
               this ambition by acquiring The Hotcourses Group –
               the largest course search site in the world.




                                                                                                                                5
              CEO’s
              review




For personal use only
                                                          Studying overseas is one of the most important
                                                          decisions a young person will make. It often
                                                          takes more than two years of research, financial
                                                          planning and preparation before a student takes
                                                          their first step in their new study destination.
                                                          Similarly, the benefits of studying overseas do
                                                          not finish once a student receives their certificate.
                                                          An international education can set our students up
                                                          for a lifetime of professional and personal success.
                                                          With this in mind, in FY17 IDP Education laid the
                                                          foundations to achieve our ambitious vision
                                                          of building the world’s leading platform and
                                                          connected community to guide international
                                                          students along this journey to achieve their
                                                          learning and career aspirations.
                                                          Our aim is to connect with students earlier in their
                                                          decision-making journey, and stay by their side
                                                          throughout their studies and into employment.
                                                          We know that to achieve this, we need to
               IDP Education’s customers                  redefine the way our industry can operate
               trust our services at                      in the digital space.

               life-changing junctures.                   We also acknowledge that as a sector leader
                                                          with almost 50 years’ experience, it is vital that
                                                          we foster a culture of innovation that enables us
                                                          to be agile and responsive to rapid advancements
                                                          in technology and the changing expectations of
                                                          our students.
                                                          With these factors in play, this year we began an
                                                          investment program that will build a network of
                                                          brands, platforms and data to give us unparalleled
                                                          insights into the behaviours and needs of customers.

                                                          Our investment in our people
                                                          We know that our most valuable asset is our
                                                          team of people based in more than 30 countries
                                                          around the world.
                                                          Nine in 10 IDP customers refer us to their family and
                                                          friends, with the professionalism of our education
                                                          counsellors consistently rating as a key reason for
                                                          this referral.
                                                          Our 650 counsellors, many of whom have been
                                                          international students themselves, are our strongest
                                                          brand advocates and I am proud of the way they
                                                          put themselves in our students’ shoes to turn their
                                                          plans into a series of clear steps to success.
                                                          To empower our counsellors and supporting staff
                                                          to continually advance their skills, this year we
                                                          invested in the roll-out of a world-class Human
                                                          Capital Management System with learning and
                                                          community management platforms.
               IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
For personal use only
               Aligning this system with our broader digital          IDP Education’s English language testing business
               transformation objectives, will enable strong          also had a positive year. FY17 saw IDP expand its
               global collaboration within our teams.                 IELTS network to Nepal, Japan, Greece, Germany
                                                                      and Cyprus. This helped contribute to a six per cent
               Our expanding portfolio                                increase in the number of tests IDP Education
               of partnerships                                        delivered (909,800) compared to FY16.

               With such an ambitious strategy for transformation,    Importantly, IELTS continues to be the preferred
               IDP acknowledges the need to partner with              test of governments, peak bodies and universities
               innovative companies to enhance our reach,             around the world. This year the number of
               digital capability and access to customer insights.    organisations recognising IELTS results reached
                                                                      10,000. This cemented the test’s position as the
               Our global view of our customers was significantly     world’s most recognised high-stakes test for
               boosted in January when we acquired one                study, work and migration purposes – a significant
               of the world’s leading digital student engagement      milestone for IDP and its IELTS partners, the
               and marketing businesses, The Hotcourses Group.        British Council and Cambridge English
               With some of the most active student-facing            Language Assessment.
               websites in the world, Hotcourses is able to gain      Our third service stream, English language
               real-time insights into the factors that impact        teaching, posted revenue growth of four per cent.
               students’ choices about destinations, courses,         This was driven by volume growth with an
               institutions and level of study.                       11 per cent increase in courses delivered across
               In June 2017, IDP also announced a 20 per cent         IDP’s 10 schools. Our Cambodian business was
               equity holding in HCP, a Chinese social media          the stand-out performer and continues to be
               agency that delivers advice to students pursuing       a market leader in that country.
               a global education and offers English language
               test preparation.                                      Looking ahead
               Both of these investments aim to bring together the    As we enter next year in a solid financial position
               digital excellence and experience of market-leading    and with new digital capability, our focus is on
               digital operators with our face-to-face offering       enabling our staff to deliver new services and
               and physical office network, to provide more           on rolling out our technology platform.
               personalised, tailored and accessible support          It truly is a watershed period for IDP Education. Our
               for our students.                                      teams are embracing this opportunity to develop
                                                                      smarter, closer and longer lasting relationships with
               Our operations                                         our customers and I am very grateful for our global
               From a financial and operational perspective           team’s commitment, initiative and professionalism.
               I am pleased to report that the company performed      I would also like to thank our Directors, clients,
               well in FY17, with the continued strong performance    shareholders and, most importantly, our students.
               of the company’s core services providing a solid       I look forward to continuing this partnership with
               financial foundation for our next stage of growth.     you this year so that together we can help
               In student placement, we continued to expand           empower our next generation of global citizens.
               our network of offices, particularly in the major
               market of India which opened six new premises
               last year.
               This increased presence in India, combined with
               solid performance in China, were key factors in
               our student placement business posting 12 per cent     Andrew Barkla
               revenue growth.                                        Chief Executive Officer
                                                                      and Managing Director
               From a destination perspective, we had strong
               increases in the number of students pursuing courses
               in Canada and the UK, with volumes up 127 per cent
               and 26 per cent respectively compared to FY16.


                                                                                                                              7
               Student




For personal use only
               placement
               services
               IDP’s student placement services
               connect international students with
               the right course at the right institution
               in the right country to help them
               achieve their study and career goals.




               How is IDP looking to extend its                    Student placement
               placement services?                                 revenue (A$m)
               In FY17 IDP piloted new services                                                          12%
                                                                    FY17                 103.4
               to help students settle in to their
               new city, including health insurance                 FY16                92.4
               referrals, accommodation advice,
               a student benefit card, guardianship
               referrals and a 24/7 support helpline
               (Australia only pilot).                             Student placement
                                                                   gross profit (A$m)
               How strong is IDP’s customer loyalty*?
                                                                    FY17                  87.2           12%
               Nine in 10 students would refer IDP
               to their family or friends and more                  FY16                78.2
               than 80% of our customers would
               use IDP again for student placement
               if they continued on to further study.
                                                                  Student placement source (country)
               Why do students choose IDP to help
               with their overseas education*?                                                   China           31%
                                                                                                 India           21%
               1. IDP was recommended by
                                                                                                 Vietnam          8%
                  family or friends                                                              Australia        7%
               2. IDP’s professionalism                                    FY17                  Hong Kong        4%
                                                                                                 Singapore        4%
               3. The offer of a complete range                                                  Malaysia         4%
                  of services                                                                    Rest of Asia    16%
                                                                                                 Rest of World    6%




              *Source: IDP Education Student Satisfaction Survey, 2017.

               IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
For personal use only
             “Going to Cardiff University has always
              been a dream of mine, ever since I was
              a child. My father was an alumnus of
              the university I am now studying at, and
              I grew up hearing his stories … I thank
              IDP for being a part of my experience
              in a foreign country.”
               Aisyah, from Malaysia, studying in the UK




                                                           9
               English




For personal use only
               language
               testing
               The International English Language
               Testing System (IELTS) is designed to
               assess the language ability of people
               with goals of studying, working or
               living where English is the language
               of communication.




               What is IELTS?                                 English Language Testing
                                                              revenue (A$m)
               IELTS is the world’s most popular
               high-stakes English language proficiency        FY17               250.7           6%
               test for work, study and migration.
                                                               FY16             237.1
               Who owns the test?
               IELTS is jointly owned by IDP, the
               British Council and Cambridge
               English Language Assessment.                   English Language Testing
                                                              gross profit (A$m)
               What does it test?
                                                               FY17               103.6           9%
               IELTS tests all four language skills –
               listening, reading, writing and speaking.       FY16             95.1

               How does IDP help IELTS customers
               achieve their goals?
               In FY17, IDP, along with its IELTS partners,   IELTS test volumes by party
               invested in developing new support tools                                   IDP           30%
               and networks to help IELTS candidates                                    	British
               achieve their goals.                                                       Council       45%
                                                                                        	China and
               This included launching the first official             FY17                other joint
                                                                                          ventures      25%
               online practice test that gives customers
               feedback from IELTS experts.




               IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
For personal use only
             “Our students take IELTS at important
              times in their international education
              journey. As an education counsellor,
              my priority is helping students
              register and feel confident on test
              day so they are best placed to
              achieve their goals.”
               Sherry, IDP Education Counsellor




                                                       11
               English




For personal use only
               language
               teaching
               IDP helps students in Cambodia, Thailand
               and Vietnam improve their English. The 10
               campuses deliver leading English language
               teaching programs ranging from short IELTS
               preparation courses through to extensive
               Business English programs.




               How many courses does IDP deliver?             English Language Teaching
                                                              revenue (A$m)
               IDP delivered 76,400 courses across
               its 10 campuses in FY17, an 11 per cent           FY17                 21.2      4%
               increase on FY16.
                                                                 FY16             20.3
               How is IDP connected to the English
               language teaching (ELT) sector in
               South East Asia?
               IDP continues to help build the capacity       English Language Teaching
               of educators by delivering the annual          gross profit (A$m)
               CamTESOL Conference Series (a leading
                                                                 FY17                 13.9      4%
               English language conference in the Asia
               region), operating the only CELTA Training        FY16             13.4
               Centre in Cambodia and developing
               content for Cambodian Ministry of
               Education ELT textbooks.


                                  Cambodia                Vietnam                 Thailand



                                  Australian Centre       Australian Centre for
                 School           for Education           Education & Training    IDP English


                 Established      1992                    2001                    1989


                 Curriculum       IDP                     IDP & third party       IDP


                 Campuses         4                       5                       1




               IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
For personal use only
             “… I have accomplished the majority of my
              English study goals and countless other
              major achievements, which will guide me
              to a successful future. None of these would
              be possible without the many experienced
              teachers and high educational standards
              at ACE.”
               Lim, studying English with ACE Cambodia




                                                            13
              Board of Directors




For personal use only
               Peter Polson                         Andrew Barkla                     Ariane Barker                    David Battersby AM




               Non-Executive Director               Chief Executive Officer           Ariane was appointed             David was appointed as
               and Chairman                         and Managing Director             as a Non-Executive               a Non-Executive Director
                                                                                      Director at IDP Education        at IDP Education in
               Peter was appointed as               Andrew was appointed as
                                                                                      at the completion of its         February 2011.
               a Non-Executive Director at          Chief Executive Officer and
                                                                                      IPO in November 2015 and
               IDP Education in March 2007.         Managing Director at IDP                                           He served as Vice-Chancellor
                                                                                      is Chair of the Audit and
                                                    Education in August 2015.                                          of Federation University
               Peter has broad experience                                             Risk Committee.
                                                                                                                       Australia from 2014 to 2016
               in the financial services            Andrew has extensive              Ariane has extensive             and was previously Vice-
               industry. He has held                experience in the technology,     experience in the financial      Chancellor of the University
               positions as Managing                services and software             services industry with a         of Ballarat, a position to
               Director of the international        industry, with more than 20       particular focus on risk and     which he was appointed
               funds management business            years of senior management        governance. Ariane is the        in 2006.
               with the Colonial Group,             experience in roles across        General Manager of the
               and then as an executive             Australia, New Zealand,           Products & Markets division      David’s previous senior
               with the Commonwealth                Asia and North America.           at wealth management firm        appointments have been
               Banking Group. In this role                                            JBWere where she is also         at universities in Australia
                                                    Prior to joining IDP Education,                                    and New Zealand. He has
               he had responsibility for all                                          a member of the executive
                                                    Andrew worked for SAP as                                           undertaken consultancies
               investment and insurance                                               leadership team. In this role
                                                    President of Australia and                                         for UNESCO, the OECD and
               services, including the group’s                                        she has responsibility for all
                                                    New Zealand.                                                       various government agencies.
               funds management, master                                               investment, product, markets
               funds, superannuation and            Prior to his role at SAP,         and philanthropic services.      He was foundation Chair
               insurance businesses and             Andrew held leadership                                             of the Australian Regional
               third party support services                                           She is a Non-Executive           Universities Network and
                                                    roles at Unisys, including
               for brokers, agents and                                                Director with Commonwealth       the board of the Museum
                                                    as Vice-President of Unisys’
               financial advisers.                                                    Superannuation Corporation       of Australian Democracy
                                                    Asia Pacific Japan operations
                                                                                      (CSC) where she is also a        at Eureka and is currently
                                                    covering 13 countries, as a
               He is Chairman of Challenger                                           member of its Audit and Risk     on the board of directors for
                                                    Member of Unisys’ Global
               Limited (listed company                                                Committee. Ariane is also        the Melbourne Institute of
                                                    Executive Committee and
               director since November                                                a member of the Murdoch          Technology. David is a Director
                                                    as Chairman of Unisys West,
               2003), Challenger Life                                                 Childrens Research Institute     of Education Australia.
                                                    a technology services joint
               Company Limited, Avant                                                 (MCRI) Investment Committee
                                                    venture between BankWest
               Group Insurance Limited                                                as well as a former Board
                                                    and Unisys.
               and Very Special Kids.                                                 Member of Emergency Services
                                                    Earlier in his career, Andrew     and State Super (ESSSuper).
               He is also a Director of Avant
                                                    was Vice-President and
               Mutual Group Limited and                                               Ariane has extensive
                                                    General Manager of
               Avant Group Holdings Limited.                                          experience in international
                                                    PeopleSoft’s Asia Pacific
                                                                                      finance, risk management,
                                                    region prior to the company’s
                                                                                      and debt and equity capital
                                                    acquisition by Oracle.
                                                                                      markets, having worked
                                                                                      in executive roles with
                                                                                      Merrill Lynch, Goldman
                                                                                      Sachs and HSBC in the
                                                                                      United States, Europe,
                                                                                      Japan and Hong Kong.




               IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
For personal use only
               Belinda Robinson                   Chris Leptos AM                    Greg West




               Belinda was appointed as a         Chris was appointed as             Greg was appointed as
               Non-Executive Director at IDP.     a Non-Executive Director           a Non-Executive Director
               Education in November 2015.        at IDP Education in                of IDP Education in
                                                  November 2015.                     December 2006.
               Belinda is the Chief Executive
               and Executive Director of          His other Board roles include      Greg is a Chartered
               Universities Australia, the peak   Deputy Chairman of Flagstaff       Accountant with experience
               body representing Australia’s      Partners, and Non-Executive        in investment banking and
               39 comprehensive universities.     Director of PPB Advisory and       financial services. Greg is
                                                  Arete Capital Partners. Chris      Chief Executive Officer of the
               She is also a Director of
                                                  retired as Deputy Chairman         ASX-listed biotech, Benitec
               Education Australia.
                                                  of Linking Melbourne               Biopharma Limited.
               She retired as non-executive       Authority in December 2015.
                                                                                     He is a Director and Chair
               director and chair of the
                                                  He is also a member of the         of the Audit Committee
               remuneration and nomination
                                                  Advisory Board of The University   of UOWD Limited (a business
               committee of ASX-listed Beach
                                                  of Melbourne Faculty of            arm of Wollongong University).
               Energy in February 2016.
                                                  Business & Economics, the
                                                                                     Previously, he has worked
               Belinda has served on a            Advisory Council of Asialink, a
                                                                                     at Price Waterhouse and
               number of government               Professorial Fellow at Monash
                                                                                     has held senior finance
               advisory and NGO boards            University, a Governor of The
                                                                                     executive roles in investment
               and committees including The       Smith Family and a Fellow
                                                                                     banking with Bankers Trust,
               Conversation Media Group           of the AICD.
                                                                                     Deutsche Bank, NZI and other
               and Autism-Asperger ACT.
                                                  Chris was previously a             financial institutions.
               Belinda has been the Chief         Senior Partner with KPMG
                                                                                     Greg is also a Director
               Executive of peak industry         and Managing Partner
                                                                                     of Education Australia.
               bodies for more than 15 years      Government at Ernst & Young
               in the higher education and        where he had national
               energy sectors and has held        responsibility for leading
               a number of senior and senior      the public sector and higher
               executive positions within         education practice.
               the Federal Australian
                                                  Earlier in his career, Chris
               Government, including eight
                                                  was General Manager of
               years with the Department of
                                                  Corporate Development for
               the Prime Minister and Cabinet.
                                                  Western Mining Corporation
               Belinda has extensive              and Chief of Staff to Senator
               knowledge and experience           John Button.
               in higher education policy,
                                                  He was a member of the
               government processes,
                                                  Infrastructure Planning
               political advocacy, corporate
                                                  Council of Victoria and the
               governance and remuneration.
                                                  Australian Information
               Belinda has a Master of            Economy Advisory Council.
               Environment Law (Australian
                                                  Chris has lived and worked
               National University); a
                                                  in Jakarta, Shanghai, London
               Bachelor of Arts (University of
                                                  and Toronto, and in 2000
               New England); is a Fellow of
                                                  was designated a Member
               the AICD, a graduate of the
                                                  of the Order of Australia for
               AICD Director’s course and
                                                  services to business and
               has completed the AICD
                                                  the community.
               Chair’s Mentoring Program.
                                                                                                                      15
For personal use only



     16        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
                             Contents
                             Directors’ report             18   10.	Property, plant and
                                                                     equipment                    70




For personal use only
                             Remuneration report           33
                             Auditor’s independence             11. Intangible assets             71
                             declaration                   51   12. Other current assets          74
                             Consolidated statement of          13. Trade and other payables      75
                             profit or loss                52   14. Deferred revenue              75
                             Consolidated statement             15. Provisions                    75
                             of comprehensive income       53       Capital structure and
                             Consolidated statement                 financing                     76
                             of financial position         54   16. Borrowings                    76
                             Consolidated statement             17. Cash flow information         77
                             of changes in equity          55   18. Lease commitments             77
                             Consolidated statement of          19. Issued capital                78
                             cash flow                     56   20. Financial instruments         79
                             Notes to the consolidated               Other notes                  86
                             financial statements          57
                                                                21. Share-based payments          86
                             Notes to the financial             22. Related party transactions    90
                             statements                    57   23. Remuneration of auditors      90
                        1.   Basis of preparation          57   24. Subsidiaries                  91
                             Financial performance         61   25. Deed of Cross Guarantee       92
                        2.   Segment information           61   26. Business Combination          94
                        3.   Revenue                       62   27. Parent entity information     96
                        4.   Expenses and Finance costs    63   28. Contingent liabilities        96
                        5.   Income taxes                  63   29.	Events after the reporting
                        6.   Dividends                     67        period                       96
                        7.   Earnings per share            68      Directors’ declaration          97
                           Assets and liabilities          69      Independent auditor’s report    98
                        8. Trade and other receivables     69      Shareholder Information        102
                        9. Capitalised development costs   70      Corporate Directory            104




                             Financial report
                             For the year ended 30 June 2017




                                                                                                        17
               Directors’ report

               The Directors of IDP Education Limited, present the financial report of IDP Education Limited (the Company) and its
               controlled entities (the Group, IDP or IDP Education) for the financial year ended 30 June 2017.


               Operating and financial review




For personal use only
               A summary of IDP Education’s consolidated financial results for the year ending 30 June 2017 (“FY17”) is set out below.
               The financial performance of the Group during the year was strong with another record year for revenue and earnings.

               Summary Financials (A$m)

                                                                                                                                       Growth
                                                                                                         Unit   FY17    FY16     $m             %
               Revenue                                                                                   A$m    394.2   361.6   32.6        9.0%
               Gross Profit                                                                              A$m    212.7   188.4   24.3        12.9%
               EBIT                                                                                      A$m     61.2    53.7    7.5        13.9%
               EBIT (Adjusted) *                                                                         A$m     62.6   53.9     8.7        16.1%
               NPAT                                                                                      A$m     41.5    39.9    1.6        4.0%
               NPAT (Adjusted) *                                                                         A$m     42.6    40.1    2.5        6.2%
               EPS                                                                                   cents       16.6    16.0   0.6         3.8%
               EPS (Adjusted) *                                                                      cents       17.0    16.0    1.0        6.3%
               Debt                                                                                      A$m     39.1    0.0    39.1        100%

               * Adjusted EBIT, NPAT and earnings per share excludes acquired intangible amortisation.

               The table above includes a measure of “adjusted EBIT”, “adjusted” NPAT and “adjusted” Earnings Per Share (“EPS”). These
               measures exclude amortisation of intangible assets acquired through business combinations from the calculation. This
               amortisation charge in FY17 relates primarily to the acquisition of Hotcourses which was completed on 31 January 2017.
               The Directors believe these adjustments and other non-IFRS measures included in this report are relevant and useful in
               measuring the financial performance of the Group. Later in the report the Directors also present “underlying” financial
               measures which remove the impact of foreign exchange movements during the year. The Directors believe that these
               “adjusted” and “underlying” metrics provide the best measure to assess the performance of the Group by excluding the
               impact of currency movements, and non-cash intangible asset amortisation generated from business combinations from
               the reported IFRS measures.

               Review of Operations
               IDP Education has a global footprint and a diversified business model across its three business lines. As a result the
               aggregate performance of the Group for any given year is driven by a large number of variables across many countries.
               This report provides a high level summary of the highlights and key drivers during the year.
               The performance of IDP Education in FY17 represents a continuation of the strong organic growth that the Group has been
               experiencing over the past five years. This growth has been underpinned by the ongoing global growth in the international
               education industry and the central role of English as a key global language. IDP Education has a global footprint and
               diversified business model that benefits from both of these global trends.
               From an international education perspective the key macro drivers remained supportive during FY17. IDP Education’s
               key destination market for student placement, Australia, remains an attractive destination for international students.
               Favourable regulatory settings combined with Australia’s continued reputation for high quality education and a safe
               and friendly living environment underpins its appeal for international students.
               Similarly, the Canadian market is benefiting from open and inviting regulatory settings with government policies designed
               to attract international students to the country. IDP Education has benefited from this dynamic with increasing levels of
               interest from prospective students in our source countries for study in Canada during FY17.




     18        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               The UK remains challenging from a regulatory perspective with relatively restrictive immigration policies impacting the flow
               of international students. Uncertainty following Brexit and a series of security issues in the UK also impacted sentiment
               towards the UK in FY17. As a result, the UK market in aggregate has seen a slight decline in total international student
               volumes but the attractiveness of the higher quality globally recognised universities continue to be a significant drawcard




For personal use only
               for international students. IDP Education recorded strong growth in UK student volumes during the year reflecting an
               increased market share across its source countries and a focus on the quality end of the higher education spectrum.
               Sentiment towards the US as an international education destination was impacted during FY17 by a series of events that
               raised concerns over the openness of the country and safety for international students. This included tighter visa conditions,
               isolated cases of violence against international students and attempts by the new administration to impose travel bans
               from certain Middle Eastern countries. These events impacted demand for the US from some IDP source countries during FY17.
               Despite these cyclical headwinds, the US remains the most popular destination for international students globally with the
               prestige of a US college education still resonating in many of IDP’s source countries. IDP Education remains confident of the
               long term growth opportunity in the US as penetration increases and the industry becomes more familiar with the benefits
               of the agency model provided by companies such as IDP Education.
               IDP Education’s English language testing business continues to benefit from the increased global mobility of students,
               workers and migrants to the main English speaking countries. The number of IELTS tests conducted by IDP Education in
               each period is however influenced by a diverse and complex range of microeconomic factors across the over 50 IDP IELTS
               countries. The performance of the Group’s IELTS operations is influenced by factors such as: economic conditions in the
               local economy; demand for overseas study and work; immigration policies and visa settings by the key English speaking
               countries, and currency fluctuations. Competition is also a key factor and the recognition by governments and other
               organisations of alternative English tests also influences IELTS test volumes.
               IDP Education views and manages its business on a geographic basis. Country and regional management are responsible
               for all activities in their geographic region across each of the Group’s key products (Student Placement, English Language
               Testing and English Language Teaching). As a result the Group’s key reporting segments comprise geographic regions. The
               sections below discuss the Group’s results across its three geographic regions.
               The segment results presented below correspond with the segment information presented in Note 2 of the financial report.

               Asia
               The table below shows the Group’s results across its Asian region which includes the following countries: Bangladesh,
               Cambodia, China, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Japan, Laos, Malaysia, Mauritius, Nepal, Philippines, Singapore, South
               Korea, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, Thailand and Vietnam.

               Asia Segment – Financial Summary

                                                                                                                                 Growth
                                                                               Unit          FY17          FY16           $m              %
               Revenue                                                         A$m          238.0         220.3           17.7         8.0%
               EBIT                                                            A$m           70.5          64.4            6.1         9.5%
               EBIT Margin                                                       %           30%           29%
               % of Total Group Revenue                                          %           60%           61%
               % of Total Group EBIT (before corporate overheads)                %           66%           66%

               Asia posted another year of strong growth and continued to be a key driver of the Group’s profitability with more than 65%
               of group EBIT (excluding corporate overhead) coming from the region. The region includes both India and China which are
               the key engines of growth for the international education industry more broadly. These countries have large populations
               that are experiencing rising wealth and a high propensity to invest in education both domestically and abroad.
               In India, whilst IDP performed solidly during the year, the Group’s performance was impacted by the Indian Government’s
               decision on the 8th November 2016 to remove the 500 and 1,000 rupee banknotes from circulation, an initiative designed to
               reduce activity in the “black economy” and the amount of counterfeit notes in circulation. Shortage of banknotes during the
               transition period impacted several parts of the economy as customers were unable to access cash for daily transactions.
               IDP’s IELTS business was in turn impacted with the volume of tests during the year below the same period the year before.
               Whilst growth returned in March, the impact of demonetisation resulted in total Indian IELTS volumes being down by 3% for
               the year.




                                                                                                                                                19
               Directors’ report
               continued


               In student placement, demonetisation did not impact performance with Indian placement volumes and revenue rising 39%
               and 37% respectively. This was driven by strong volume growth to Australia, Canada and the UK. Indian volumes to the US
               were impacted by a general increase in visa rejection rates by the US authorities which impacted application volumes as
               Indian students looked to other countries for study.




For personal use only
               The strong growth in student placement allowed IDP to invest further in new office expansion with six new offices opened
               in India during the year, taking the Group’s network to 27 offices in India. This investment should facilitate further growth
               in the years ahead as the trend towards study abroad from India’s rising middle class continues.
               In China, IDP delivered another strong year of growth with student placement revenue rising 18%. This was underpinned
               by a 23% increase in Australian volumes and an 18% increase in volumes to the other destinations.
               In China, IDP Education grants the British Council a licence to distribute IELTS. As consideration, IDP Education receives a
               fee from the British Council which is calculated as a percentage of each candidate’s test fee for IELTS tests taken in China.
               Growth in IELTS testing in China during FY17 therefore contributed to IDP Education’s earnings in its Asia segment.
               Outside of India and China, IDP’s performance in Asia was strongest in Vietnam, Indonesia, Hong Kong and Thailand. In
               each of these countries, both IELTS and student placement were strong contributors to growth. IDP also commenced IELTS
               testing in Nepal during the year and had a strong start with volumes tracking well above expectations.
               Offsetting this growth was weaker performance in Philippines, Malaysia, Taiwan and Sri Lanka. Each of these countries
               recorded lower earnings for the year with a diverse range of factors impacting performance for the year.
               In English Language Teaching, IDP’s Cambodian business had another strong year with each of the 4 campuses running at
               or near full capacity. The Group’s annual English language teaching conference, CAMTESOL, had record attendances of
               over 1,600 people, and alongside a highly successful Alumni event reinforced IDP’s position as the clear market leader for
               English language teaching in Cambodia.

               Australasia
               The table below shows the Group’s results across its Australasian region which includes the following countries: Australia,
               Fiji, New Caledonia and New Zealand.

               Australasia Segment – Financial Summary

                                                                                                                                  Growth
                                                                                Unit          FY17          FY16            $m             %
               Revenue                                                          A$m           69.0          70.4           -1.4        -2.0%
               EBIT                                                             A$m           18.6           19.8          -1.2        -6.1%
               EBIT Margin                                                        %           27%           28%
               % of Total Group Revenue                                           %           18%           19%
               % of Total Group EBIT (before corporate overheads)                 %           17%           20%

               Whilst recording another year of revenue and earnings decline, the performance of the Australasian segment showed
               signs of improvement during the year. This segment has recorded a decline in earnings for the last couple of years with
               competition in the English language testing market reducing IELTS volumes in Australia. Volumes were down again in FY17
               but the rate of decline slowed.
               Whilst IELTS testing in Australia represents the majority of the revenue and earnings in this segment, IDP Education also
               operates an onshore student placement business which counsels and advises international students that are already in
               Australia on further or alternative study options. This business also had a small decline in earnings during FY17.




     20        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               The declines in Australia were partially offset by a strong performance in New Zealand where IELTS volumes were up
               sharply. This result was in part driven by a change in New Zealand Government policy in November 2016 which now requires
               more applicants for the country’s skilled migrant program to provide evidence of English Language proficiency. This change
               accompanied a decision by the Government to accept test results from a number of tests that compete with IELTS. The




For personal use only
               introduction of competition in New Zealand replicated the move made by Australia in 2015 and partially offset the growth
               recorded by IELTS.

               Rest of World
               The table below shows the Group’s results across the Rest of World segment which includes: Argentina, Azerbaijan, Bahrain,
               Brazil, Canada, Colombia, Cyprus, Egypt, Germany, Greece, Iran, Italy, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Mexico, Oman,
               Pakistan, Qatar, Russia, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Spain, Ukraine, the United Arab Emirates (“UAE”), the United Kingdom,
               United States of America and Turkey.

               Rest of World Segment – Financial Summary

                                                                                                                                Growth
                                                                               Unit         FY17          FY16            $m                %
               Revenue                                                        A$m            87.2          71.0          16.2        22.8%
               EBIT                                                           A$m             17.3         13.9           3.4        24.5%
               EBIT Margin                                                       %          20%           20%
               % of Total Group Revenue                                          %           22%          20%
               % of Total Group EBIT (before corporate overheads)                %           16%           14%

               The Rest of World recorded a strong performance for the year with the Middle East and Canada underpinning the
               segment’s growth.
               The Middle East’s contribution was largely driven by IELTS which recorded aggregate test volume growth across the region
               of 10%. The strongest performers were the UAE, Saudi Arabia, Iran and Egypt with weakness in Turkey due to political
               instability offsetting some of this growth.
               Student Placement was strongest in the UAE which recorded a 30% increase in volumes to Australia. This was partially
               offset by slightly weaker conditions for IDP’s multi-destination countries with the USA in particular impacted by negative
               sentiment towards the US due to concerns over tighter visa policies and negative rhetoric towards migration.
               IDP’s Canadian operations posted good results during the year. The onshore IELTS testing market in Canada has been
               growing strongly over the past two years with increased flow of international students and skilled migrants underpinning
               activity in that country. IDP’s performance during FY17 was aided by an expansion of its testing network in Canada with
               the addition of a large third party test distributor which added additional testing locations across the country.
               Growth in the Rest of the World was also aided by the acquisition of Hotcourses Limited. This business was acquired on
               31 January 2017 thereby contributing 5 months of revenue and EBIT. Approximately 76% of Hotcourses’ revenue is generated
               in the United Kingdom through its contracts with UK institutions for digital marketing and lead generation. The business
               performed in line with expectations during the period with the transition to IDP ownership being completed without
               significant interruption.




                                                                                                                                                21
               Directors’ report
               continued


               Results by Product
               To aid the reader’s understanding of the Group’s results, IDP Education has also prepared financial results by secondary
               segments which show revenue and gross profit by product. The analysis below discusses the operational and financial




For personal use only
               highlights for each of the Group’s products.

               Student Placement – Operational and Financial Summary

                                                                                                                                                                            Growth
                                                                                                         Unit               FY17               FY16                Unit                   %
               Volumes
               — Australia                                                                             000’s                25.2                24.2                  1.0             4.1%
               — Multi-Destination                                                                     000’s                  9.3                 7.2                 2.1           29.2%
               — Total Volumes                                                                         000’s                34.5                 31.3                3.2             10.2%
               Revenue
               — Australia                                                                              A$m                 74.5                65.5                 9.0             13.7%
               — Multi-Destination                                                                      A$m                 28.9                27.0                  1.9             7.0%
               — Total Revenue                                                                          A$m                103.4                92.4                 11.0             11.9%
               Gross Profit                                                                             A$m                 87.2                78.2                 9.0             11.5%
               Gross Profit Margin                                                                          %               84%                85%
               Average Fee (A$)
               — Australia                                                                                 A$             2,956                2,718                238              8.8%
               — Multi-destination                                                                         A$              3,108              3,750                -642              -17.1%
               — Total                                                                                     A$              2,997              2,952                   45              1.5%
               Note: The Average Fee for Student Placement shown in this table is calculated as Student Placement revenue divided by the volume of courses IDP Education enrolled students
               into at its client education institutions during the period. Student Placement revenue includes all revenue associated with all placements including any revenue received from
               the student. Volume data to calculate the Average Fee only includes IDP Education client education institution course enrolments and excludes course enrolment volumes at
               education institutions that are not clients of IDP Education.

               Student placement volumes rose by 10.2% in FY17 reflecting a continuation of strong performance in recent years from this
               important business line.
               Volumes to Australia rose 4.1% which reflected a combination of strong off-shore volume growth and a decline in on-shore
               volumes. Off-shore volume recorded the fifth straight year of growth after the declines of FY10 – FY12 when tighter visa
               conditions, a stronger Australian dollar and concerns about international student safety saw a sharp drop in the
               attractiveness of Australia as an international study destination. The on-shore market has been in decline for a couple
               of years with the introduction of post-study.
               The Group’s investment in its ‘multi-destination’ strategy continued to drive growth with a 29.2% increase in total volumes
               to the UK, USA, Canada and New Zealand. Canada was a particular highlight in FY17 with volumes rising 127%. Past
               investment in counsellor capability, combined with the current regulatory settings in Canada, drove good conversion from
               increasing student demand.
               Volumes to the UK continued to increase despite subdued conditions generally for study in the UK with IDP’s focus on the
               higher quality institutions being rewarded by increasing market share and volume growth in China, India, Indonesia,
               Malaysia and Hong Kong.




     22        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               The average student placement fee across the business was up 1.5% relative to that recorded in FY16. A range of factors
               contributed to this change, including:
               > A strong increase in Australian fees which was driven by negotiated fee increases with a number of Australian clients;




For personal use only
               > Higher underlying tuition fees, of which IDP Education takes a percentage for each successful placement;
               > Lower average multi-destination fees resulting from a shift in the mix away from the US to Canada where IDP realised
                 a lower average commission.
               > A generally stronger Australian dollar which lowered the A$ equivalent fee from the multi-destination countries.

               English Language Testing – Operational and Financial Summary

                                                                                                                                                                           Growth
                                                                                                        Unit               FY17                FY16                Unit                  %
               Volumes                                                                                000’s               909.8               857.2                52.6               6.1%
               Revenue                                                                                  A$m               250.7                237.1                13.6             5.7%
               Gross Profit                                                                             A$m                103.6                95.1                8.5              8.9%
               Gross Profit Margin                                                                         %                41%                40%
               Average Fee                                                                                A$              275.6               276.6                 -1.0            -0.4%
               The Average Fee for English Language Testing is the average of all English Language Testing revenue divided by the total volume of IELTS tests conducted during the period.

               In English Language Testing, IDP Education’s IELTS volumes rose 6.1% in FY17 taking the annual total to almost 910,000 tests
               – a record for IDP. This growth was an improvement on the 3.1% increase recorded in FY16 reflecting a successful strategy of
               diversification and new country expansion.
               Asia remains the key engine for growth in IELTS for IDP with approximately 50% of the Group’s test volumes conducted in
               that region during FY17. As noted in the Asia segment commentary above, IDP’s largest IELTS market, India, was impacted by
               demonetisation which led to a 3% decline in Indian test volumes. This was the first year of IELTS volume decline for IDP in
               India since FY11.
               The Group was able to offset this decline by expanding into new countries including Nepal, Japan and Greece. Nepal was
               the stand-out performer in this group with very strong performance aided by rising demand for study abroad and migration
               to English speaking countries.
               Whilst volumes declined in Australia due to the impact of competition, the rate of decline slowed relative to that
               experienced during FY16.
               The average fee for English Language Testing reflects a large number of variables across IDP’s network of over 450 testing
               locations in over 50 countries. The decline in average test fees across the network largely reflects the impact of foreign
               exchange movements.

               English Language Teaching – Operational and Financial Summary

                                                                                                                                                                           Growth
                                                                                                        Unit               FY17                FY16                Unit                  %
               Courses                                                                                000’s                 76.4               68.8                  7.6             11.0%
               Revenue                                                                                  A$m                  21.2              20.3                 0.9              4.4%
               Gross Profit                                                                             A$m                  13.9               13.4                0.5              3.7%
               Gross Profit Margin                                                                         %               66%                 66%
               Average Course Fee                                                                         A$              277.5               295.1                -17.6            -6.0%
               The Average Fee for English Language Teaching is the average of all English Language Teaching revenue divided by the total volume of English teaching courses conducted
               during the period.

               IDP Education’s English Language teaching business comprises 10 schools across Cambodia, Vietnam and Thailand. The
               division posted solid growth during FY17 with Cambodia continuing its strong performance of recent years. Total course
               volumes across the division were up 11.0% for the year to a record 76,400 courses.




                                                                                                                                                                                             23
               Directors’ report
               continued


               Revenue grew by a lower rate due to a lower average course fee. This reflects a subtle shift in the markets to shorter
               courses with Vietnam in particular transitioning to shorter programs in response to changing student preferences. Foreign
               exchange rates movement (strengthening of AUD against USD) also contributed the lower average course fee compared
               with FY16.




For personal use only
               Advertising and Events – Financial Summary

                                                                                                                                  Growth
                                                                                Unit         FY17          FY16            $m                %
               Revenue                                                         A$m            15.3           8.0           7.3         91.3%
               Gross Profit                                                    A$m             6.0          -0.7           6.7        957.1%
               Gross Profit Margin                                                %          39%            -9%

               The Advertising and Events segment captures the revenue IDP generates from its student placement events and from its
               Hotcourses advertising business. Events are in-country recruitment fairs that IDP holds to promote its university clients.
               Universities that attend these events pay a fee to attend and meet IDP’s students in each source country. The events
               are generally run on a cost-recovery basis and form a key part of the marketing activities for the Group’s student
               placement business.
               The results in the table above reflect five months of ownership of Hotcourses during FY17 which is therefore the key driver
               of growth during the year. The acquisition of this business has progressed smoothly and forms a key plank in the Group’s
               digital transformation in student placement.

               Other – Financial Summary

                                                                                                                                  Growth
                                                                                Unit         FY17          FY16            $m                %
               Revenue                                                         A$m             3.6           3.7           -0.1        -2.7%
               Gross Profit                                                    A$m             1.9           2.3          -0.4        -17.4%
               Gross Profit Margin                                                %          53%           62%

               The Group generated a small amount of other revenue in FY17 which was derived via contracted activities for development
               programs initiated by government or semi-government bodies and other miscellaneous items. Revenue from these activities
               fell by 2.7% during the year.

               Financial Position
               The financial position of IDP Education remains strong. As at 30 June 2017 the Group had total assets of $240m of which
               48% related to intangible assets and the remaining being comprised primarily of cash, trade receivables and property,
               plant and equipment. Total assets exceeded total liabilities by $88.8m.
               During the year IDP Education established a new bank loan with the National Australia Bank to facilitate the acquisition
               of Hotcourses. The facility is denominated in GBP to match the GBP investments in Hotcourses. The facility has two tranches
               to align with the earn-out structure of the acquisition as follows:
               > Tranche 1 – £27.5m to fund the initial payment
               > Tranche 2 – up to £7.5m to fund the earn-out to be paid in February/March 2018 depending on certain key
                 performance indicators




     24        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               As at 30 June 2017, £4.1m of Tranche 1 had been repaid leaving a drawn amount of £23.4m. Tranche 2 was undrawn.
               The facility has a three year term.
               In addition to this acquisition facility IDP Education has a A$10.0m working capital facility. At 30 June 2017 this facility




For personal use only
               was undrawn. The total drawn debt (including the acquisition facility) is A$39.6m at 30 June 2017.
               From a cash perspective the Group had $42.0m of cash on the balance sheet as at 30 June 2017.
               As at 30 June 2017, the Group is in a net current liability position of $7.0m mainly due to the recognition of $12.0m contingent
               consideration payable from the acquisition of Hotcourses Limited.
               The Directors are of the opinion that the Group is able to manage its short, medium and long term funding and liquidity
               based on the following factors:
               > The strong performance of the Group including strong cash inflow from operating activities and the Group’s
                 cash flow forecast;
               > available unutilised finance facilities of £12.6m which have a maturity to 18 January 2020 and an A$10m unutilised
                 facility which has a maturity to 18 January 2018; and
               > The Group’s net asset position of $88.8 million.
               The Company’s strong financial position and positive cash flow enabled it to declare two dividends during the
               year comprising:
               > FY16 Final Dividend – a $13.8m (5.5 cents per share) dividend for the six months ending 30 June 2016. This dividend was
                 franked at 35%
               > Interim Dividend – a $17.5m (7 cents per share) dividend for the six months ending 31 December 2016. This dividend was
                 franked at 50%

               Foreign Exchange
               IDP Education currently earns revenues and incurs expenses in approximately 45 currencies and as a result is exposed to
               movements in foreign exchange rates. It is therefore important to consider IDP Education’s financial performance on an
               underlying basis by excluding the impact of foreign exchange movements during the year.
               To illustrate the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on the FY17 result, IDP Education has restated its FY16
               results using the foreign exchange rates that were recorded in FY17. By comparing FY17 to the restated FY16 financials, IDP
               Education is able to isolate the underlying performance of the business during the period.
               The table below summarises this analysis and shows that foreign exchange movements had a net negative impact on the
               financial performance for the year. The key foreign exchange rate that impacts IDP’s financial performance is the AUD:GBP
               rate. This impact results primarily from the GBP denoted fees IDP Education pays Cambridge Assessment each quarter for
               its role in IELTS. The financial performance in FY17 reflected a lower realised AUD:GBP rate (including hedges) relative to
               that which was realised in FY16. This thereby increased the AUD cost of the Cambridge fee as a percentage of revenue
               during the period which impacted earnings growth for Group during the period.

               Underlying Growth

                                                                                                                                      Growth
                                                                                                    Unit   FY17    FY16 *     $m                 %
               Total Revenue                                                                        A$m    394.2   349.2     45.0          12.9%
               Gross Profit                                                                         A$m    212.7    181.3     31.4            17.3%
               EBIT                                                                                 A$m     61.2     51.2     10.0         19.5%
               EBIT (Adjusted) **                                                                   A$m     62.6     51.5      11.1        21.6%
               NPAT                                                                                 A$m     41.5     37.7      3.8            10.1%
               NPAT (Adjusted) **                                                                   A$m     42.6     37.9      4.7         12.4%
               * Restated to reflect the exchange rates reflected in IDP Education’s FY17 results

               ** Adjusted EBIT and NPAT excludes acquired intangible amortisation




                                                                                                                                                      25
               Directors’ report
               continued


               IDP Education utilises a variety of methods to manage its foreign currency exchange rate risk. The key method is the use
               of forward exchange contracts and currency option contracts. IDP Education’s hedging policy requires it to put in place
               hedges to cover the expected net cash operating expense of certain currencies including British Pounds (GBP), Indian Rupee
               (INR), Chinese Yuan (CNY) and Singapore Dollar (SGD). The Board hedging policy limits the Group’s exposure to significant




For personal use only
               unfavourable foreign exchange rate movements. The use of hedging instruments could also limit the Group’s ability to
               benefit from favourable market movements.

               Business Strategy and Prospects
               The Group’s results during the period largely reflected diligent delivery of an organic growth strategy. This strategy has
               been designed to leverage past investment in the Company’s global network and capitalise on opportunities in the growing
               international student and high-stakes English language testing markets.
               In Student Placement, the multi-destination strategy has underpinned the Group’s growth over recent years. The Group
               has made substantial investments in establishing capabilities in its new destination countries (being the United States,
               the United Kingdom, Canada and New Zealand), and it expects to continue to benefit from these investments as it grows
               volumes to these destinations.
               In Australia, IDP Education is well positioned to capitalise on the continued growth in the number of international student
               enrolments to Australian institutions. IDP Education has a market leading position and strong reputation in its existing
               source countries for placing students to Australia. It will continue to build market share in these countries and will also
               look to leverage this capability and reputation by selectively and incrementally expanding its source country presence.
               In addition to this organic volume growth IDP Education intends to drive longer term growth in Student Placement through
               the use of technology. IDP Education’s digital strategy is focusing on creating a digital platform for international students
               to engage with IDP Education beyond just the traditional face-to-face counselling service which is the main element of the
               current service offering. By establishing a digital platform IDP Education intends to enhance the experience of all of its
               customers and provide deeper and richer ways to engage with the student and universities throughout the international
               student journey.
               IDP Education is also well positioned to capitalise on the continued growth in global demand for high-stakes English
               language testing driven by the ongoing requirement for English language capability for the purpose of study, work and
               migration. In addition to volume growth in existing markets IDP will seek new growth through the expansion into new
               markets where it has not previously tested.
               The IELTS partners, IDP Education, British Council and Cambridge Assessment, are also investing significantly in systems,
               testing approaches and technology to advance and improve the IELTS product.

               Risks
               An investor in IDP Education needs to consider the risks that have the potential to impact the financial performance of the
               Company going forward. A number of these key risks are summarised below.
               Regulatory risk – The Group generates a substantial amount of income from placing international students into education
               institutions in Australia, the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada and New Zealand. To the extent that any of these
               destination countries alter immigration policies, regulation or visa requirements that reduce the number of student or migration
               visas that they grant, this will have a direct impact on IDP Education’s student placement enrolment volumes and/or IELTS
               test volumes and therefore revenue. Changes by government immigration authorities in these destination countries that
               decrease or remove the acceptance of IELTS, increase competition from other providers or change the way that tests are
               administered, could also have a material and adverse impact on the Group’s financial position and performance.
               Geopolitical – Political events and tension, unfavourable press, negative international relations and other international events
               may reduce the attractiveness of particular destination countries for students and other migrants originating from particular
               source countries. Any future circumstances which reduce the attractiveness of a particular destination country to foreign
               students or other migrants may have a material and adverse impact on the Group’s financial position and performance.




     26        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               Risks of operating a global company – The global footprint which IDP Education operates across is exposed to regulatory,
               operating and management complexities and risks. There are certain risks inherent in doing business in foreign jurisdictions
               such as unexpected changes in legal and regulatory requirements, difficulties in managing foreign operations, longer
               payment cycles, problems in collecting accounts receivable, political instability, expropriation, nationalisation, the




For personal use only
               application of sanctions, embargoes or export and trade restrictions and war. There may also be foreign exchange controls
               which restrict or prohibit repatriation of funds and prohibitions and delays from customers or government agencies. These
               issues may arise from time to time, in the foreign jurisdictions in which IDP Education operates, which could have a material
               and adverse impact on the company’s financial position and performance.
               Competition – IDP Education operates in highly competitive markets across all of its geographies and products. IELTS in
               particular competes with a number of alternative high-stakes English language tests and, in most jurisdictions, IDP
               Education competes with the British Council as a distributor of IELTS. The following factors have the potential to reduce the
               number or profitability of IELTS tests that are conducted by IDP Education and therefore could have a material and adverse
               impact on the Company’s financial position and performance: (i) the cost of sitting alternative high-stakes English language
               tests being lower than that for IELTS; (ii) increased acceptance by destination education institutions and immigration
               departments of alternative high-stakes English language tests; (iii) an increase in the number of testing centres, and times,
               at which alternative high-stakes English language tests can be taken; (iv) alternative high-stakes English language tests
               being marked in quicker timeframes when compared to those for IELTS; or (v) alternative high-stakes English language tests
               being perceived to be fairer and/or more suited to people whose first language is not English.

               Relationship with Education Australia
               Education Australia, which represents 38 Australian universities, owns approximately 50% of the Shares of IDP Education
               Limited. The Constitution of IDP Education Limited requires that:
               > for such time as Education Australia is registered as the holder of at least 10% of the voting securities in the Company
                 (Securities), a majority of the Board is to comprise, collectively, Independent Directors (as defined in the Constitution) and
                 representatives of Education Australia; or
               > if at any time Education Australia ceases to hold at least 10% of the Securities, a majority of the Board is to comprise
                 Independent Directors only.
               Accordingly, there exists the potential for Education Australia to exert a significant degree of influence over the Company’s
               management and affairs and over matters requiring Shareholder approval, including (among other things) the election of
               Directors and the approval of significant corporate transactions.


               Directors
               The following persons were Directors of IDP Education Limited during the financial year and up to the date of this report
               unless otherwise stated:

               Name                                        Particulars
               Peter Polson                                Non-Executive Director and Chairman
               Andrew Barkla                               Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
               Ariane Barker                               Non-Executive Director
               Professor David Battersby AM                Non-Executive Director
               Chris Leptos AM                             Non-Executive Director
               Belinda Robinson                            Non-Executive Director
               Greg West                                   Non-Executive Director


               Details of each Director’s qualifications, experience and special responsibilities are set out on page 14 to 15.




                                                                                                                                                  27
               Directors’ report
               continued


               Company Secretary
               The Company Secretary is Murray Walton, who is also the Chief Financial Officer of the Group. Murray Walton is a member
               of Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand.




For personal use only
               Meetings of Directors
               The following table sets out the number of meetings (including meetings of committees of directors), held for the year and
               the number of meetings attended by each Director.

                                                                              Audit and Risk      Remuneration            Nomination
                                                              Board            Committee           Committee              Committee
                                                    Attended          Held   Attended    Held   Attended     Held     Attended       Held
               Peter Polson                               8            8        6          7       3           3           2             2
               Andrew Barkla                              8            8        –          –       –           –           –             –
               Ariane Barker                              8            8        7          7       3           3           2             2
               Professor David Battersby AM               8            8        –          –       –           –          2              2
               Chris Leptos AM                            8            8        –          –       3           3          2              2
               Belinda Robinson                           6            8        –          –       –           –           1             2
               Greg West                                  8            8        7          7       –           –          2              2


               Principal activities
               The Group’s principal activities during the year were:
               > placement of international students into education institutions in Australia, UK, USA, Canada and New Zealand. Services
                 include counselling, application processing and pre-departure guidance;
               > distribution and administration of International English Language Testing System (“IELTS”) tests, a globally recognised
                 high-stakes English language test for study, work and migration purposes. IDP Education is a co-owner of IELTS with the
                 British Council;
               > operation of English language schools in Vietnam, Cambodia and Thailand; and
               > operation of online education search websites.
               Except for the expansion into the operation of online education search websites, there was no significant change in the
               nature of these activities during the year.


               Significant changes in state of affairs
               Acquisition of Hotcourses Limited
               On 16 January 2017, IDP Education entered into an agreement to acquire 100% of the shares in Hotcourses Limited
               (“Hotcourses”), a digital marketing and online student recruitment company in the UK.
               Hotcourses owns and operates a portfolio of education search websites that help students make the right study choices
               and connect with universities and colleges around the world. Hotcourses provides students with unique online tools to
               search for appropriate courses and plan their studies.
               The acquisition was a strategic transaction that will accelerate IDP Education’s vision of building the world’s leading
               platform and connected community, to guide students along their journey to achieve learning and career aspirations.
               The acquisition provides an immediate digital pathway and scale to broaden IDP Education’s global portfolio and meet
               future demand.
               Under the terms of the acquisition agreement, IDP Education Limited acquired Hotcourses for a total acquisition price of
               GBP 35m (AUD 57.4m). The consideration is structured in two tranches with 75% of the enterprise value paid upfront and the
               remaining 25% paid in 12 months subject to a number of performance conditions. The acquisition was funded via debt with
               IDP Education entering into an acquisition facility for the entire purchase price. The acquisition was completed on
               31 January 2017.




     28        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               Future developments
               Likely developments in, and expected results of the operations of the Group in subsequent years are referred to on page 26
               except to the extent disclosure of the information would be likely to result in unreasonable prejudice to the Group. The type




For personal use only
               of information not disclosed includes commercial in confidence information such as detailed operational plans and
               strategies that would provide third parties with a commercial advantage.


               Dividends
               In respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2017, an interim dividend of 7.0 cents per share franked at 50% was paid
               on 31 March 2017. A final dividend of 5.50 cents per share franked at 55% was declared on 21 August 2017, payable on
               28 September 2017 to shareholders registered on 7 September 2017.
               In respect of the financial year ended 30 June 2016, a special dividend of 12.0 cents per share franked at 24.5% was paid
               on 16 November 2015 prior to the IPO. A final dividend of 5.5 cents per share franked at 35% was paid on 30 September 2016.


               Events subsequent to balance date
               On 4 July 2017, IDP Education completed the investment of a 20% equity interest in HCP Limited, a Chinese company
               specialising in delivering English language test preparation materials via social media and its mobile app, for total
               consideration of $6.4m.
               The investment provides IDP Education with a significant opportunity to further develop its student placement business
               in China by securing access to a growing digital community of prospective international students.
               It also provides IDP Education with exposure to the large IELTS test preparation market in China. In 2016, HCP provided
               more than 30,000 online courses to students to help improve their speaking, reading, writing and listening and has plans
               to expand its offering in English language teaching and test preparation.
               The investment will be made in two tranches with an upfront payment of $4.1m completed on 4th July 2017 followed by
               up to a further $2.3m in twelve months based on certain key performance indicators.


               Directors’ interests in securities
               The relevant interests of Directors in the Company’s securities at the date of this report were:

                                                                                                                                Performance
                                                                                    Ordinary Shares                Options            Rights
               Peter Polson                                                                   104,390                     –                    –
               Andrew Barkla                                                                        –             4,150,000          455,443
               Ariane Barker                                                                   18,867                     –                    –
               Professor David Battersby AM                                                         –                     –                    –
               Chris Leptos AM                                                                 18,867                     –                    –
               Belinda Robinson                                                                6,000                      –                    –
               Greg West                                                                       74,617                     –                    –


               Environmental regulation and performance
               The Group’s operations are not subject to any significant environmental regulations under the government legislation
               of the countries it operates in. The Group’s environmental footprint is small and arises primarily from the energy used and
               materials consumed in its offices. The Board believes that the consolidated company has adequate systems in place for
               the monitoring of environmental regulations.




                                                                                                                                                   29
               Directors’ report
               continued


               Indemnification and insurance of officers
               During the year, the Company paid a premium in respect of a contract insuring the Directors of IDP Education (as named
               above), the Company Secretary, Murray Walton, and all executive officers of IDP Education against a liability incurred




For personal use only
               as such a Director, secretary or executive officer to the extent permitted by the Corporations Act 2001. The contract of
               insurance prohibits disclosure of the nature of the liability and the amount of the premium. The Company has not otherwise,
               during or since the end of the financial year, except to the extent permitted by law, indemnified or agreed to indemnify an
               officer against a liability incurred as such an officer.


               Non-audit services
               The Group may decide to employ the auditor on assignments additional to their statutory audit duties where the auditor’s
               expertise and experience with the Group are essential and will not compromise their independence.
               Details of amounts paid or payable to the auditor Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu for audit and for non-audit services provided
               during the year are outlined in Note 23 to the financial statements.
               The Directors have considered the non-audit services provided during the year and are satisfied these services are compatible
               with the general standard of independence for auditors imposed by the Corporations Act 2001 for the following reasons:
               > All non-audit services have been reviewed and approved to ensure that they do not impact the integrity and objectivity
                 of the auditor; and
               > None of the services undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence as set out in APES 110 ‘Code of
                 Ethics for Professional Accountants’ issued by the Accounting Professional & Ethical Standards Board, including reviewing
                 or auditing the auditor’s own work, acting in a management or decision-making capacity for the Group, acting as
                 advocate for the Group or jointly sharing economic risks and rewards.


               Auditor’s independence declaration
               A copy of the auditor’s independence declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001 is set out
               on page 51.


               Auditor rotation
               In accordance with section 324DAA of the Corporations Act 2001 and the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Committee,
               the lead audit partner’s rotation period as auditor has been extended for 1 year to 30 June 2017.
               It was noted that given the recent changes to IDP Education’s Board, Committee and management team, the Audit and Risk
               Committee were satisfied that the approval;
               > Is consistent with maintaining the quality of the audit provided to IDP Education; and
               > Would not give rise to a conflict of interest situation (as defined in section 324CD of the Corporations Act).
               The lead audit partner is due to rotate for the year ended 30 June 2018 audit.


               Rounding of amounts to the nearest thousand dollars
               The Group is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191 dated
               24 March 2016, and in accordance with that Corporates Instruments amounts in the Directors’ report and financial report
               are rounded off, to the nearest thousand dollars, or in certain cases, to the nearest dollar.


               Corporate governance policies
               IDP Education is committed to strong and effective governance frameworks. IDP Education’s Corporate Governance
               Statement, in addition to corporate governance policies are available in the Investor Centre – Corporate Governance
               section of the company Website, at https://investors.idp.com/Investor-Centre/?page=Corporate-Governance




     30        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               Letter from Remuneration Committee Chairman
               Dear Shareholder,




For personal use only
               On behalf of the Board I am pleased to introduce IDP Education Limited’s (IDP) 2017 Remuneration Report for which we seek
               your support at our Annual General Meeting in October 2017.
               The financial year just completed was our first full year of operation as an ASX listed company. As detailed in the financial
               section of our Report, 2017 was a record year in terms of both revenue and earnings and I am pleased to say we remain on
               track to deliver on our ambitious growth plans.
               IDP is a global education company operating in over 30 countries around the world with a significant presence in Asia,
               the Middle East, North America, Europe and Australasia. The company experienced volume growth across all product
               categories and significant growth in student placement, driven by our multi-destination offerings. During the year, we
               became a leader in digital education search and student engagement. Our technology delivery strategy was enhanced
               by the acquisition of Hotcourses as we grew our international network across Asia, Australasia and the rest of the world.
               Throughout the year management has:
               > Broadened our offer to both students and clients;
               > Expanded our addressable market to students who may otherwise not use a placement agent;
               > Accelerated our ability to develop and deploy world-class digital solutions tailored for the education industry;
               > Enhanced our connectivity to the strategically important UK market;
               > Supported the roll out of a virtual agency model; and
               > Strengthened our role as a leading provider of international student placement services, high-stakes English language
                 testing services and operator of English language schools in South East Asia.
               We have paid franked dividends in line with the IPO prospectus, and the IDP share price (at the date of writing this report)
               has increased by more than 90% since our IPO in November 2015. This positive outcome for shareholders has resulted in
               management achieving above average target awards under the annual incentive plan and are on track to meet the long-
               term hurdles set under our long-term equity incentive schemes. A number of these schemes date back to 2014.
               The Board considers its role in setting executive remuneration policies and practices to be a key responsibility. We were
               however criticised by some shareholders that reacted negatively to certain elements of our Board and executive KMP
               remuneration.
               Accordingly, during the year we commissioned an independent review of the remuneration policies and practices we
               adopted in the pre and post IPO period by John Egan of Egan Associates.
               In summary, the Egan Associates report indicated that IDP’s remuneration framework for the leadership team was reflective
               of generally accepted market practice leading up to listing and remains so.
               Their report indicated that the foundation upon which the Board determined executive KMP remuneration opportunities was
               appropriate on the basis of the facts known at the time and was supported by independent advice. They commented that
               while there were general observations from a number of proxy advisers in relation to the continuing use of total shareholder
               return as a measure of the company’s performance the market generally has not yet provided a widely adopted alternative.
               Egan Associates acknowledge, consistent with the observations of some proxy advisers, that total shareholder return if
               used as a sole measure is perceived to have some suboptimal attributes.
               In conclusion, and within the context of the Corporations Act, Egan Associates formed the view that the decisions made by
               the Board were reasonable. In forming this view, John Egan had extensive discussions with myself as Chairman, our long
               established remuneration adviser, Ian Crichton of Crichton & Associates, and our General Manager People & Culture,
               Georgia Murphy. Egan Associates also confirmed that the information set out in the Prospectus which was available to
               shareholders prior to the company’s listing was consistent with the disclosed arrangements in the 2016 Remuneration
               Report attached to the Directors Report of our Annual Report.
               As Chair of the Board’s Remuneration Committee I have, during the past year, worked closely with my fellow Directors, our
               external advisers and management to ensure that we have an effective remuneration framework which will continue to
               drive results and motivate staff at all levels in the organisation. During the year I have also met with a number of our key
               shareholders and those who commented on our first Remuneration Report published last year.




                                                                                                                                               31
               Directors’ report
               continued


               Our framework is designed to:
               > Provide a key link between performance and outcomes;
               > Ensure that remuneration outcomes are consistent with IDP’s short and long-term objectives, including risk management




For personal use only
                 practices that will support and sustain performance over the long term; and
               > Attract and retain key talent appropriate to our business model.
               In the 2017 Financial Year, your company has maintained the remuneration framework which was disclosed in the
               Prospectus and in our 2016 Annual Report. We have done so on the basis of confirmation from both Egan Associates and our
               adviser, Ian Crichton, that our current practices reflect contemporary market practice. We have not adjusted remuneration
               to reflect our current standing (Market Capitalisation) on the ASX and the significant uplift in the company’s market value,
               believing it was prudent to ensure the sustainability of your company’s performance and market positioning for, at least,
               a further twelve months.
               We have considered and are in the process of documenting, approving and implementing new and updated policies in
               relation to the following:
               > Malus and Clawback;
               > Minimum Shareholding Guidelines;
               > Regulations on the use of Remuneration Consultants;
               > Certain leaver provisions; and
               > Recruitment incentives; and NED equity participation.
               In striving to adopt and maintain ‘best practice’ standards for a rapidly growing company the Board will be undertaking a
               comprehensive evaluation of our Board and executive remuneration during FY18. The review will encompass the following:
               > Overall strategy;
               > Current and future reward mix (fixed versus variable);
               > Key performance indicator components, weightings and measures;
               > Short term incentive (STI) design, including deferral; and
               > Long term incentive (LTI) design, including participation, allocations, performance conditions and award type.
               Should changes arise from this comprehensive review they will be presented to shareholders in our 2018 Remuneration
               Report. In undertaking the before mentioned review I can assure shareholders that we will at all times strive to align
               remuneration with their interests.




               Peter Polson
               Chair of the Remuneration Committee
               Melbourne
               21 August 2017




     32        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               Remuneration report

               Key management personnel (KMP) is defined by AASB 124 Related Party disclosures. Only Directors, the Chief Executive
               Officer and executives that have the authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of
               IDP Education, directly or indirectly and are responsible for the entity’s governance are classified as KMP.




For personal use only
               The KMP of IDP Education for the year ended 30 June 2017 were:

                                                  Position                                                 Period as KMP
               Executive KMP
               Andrew Barkla                      Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer            17 August 2015 to Current
               Murray Walton                      Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary            9 March 2010 to Current
               Warwick Freeland                   Chief Strategy Officer and                               10 August 2008 to Current
                                                  Managing Director IELTS Australia
               Non-Executive Directors
               Peter Polson                       Chair                                                    21 March 2007 to Current
               Ariane Barker                      Non-Executive Director                                   12 November 2015 to Current
               Professor David Battersby AM       Non-Executive Director                                   9 February 2011 to Current
               Chris Leptos AM                    Non-Executive Director                                   12 November 2015 to Current
               Belinda Robinson                   Non-Executive Director                                   12 November 2015 to Current
               Greg West                          Non-Executive Director                                   4 December 2006 to Current


               Remuneration governance
               This section of the Remuneration Report describes the role of the Board and the Remuneration Committee, and the use
               of remuneration consultants when making remuneration decisions.


               Role of the Board and the Remuneration Committee
               The board of directors of IDP Education (Board) is responsible for IDP Education’s remuneration strategy and policy.
               Consistent with this responsibility, the Board has established the Remuneration Committee (the Committee).
               In summary, the role of the Committee includes assisting and advising the Board on remuneration policies and practices for
               the Board, the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), the Chief Financial Officer (CFO), senior executives and other persons whose
               activities, individually or collectively, affect the financial soundness of the Company. The Committee advises the Board on
               remuneration practices and policies which are fair and responsible, by recognising the correlation between performance
               targets and reward, in order to provide the best value to shareholders.




                                                                                                                                             33
               Remuneration report
               continued


               The Committee’s role and interaction with the Board, internal and external advisors, are further illustrated below:


                                                                            The Board




For personal use only
                            Reviews, applies judgement and, as appropriate, approves Remuneration Committee’s recommendations




                                                                 Remuneration Committee
                                       The Remuneration Committee operates under the delegated authority of the Board.
                        The Remuneration Committee is empowered to obtain independent professional and other advice in the fulfilment
                           of its duties at the cost of the Company (subject to prior consultation with the chairman of the Board); and
                                    Obtain such resources and information from the Company, in the fulfilment of its duties,
                                         as it may reasonably require to assist the Board in relation to the following:


                 Remuneration framework              Legislative, regulatory or   Design features of incentive   Trends in base pay for
                 for Chair, non executive-           market developments in       schemes and equity based       senior executives relative
                 directors, and remuneration         relation to remuneration     remuneration                   to all Company employees
                 packages for CEO and                and superannuation
                 senior executives


                 External Consultants


                                                                                  Internal resources


               Further information on the Committee’s role, responsibilities and membership is contained in the Corporate Governance
               Statement. The Remuneration Committee Charter can also be viewed in the Investor Centre, Corporate Governance section
               of the IDP Education website.
               As at 30 June 2017, the Committee comprised the following non-executive directors:
               > Mr Peter Polson (Chair)
               > Ms Ariane Barker
               > Mr Chris Leptos
               The Directors’ Report provides information regarding:
               > skills, experience and expertise of the Committee members; and
               > number of meetings and attendance of members at the Committee meetings




     34        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               Use of remuneration consultants
               The Board directly engages external advisors to provide input to the process of reviewing Executive KMP and non-executive
               Director remuneration. A Use of Remuneration Consultants Policy was approved by the Board on 21 August 2017.




For personal use only
               During FY17, Crichton and Associates Pty Limited (Crichton and Associates) were engaged by the Board to provide
               recommendations in relation to long-term incentive programmes. Crichton and Associates were paid $20,205 for
               these services.
               The following arrangements were made to ensure that the remuneration recommendations have been made free from
               undue influence:
               > Crichton and Associates takes instructions from an independent non-executive Director and the Committee and is
                 accountable to the Board for all work completed;
               > During the course of any assignment, Crichton and Associates may seek input from management, however deliverables
                 are provided directly to the Remuneration Committee and considered by the Board; and
               > Professional fee arrangements are agreed directly with the Remuneration Committee Chairman.
               As a consequence, the Board is satisfied that the remuneration recommendations were made free from undue influence
               from any member of the KMP.
               In addition to providing remuneration recommendations, Crichton and Associates also provided services relating to other
               aspects of remuneration of the Group’s employees, including the provision of valuation services and IDP Education Employee
               Incentive Plan (IDIP) award offer documentation and advice. For these services Crichton and Associates was paid $45,267
               during FY17.


               Remuneration strategy
               IDP Education’s Board Remuneration Policy aims to set employee and executive remuneration that is fair, competitive and
               appropriate for the markets in which it operates and is mindful of internal relativities. IDP Education aims to ensure that the
               mix and balance of remuneration is appropriate to reward fairly, attract, motivate and retain senior executives and other
               key employees.
               Specific objectives of IDP Education’s remuneration strategy include:
               > provide a fair and competitive (internal and external) fixed annual remuneration for all positions under transparent
                 policies and review procedures;
               > link executive rewards to shareholder value accretion by providing appropriate equity (or equivalent) incentives to
                 selected senior executives and employees linked to long-term company performance and core values;
               > provide competitive total rewards to attract and retain appropriately skilled employees and executives;
               > have a meaningful portion of remuneration ‘at risk’, dependent upon meeting pre-determined benchmarks, both short
                 (annual) and long term (3+ years); and
               > establishing appropriate, demanding performance hurdles for any executive equity incentive remuneration.




                                                                                                                                                 35
               Remuneration report
               continued


               Executive KMP remuneration strategy and objectives are summarised in the following table:


                IDP Executive KMP Remuneration Objectives




For personal use only
                 Shareholder value creation          An appropriate balance of     Creation of award              Attract motivate and retain
                 through equity components           ‘fixed’ and ‘at risk’         differentiation to drive       executive talent required
                                                     components                    performance culture            at stage of development
                                                                                   and behaviours



                 Total Annual Remuneration (TAR) or Total Target Remuneration (TTR) is set by reference to relevant
                 market benchmarks



                 Fixed                                    At Risk



                 Fixed Annual Remuneration                Short Term Incentives                       Long Term Incentives
                 (FAR)                                    (STI)                                       (LTI)

                 Fixed remuneration is set                STI performance criteria are set by         Targets are linked to IDP group
                 based on relevant market                 reference to Group, Business Unit           objectives such as EPS and TSR CAGR
                 relativities, reflecting                 and Individual performance targets
                 responsibilities, performance,           appropriate to the specific position
                 qualifications, experience and
                 geographic location



                 Remuneration will be delivered as:



                 Base salary plus any                     Paid as cash on completion of the           Awarded as equity and vest (or not)
                 allowances (includes                     relevant performance period. Deferral       at the end of the performance period
                 Superannuation for                       of a portion of the STI into equity
                 Australian Executives)                   (performance rights) to be considered



                 Total Annual Remuneration (TAR) or Total Target Remuneration (TTR)
                 TAR or TTR is intended to be positioned in the 3rd quartile compared to relevant market based comparisons. 4th quartile
                 TAR or TTR may be derived if demonstrable out performance is achieved by IDP.



               Executive remuneration mix
               IDP Education endeavours to provide an appropriate and competitive mix of remuneration components balanced between
               fixed and at risk and paid both in cash and deferred equity.




     36        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               Remuneration overview
               As discussed above, each executive’s total remuneration package may be comprised of the following elements:




For personal use only
               > Fixed Annual Remuneration (FAR)
               > At-Risk Remuneration:
                   – Short Term Incentive (STI)
                   – Long Term Incentive (LTI)
               The illustration below provides an overview of the average FY17 Total Target Remuneration mix for the CEO, other Executive
               KMP and senior executives of IDP Education.

                                 FY17 Total Target (target)
               FY17 Total Target Remuneration Mix   Remuneration Mix (target)

                                        CEO                                   45%                                               27.5%                                  27.5%




                                        KMP                                         53%                                                     26%                              21%




                        Senior Executives                                           53%                                                     28.5%                            18.5%


                                                         FAR%                 STI%               LTI%


               In determining the Total Target Remuneration mix for the CEO and Executive KMP, the Board has considered the following:
               > Setting market competitive Fixed Annual Remuneration;
               > Achieving an appropriate mix between fixed and variable remuneration;
               > Providing a meaningful short term incentive (between 50% and 60% of FAR) aligned to the achievement of key financial
                 and other organisational metrics over the current financial year; and
               > Providing meaningful long term incentives (between 40% and 50% of FAR) aligned to meeting benchmark earnings
                 (EPS CAGR) and share growth (relative TSR) targets over a three (3) year performance period.
               It is intended that if the benchmark targets are achieved then IDP Education will have outperformed and the CEO and
               executive KMP will achieve top quartile remuneration benefits.
               The reward mix and performance expectations are reviewed annually.


               Executive KMP Remuneration Mix
               The mix of remuneration for the Executive KMP in FY17 is shown in the following table and a detailed description of each is
               discussed in more detail below:

                                                                                                                        Short Term                   Short Term                  Long Term
                                                                                       Fixed Annual                      Incentive                     Incentive                  Incentive
                                                                                    Remuneration ($)                (At-Target) ($)1               (Stretch) ($)2           (At-Target) ($)3
               Executive KMP
               Andrew Barkla                                                                     800,000                     480,000                      643,200                     480,000
               Murray Walton                                                                      391,000                     195,500                      261,970                    136,850
               Warwick Freeland                                                                   416,484                     208,242                     279,044                     587,4184
               1. For Executive KMP, the STI is the total payment at-target as a % of the FAR

               2. For Executive KMP, STIs have a stretch component that is designed to encourage above at-target performance

               3.	For Executive KMP, the LTI refers to the value, at-target, of any grant as a % of FAR. The number of performance rights issued is calculated by dividing the LTI
                   value by the previous five days volume weighted average share price (ASX: IEL) at the grant date

               4. This includes the FY17 Special Incentive Award which is a one off LTI Award


                                                                                                                                                                                                 37
               Remuneration report
               continued


               Fixed Annual Remuneration
               Fixed Annual Remuneration represents the fixed portion of executive remuneration and includes base salary, salary
               packaged benefits, allowances and employer superannuation contributions.




For personal use only
               IDP Education’s approach to FAR settings is to aim to position all executives between the median and 75th percentile.
               The table below applied logically, can be used as a guide to IDP Education’s remuneration setting process.

               Relative Positioning                       Comments
               1st Quartile                               Inexperienced in the position but coping, or an experienced employee exhibiting
                                                          performance gaps.
               2nd Quartile                               Experienced in the position, usually with a minimum of two years’ service. In the
                                                          competent range, but capable of further development or improvement in the role.
               Mid-point (Median)                         Fully competent executive or employee making a consistent and sound contribution,
                                                          coping with and sometimes exceeding all the demands of the position.
               3rd Quartile                               Very experienced executive, exhibiting demonstrably superior performance. External
                                                          appointees would often be recruited at this level. That is between the median and
                                                          75th percentile. The majority of senior executives would be likely to be paid at the
                                                          62.5th percentile. That is the middle of the 3rd quartile.
               4th Quartile                               Only outstanding and strategically critical executives would be remunerated in the
                                                          4th quartile. Care should be taken not to duplicate or inflate TAR through STI or LTI
                                                          at this level. Less than 10% of executives likely to be paid at this level.

               Executive KMP FAR is tested regularly for market competitiveness by reference to appropriate independent and externally
               sourced comparable benchmark information, including comparable Australian Stock Exchange (ASX) listed companies,
               and based on a range of size criteria including market capitalisation taking into account an executive’s responsibilities,
               performance, qualifications, experience and geographic location.
               FAR adjustments, if any, are made with reference to individual performance, an increase in job role or responsibility,
               changing market circumstances as reflected through independent benchmark assessments or through promotion.
               Any adjustments made to Executive KMP remuneration are approved by the Board, based on Committee recommendations
               referring to benchmarking data and the guidance of the independent remuneration consultant where appropriate.


               Short-term incentive
               IDP Education has target based short-term incentive plans in place for all Executive KMP.
               Performance criteria set for STI plans will reflect fundamental strategic or performance objectives to ensure a focussed
               and successful performance incentive program.
               The target and maximum annual STI that may be awarded to Executive KMP is expressed as a percentage of FAR.
               The key features of the STI plan are as follows:

               Purpose                           The STI arrangements at IDP Education are designed to reward executives for achievement
                                                 against annual performance targets set by the Board at the beginning of the performance
                                                 period. The STI program is reviewed annually by the Remuneration Committee and approved
                                                 by the Board.
               Performance criteria              During FY17, the key performance criteria of IDP Education were directed to achieving the
                                                 following Board approved targets:
                                                 > Earnings before Interest and Taxation;
                                                 > Growth in IELTS test volumes in new entrant countries;
                                                 > Growth in source countries achieving target volumes of applied students to UK and Canada;
                                                 > Delivery of programs to support the execution of IDP’s business strategy and enhance
                                                   operational capability globally; and
                                                 > Leadership in relation to programs to improve customer experience and advance IDP’s
                                                   technological innovation and capabilities.
                                                 The Board believes that these specific STI performance criteria will encourage an increase
                                                 in financial performance, market share and shareholder returns.

     38        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               Rewarding performance         The STI performance weightings are determined under a predetermined matrix with the Board
                                             determination final.
                                             Executive KMP’s STI have a stretch component that is designed to encourage above at-target




For personal use only
                                             performance.
               Performance period            The STI performance period is for the financial year 1 July to 30 June.
               STI payment                   The current year, CEO’s STI is paid as follows:
                                             > STI amounts up to $100,000 and 50% of any amount above $100,000 will be paid in cash
                                               subsequent to 30 June 2017 following completion of the performance period and audit of
                                               the associated financial statements; and
                                             > 50% of any amount above $100,000 will be satisfied through a grant of service rights
                                               issued under the IDIP. The service rights are subject to a vesting condition that the CEO
                                               remains employed for a further 12 months from the end of the financial year.
                                             The STI of remaining Executive KMPs was paid in cash subsequent to 30 June 2017 following
                                             completion of the performance period and audit of the associated financial statements.


               Long-term incentives
               The IDP Education Employee Incentive Plan (IDIP) is the Company’s employee equity scheme.
               The IDIP has been structured to meet contemporary equity design standards and enables the Company to offer selected
               employees a range of different remuneration, incentive awards or employee share scheme interests.
               The flexible design accommodates current and future needs with seven possible award structures available. The Company
               has currently offered three of these, Performance Rights, Options and Service Rights, to Executive KMP, senior executives and
               directors as depicted below.

               Awards Available under the IDIP
                Performance        Options           Service Rights    Exempt Shares     Cash Rights       Deferred          Stock
                Rights                                                                                     Shares            Appreciation
                                                                                                                             Rights

               IDP Education has offered a range of LTI Awards under the IDIP. These Awards are designed to assist in the motivation
               and retention of senior management and other selected employees in line with contemporary market practice.
               The vesting conditions were designed to achieve the long term objectives of the Company as identified by the Board
               at the time of granting and the individual LTI awards have included some of the following criteria:
               > Achievement of forecast or target financial performance measures, including:
                   – Net Profit After Tax;
                   – Earnings per share compound annual growth;
                   – Total shareholder return compound annual growth; or
                   – IDP comparative ranking of total shareholder return (TSR) against the component companies in the ASX300
                     Discretionary Index.
               The vesting conditions also include continuous service over the three year LTI period to promote talent retention.
               The Board believes that the specific LTI vesting conditions will ensure the alignment of KMP’s awards with shareholder
               returns. As at 30 June 2017, Executive KMP participate in the following Awards under the IDIP:
               > the Prospectus Performance Award;
               > the 2014 LTI Award;
               > the FY16 Award;
               > the FY17 Award;
               > the FY17 Special Incentive Award;
               > the CEO Incentive Award Options; and
               > Deferred STI grant.



                                                                                                                                               39
               Remuneration report
               continued


               The key features of the LTI plans are as follows:

                                  Performance                     Grant
                                  rights/options      Grant       date fair   Exercise                                                  Vesting




For personal use only
               LTI Award          awards              date        value ($)   price ($)   Vesting conditions                            date
               Prospectus         Performance         21-Feb-14   1.40        0.00        Achievement of pro forma forecast NPAT        24-Aug-17
               Performance        Rights                                                  for FY16 per the IDP Prospectus1
               Award
                                                                                          Continuous employment with IDP until
                                                                                          Vesting Date2
               2014 LTI Award Performance             21-Feb-14   1.40        0.00        EPS target compound annual growth rate        31-Aug-17
                              Rights                                                      (CAGR) from completion of the IPO to
                                                                                          30 June 2017 3
                                                                                          Continuous employment with IDP until
                                                                                          Vesting Date
               FY16 Award         Performance         19-Oct-15   1.68        0.00        Achievement of pro forma forecast earnings 31-Aug-18
               – Tranche 1        Rights                                                  for FY16 per the IDP Prospectus
                                                                                          Continuous employment with IDP until
                                                                                          Vesting Date
                                                                                          Completion of the IPO before 17 Aug 2017
                                                                                          with a market capitalisation (based on
                                                                                          offer price) is at least $400m
               FY16 Award         Performance         19-Oct-15   1.68        0.00        NPAT CAGR from 1 July 2016 to 30 June 20184 31-Aug-18
               – Tranche 2        Rights
                                                                                          Continuous employment with IDP until
                                                                                          Vesting Date
                                                                                          Completion of the IPO before 17 Aug 2017
                                                                                          with a market capitalisation (based on
                                                                                          offer price) is at least $400m
               FY16 Award         Performance         19-Oct-15   0.95        0.00        Total shareholder return (TSR) CAGR from      31-Aug-18
               – Tranche 3        Rights                                                  grant date to 30 June 20185
                                                                                          Continuous employment with IDP until
                                                                                          Vesting Date
                                                                                          Completion of the IPO before 17 Aug 2017
                                                                                          with a market capitalisation (based on
                                                                                          offer price) is at least $400m
               FY17 Award         Performance         14-Sep-16   3.83        0.00        EPS target CAGR over the period 1 July 2016   31-Aug-19
               – Tranche 1        Rights                                                  to 30 June 20196
                                                                                          Continuous employment with IDP until
                                                                                          Vesting Date
               FY17 Award         Performance         14-Sep-16   2.56        0.00        Ranking in TSR against the ASX300         31-Aug-19
               – Tranche 2        Rights                                                  Consumer Discretionary Accumulation Index
                                                                                          (XDKAI) from grant date to 30 June 20197
                                                                                          Continuous employment with IDP until
                                                                                          Vesting Date
               FY17 Special       Performance         14-Sep-16   4.02        0.00        First production deployment of computer-      31-Dec-17
               Incentive          Rights                                                  based IELTS
               Award
                                                                                          Continuous employment with IDP until
               – Tranche 1
                                                                                          Vesting Date8
               FY17 Special       Performance         14-Sep-16   3.93        0.00        Deployment of a strong, agreed IELTS          30-Sep-18
               Incentive          Rights                                                  product roadmap
               Award
                                                                                          Continuous employment with IDP until
               – Tranche 2
                                                                                          Vesting Date


     40        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
                                       Performance                              Grant
                                       rights/options          Grant            date fair      Exercise                                                                         Vesting
               LTI Award               awards                  date             value ($)      price ($)       Vesting conditions                                               date




For personal use only
               CEO Incentive           Options9                17-Aug-1510 0.60                1.44            Achievement of pro forma forecast earnings 31-Aug-18
               Award                                                                                           for FY16 per the IDP Prospectus
               – Tranche 1
                                                                                                               Continuous employment with IDP until
                                                                                                               Vesting Date
               CEO Incentive           Options9                17-Aug-1510 0.60                1.44            NPAT CAGR from 1 July 2016 to 30 June 2018                       31-Aug-18
               Award
                                                                                                               Continuous employment with IDP until
               – Tranche 2
                                                                                                               Vesting Date
               CEO Incentive           Options9                17-Aug-1510 0.51                1.44            Total shareholder return (TSR) CAGR from                         31-Aug-18
               Award                                                                                           grant date to 30 June 2018
               – Tranche 3
                                                                                                               Continuous employment with IDP until
                                                                                                               Vesting Date
               1. NPAT achieved exceeded pro forma forecast.100% of Performance Rights vested on 31 August 2016, subject to an additional Service Vesting Condition

               2. An additional Service Vesting Condition requires that participants maintain continuous employment with IDP Education Ltd for 12 months from the Share acquisition date
                  in order that 100% of the Shares vest

               3. The base EPS will be calculated using the FY14 NPAT and the number of shares on issue at completion of the IPO. 50% of performance rights available will vest if an EPS
                  CAGR of 5% is achieved. 100% of performance rights available will vest if an EPS CAGR of 10% or greater is achieved. Vesting will be on a pro rata basis between 5%
                  and 10%

               4. The FY15 NPAT will be used as a basis for vesting calculations. 50% of performance rights available will vest if a NPAT CAGR of 5% is achieved. 100% of performance rights
                  available will vest if a NPAT CAGR of 6% or greater is achieved. Vesting will be on a pro rata basis between 5% and 6%

               5. A market capitalisation of $360m at grant date will be used as a basis for vesting calculations. 50% of performance rights available will vest if a TSR CAGR of 6% is
                  achieved. 100% of performance rights available will vest if a TSR CAGR of 8% or greater is achieved. Vesting will be on a pro rata basis between 6% and 8%

               6. The base EPS has been set at adjusted FY16 EPS of 15.09c. 50% of performance rights available will vest if an EPS CAGR of at least 10% is achieved. 100% of performance
                  rights available will vest if an EPS CAGR of at least 12% is achieved. Vesting will be on a pro rata basis between 10% and 12%

               7. 50% of performance rights available will vest if IDP Education Ltd achieves a ranking in TSR against the ASX 300 Discretionary Index of greater or equal to 50th percentile.
                  100% of performance rights available will vest if IDP Education Ltd achieves a ranking in TSR against the ASX 300 Discretionary Index of greater or equal to 75th percentile.
                  Vesting will be on a pro rata basis between 50th percentile and 75th percentile achievement

               8. An additional Service Vesting Condition requires that participant maintains continuous employment with IDP Education Ltd for 12 months from the Vesting Date

               9. Upon exercise and payment of the exercise price, each option entitles the holder to receive one share. However, at its discretion, the Board may elect to pay the holder
                  a cash amount equal to the value of the share

               10. Options expire if not exercised five years after the Grant Date




                                                                                                                                                                                                  41
               Remuneration report
               continued


               Termination benefits
               The remuneration and other terms of employment are covered in a formal employment contract. The employment contracts
               include provisions requiring a minimum notice period by both the Executive and by IDP Education. If either party provides




For personal use only
               notice, the Company may make a payment in lieu of notice.
               For all Executive KMP, in the event of serious misconduct or other circumstances warranting summary dismissal, notice
               is not required.
               The minimum notice period for each Executive KMP are set out in the below table.

                                                                           Notice period   Notice period by
                                                 Contract type             by Executive    IDP Education    Redundancy Payment
               Executive KMP
               Andrew Barkla                     Ongoing                   3 months        9 months        If terminated by reason of redundancy,
                                                                                                           5 weeks notice and 34 weeks severance
               Murray Walton                     Ongoing                   3 months1       3 months2       General redundancy terms apply as
                                                                                                           mandated by the Fair Work Act 2009
               Warwick Freeland                  Ongoing                   13 weeks        26 weeks        General redundancy terms apply as
                                                                                                           mandated by the Fair Work Act 2009
               1. The notice period by the Executive was varied to 3 months in FY17

               2. The notice period by IDP Education was varied to 3 months in FY17



               Clawback provisions
               The Board approved an executive remuneration malus and clawback policy in relation to performance based remuneration
               on 21 August 2017.


               Linking remuneration and performance in FY17
               FY17 STI performance scorecard
               The Board believes that the specific STI performance criteria set encourage the delivery of improved financial performance,
               an increase in market share and the resulting improvement in shareholder returns.
               The relationship between the Executive KMP at-risk remuneration and IDP Education’s performance can be demonstrated
               through the STI performance criteria, their weighting and the outcome achieved for FY17.


               Measure                                                                                            Weighting               Outcome
               Earnings before Interest and Taxation                                                                  50.0%                  65.3%
               Growth in IELTS test volumes in new entrant countries                                                   15.0%                    19.2%
               Growth in source countries achieving target volumes of applied students
               to UK and Canada                                                                                        15.0%                  15.0%
               Delivery of programs to support the execution of IDP’s business strategy
               and enhance operational capability globally                                                             10.0%                  10.0%
               Leadership in relation to programs to improve customer experience and
               advance IDP’s technological innovation and capabilities                                                 10.0%                  10.0%
                                                                                                                     100.0%                  119.5%

               The Board is delighted that the Company and the executive team have delivered these at or above target results.




     42        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               The table below provides a summary of STI payments achieved for the FY17 performance year:
                                                                                                                                                              At-Target           At-Target
                                                                                                                            STI                 STI                 STI                 STI




For personal use only
                                                                                                                      At-Target          Achieved1,2          Achieved            Forfeited
               FY2017                                                                                                              $                   $                 %                    %
               Executive KMP
               Andrew Barkla                                                                                            480,000              573,6813              119.5%                    NIL
               Murray Walton                                                                                             195,500             233,656               119.5%                    NIL
               Warwick Freeland                                                                                          208,242             248,885               119.5%                    NIL
               1. STI amounts indicated to have been achieved in respect of the year ended 30 June 2017 are subject to annual review and only payable subsequent to 30 June 2017 upon
                  ratification and recommendation by the Remuneration Committee and approval by the Board

               2. With the exception noted in footnote 3, all STI amounts will be paid in cash

               3. An STI amount of $236,841 satisfied through a grant of service rights issued under the IDIP. The service rights are subject to a vesting condition that the CEO remains
                  employed for a further 12 months from the end of the financial year



               LTI performance scorecard
               LTI Awards are granted annually to all executive KMP. Apart from the IPO, Prospectus forecast achievement and special
               incentive awards and the 2014 LTI which was issued prior to the listing of IDP Education, LTI awards are granted as
               performance rights with both an earnings (EPS CAGR) and TSR (IDP TSR relative to XDKAI component company TSR) over
               a set three year performance period. To date there have been two LTI grants and the current expectation of each grant
               for performance vesting is as follows:
                                                                                                                                           TSR relative
               Award                               EPS CAGR Vesting Date                   Estimated % to vest                            Vesting Date             Estimated % to vest
               FY16 LTI                                         31 August 2018                                    100%                  31 August 2018                                      100%
               FY17 LTI                                         31 August 2019                                    100%                  31 August 2019                                      100%

               IDP is on track to exceed the EPS CAGR hurdle rates set for each LTI Award grant. The EPS CAGR for the period from
               1 July 2014 to 30 June 2016 was 23.49% and 14.04% for the period from 1 July 2015 to 30 June 2017. If our budgeted and
               forecast earnings are achieved the three year EPS CAGR targets for FY18 and FY19 will also be achieved. Maintaining high
               double digit EPS CAGR in a low inflation environment in competitive markets is the Board’s expectation, but will obviously
               be challenging.
               We believe the EPS CAGR component of LTI awards provides a very strong correlation between IDP’s performance and
               Executive KMP remuneration outcomes.
               The following table provides a summary of critical performance metrics showing IDP Education’s financial performance
               for FY17 and the four years prior.

               Measure                                                                                    FY17                FY16                FY15                FY14                  FY13
               Revenue ($000)                                                                         394,187             361,636            309,865             256,627              216,883
               % change from previous year                                                            9.00%                16.71%            20.75%               18.33%                  n/a
               Earnings Before Interest and Taxation ($000)                                             61,224             53,664               45,150             38,621               31,018
               % change from previous year                                                            14.09%              18.86%               16.91%             24.51%                   n/a
               Net Profit after Taxation ($000)                                                          41,511            39,914              31,476              27,987               21,195
               % change from previous year                                                             4.00%              26.81%              12.47%              32.05%                   n/a
               Basic Earnings per Share (cents per share)                                                16.58              15.95               12.58                11.18                  8.47
               % change from previous year                                                             3.95%             26.79%               12.52%             32.00%                      n/a
               3 year Compound Annual Growth Rate (Conventional)                                      14.04%             23.49%                   n/a                 n/a                    n/a
               Diluted Earnings per Share (cents per share)                                              16.20              15.60                 12.48               11.15                 8.47
               % change from previous year                                                             3.85%             25.00%                11.93%             31.64%                     n/a
               Dividend (cents per share)                                                               12.50                19.18               15.58              13.18                   8.79
               % change from previous year                                                          -34.83%                23.11%              18.21%            49.94%                      n/a
               Share Price as at 30 June ($)                                                              5.09                 4.12                 n/a                 n/a                  n/a
               Average STI payout as a % at-target for eligible KMPs                                   119.5%              94.3%                    n/a                 n/a                  n/a


                                                                                                                                                                                                   43
               Remuneration report
               continued


               The component of LTI awards linked to TSR relative performance is a less reliable measure of performance. Because this
               measure requires a calculation of all the component companies in the XDKAI (approximately 60 companies) the exact
               performance can only be assessed at the final test date. An indicative only result can be shown by comparing IDP’s TSR
               relative to the XDKAI as set out in the following chart.




For personal use only
               As indicated IDP has consistently outperformed the XDKAI. Since listing IDP has achieved an approximate 60% TSR,
               whereas the XDKAI has returned below 20%. This means shareholder returns for IDP shareholders are more than three
               times the selected comparator index over the relevant period.
               Accordingly, based on early indications a 100% vesting of the TSR component of the LTI awards are expected although
               subject to independent verification and testing at the relevant test dates.

               IEL TSR vs S&P/ASX300 Consumer Discretionary Accumulation Index (XDKAI)
               26 November 2015 to 15 August 2017
               170

               160

               150

               140

               130

               120

                110

               100

                90

                80



                        26-Nov-15   26-Dec-15   26-Jan-16   26-Feb-16   26-Mar-16   26-Apr-16   26-May-16   26-Jun-16   26-Jul-16   26-Aug-16   26-Sep-16   26-Oct-16   25-Nov-16   26-Dec-16   26-Jan-17   26-Feb-17   26-Mar-17   26-Apr-17   26-May-17   26-Jun-17   26-Jul-17



                                                                                                             IDP Education Limited (IEL)                                                        XDKAI




     44        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               Executive KMP Statutory remuneration table
               The following table has been prepared in accordance with Section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001 and details statutory
               accounting expense of all remuneration-related items for the Executive KMP. Note that the table below accrues amounts for




For personal use only
               equity awards being expensed throughout FY17 that are yet to, and may never, be realised by the Executive KMP member.
               The statutory remuneration table below differs from the FY17 KMP remuneration mix outlined on page 37. Differences
               arise mainly due to the accounting treatment of shared-based payment (performance rights and options).

                                                                                                                                        Post-
                                                                                                                                     employ­                      Equity-
                                                                                                                                        ment Long-term             based
                                                                                   Short term Benefits                               Benefits Benefits           Benefits
                                                                                                                                                                 Perfor­
                                                                                                                  Non-                                           mance              Total
                                                                                                              monetary    Super­                                 rights/          remun­
                                                   Financial           Salary              STI1         Other Benefits annuation                     Leave 2    Options3          eration
                                                       Year                 $                $              $        $         $                          $            $                $
               Executive KMP
               Andrew Barkla4                              2017      765,000          573,681                  –               –       35,000         7,545 1,083,840 2,465,066
                                                          2016       668,703          327,234                  –               –       30,692          1,415      789,329        1,817,373
               Murray Walton5                              2017       357,078        233,656                   –               –        33,922       20,985       136,876         782,517
                                                          2016         311,074        162,799                  –               –       29,553         8,873         144,611       656,910
               Warwick Freeland                            2017       381,484        248,885                   –               –       35,000        16,453       378,018 1,059,840
                                                          2016        369,353         193,255                  –               –       35,000        10,533         183,171        791,312
               Former Executive KMP
               Andrew Thompson6                            2017                –               –               –               –               –           –               –            –
                                                          2016          111,035                –               –               –         5,867             –               –      116,902
               Total                                      2017      1,503,562       1,056,222                  –               –      103,922        44,983     1,598,734 4,307,423
                                                          2016      1,460,165        683,288                   –               –        101,112      20,821         1,117,111 3,382,497
               1. Short-term STI includes both cash and service rights expected to be paid/vest in future periods as a result of FY17 STI outcomes

               2. Long-Term benefits represents long service leave accrued but untaken during the year

               3. Equity based benefits represent benefits issued under the LTI. It represents statutory accounting expenses measured under AASB 2, which are based on the grant date
                  fair value, amortised on a straight line basis over the vesting period. Refer to share based payments accounting policy (note 21) for further details

               4. Andrew Barkla commenced employment on 17 August 2015 and, therefore, the remuneration detailed for FY16 reflects the part year that he was employed

               5. The CFO role was benchmarked with FAR found to be materially under market. Subject to the CFO’s performance, FAR will be continually moved forward through
                  a progression of above market increases until the role is aligned to market benchmark

               6. Andrew Thompson ceased employment on 14 August 2015 and, therefore, the base salary and superannuation detailed for FY16 reflect his part year service




                                                                                                                                                                                             45
               Remuneration report
               continued


               Executive KMP LTI outcomes




For personal use only
                                                                                                Performance rights/                                                            Opening
               Executive KMP                             LTI Award                              options awards                                   Grant date                    balance
               Andrew Barkla                             The FY16 Award                         Performance Rights                                 19-Oct-15                    324,447
                                                         The FY17 Award                         Performance Rights                                 14-Sep-16                              –
                                                         CEO Incentive Award                    Options                                            17-Aug-15                  4,150,000
               Murray Walton                             The IPO Award                          Performance Rights                                  21-Feb-14                     39,757
                                                         Prospectus Award                       Performance Rights                                  21-Feb-14                     39,757
                                                         2013 LTI Award                         Performance Rights                                  21-Feb-14                      79,431
                                                         2014 LTI Award                         Performance Rights                                  21-Feb-14                      79,431
                                                         The FY16 Award                         Performance Rights                                 19-Oct-15                     96,695
                                                         The FY17 Award                         Performance Rights                                 14-Sep-16                              –
               Warwick Freeland                          The IPO Award                          Performance Rights                                  21-Feb-14                      47,144
                                                         Prospectus Award                       Performance Rights                                  21-Feb-14                      47,144
                                                         2013 LTI Award                         Performance Rights                                  21-Feb-14                    94,288
                                                         2014 LTI Award                         Performance Rights                                  21-Feb-14                    94,288
                                                         The FY16 Award                         Performance Rights                                 19-Oct-15                     147,574
                                                         The FY17 Award                         Performance Rights                                 14-Sep-16                              –
                                                         FY17 Special Incentive                 Performance Rights                                 14-Sep-16                              –
                                                         Award Award


               Executive KMP equity holdings
               Details of the shareholdings of the Executive KMP and their related parties are provided in the table below:

                                                                                                                Performance
                                                                                                 Opening              Rights            Options        Net change               Closing
               Executive KMP                                                                     balance           exercised           exercised            other1             balance
               Andrew Barkla                                                                                –                  –                   –                  –                  –
               Murray Walton                                                                                –           119,188                    –           (3,057)             116,131
               Warwick Freeland                                                                             –          141,432                     –         (141,432)                   –
               1. These amounts represent ordinary shares purchased or sold directly or indirectly by the Executive KMP during the financial year. These transactions have no connection with
                  the roles and responsibilities as employees of the Group




     46        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
                                                                  Closing balance    Closing balance




For personal use only
                           Granted      Exercised     Forfeited      – vested and    – vested but not   Closing balance
                        during year   during year   during year        exercisable        exercisable         – unvested
                                  –             –             –                 –                  –            324,447
                            116,505             –             –                 –                  –             116,505
                                  –             –             –                 –                  –          4,150,000
                                  –        39,757             –                 –                  –                  –
                                  –             –             –                 –                  –             39,757
                                  –        79,431             –                 –                  –                  –
                                  –             –             –                 –                  –              79,431
                                  –             –             –                 –                  –             96,695
                             33,216             –             –                 –                  –              33,216
                                  –        47,144             –                 –                  –                  –
                                  –             –             –                 –                  –              47,144
                                  –       94,288              –                 –                  –                  –
                                  –             –             –                 –                  –             94,288
                                  –             –             –                 –                  –             147,574
                            45,490              –             –                 –                  –             45,490
                            97,087              –             –                 –                  –             97,087




                                                                                                                           47
               Remuneration report
               continued


               Non-executive Director remuneration strategy and framework
               Non-executive Director fees are determined by reference to external survey data, taking account of the Group’s relative size
               and business complexity.




For personal use only
               Under the Constitution, the Directors decide the total amount paid to all Directors as remuneration for their services as a
               Director. However, under the ASX Listing Rules, the total amount paid to all Directors for their services must not exceed in
               aggregate in any financial year the amount fixed by the Company in a general meeting. This amount, being the fee pool
               limit, has been fixed at $1,500,000 per financial year.
               Each Non-executive Director’s total remuneration package may be comprised of the following elements:
               > Base fee
               > Committee fee
               Non-executive Directors have no entitlement to STI. With the exception of the IPO Award, granted to specific Non-executive
               Directors in recognition of the additional workload arising from the initial public offering, no LTI are offered.
               No retirement benefits are payable to Non-executive Directors.
               The below table provides further details relating to the components of the Non-executive Director remuneration.

               Component                       Delivered               Description
               Base Fee                        Cash                    The base fee represents remuneration for service on the IDP
                                                                       Education Board. The base fee for the Chair represents the entire
                                                                       remuneration for that role.
               Committee Chair fees            Cash                    Committee fees represent remuneration for chairing Board
                                                                       committees. No additional remuneration is provided for membership
                                                                       of a Committee.
               IPO Award                       Performance Right       Participation in the LTI is recognition of the additional workloads
                                                                       arising from the IPO.

               The current Non-executive Director remuneration fee structure is shown in the following table:

                                                                                                                                $ per annum
               Base Fee
               Chair                                                                                                                 175,000
               Non-executive Director                                                                                                 115,000
               Committee Chair Fees
               Audit and Risk Committee                                                                                               15,000
               Nomination Committee                                                                                                   10,000
               Remuneration Committee                                                                                                 10,000

               The above fee structure was reviewed upon the Company’s listing on 26 November 2015 and has not changed since
               that date.




     48        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               Non-executive Director statutory remuneration table
                                                                                                                                       Post-                           Equity-




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                     employ­ Long term                  based
                                                                                    Short term Benefits                                ment Benefits                  Benefits
                                                                                                                                                                        Perfor­          Total
                                                             Directors                                             Non-    Super-                                       mance          remun­
                                                   Financial      Fees                       STI         Other monetary annuation                        Leave          rights1        eration
                                                       Year          $                        $              $        $         $                            $                $              $
               Non-executive
               Directors
               Peter Polson2                               2017        159,814                  –               –               –        15,182                 –       29,780         204,776
                                                           2016        150,232                  –               –               –        14,272                 –       49,489          213,993
               Ariane Barker3                              2017        129,996                  –               –               –               –               –               –      129,996
                                                           2016         77,275                  –               –               –               –               –               –        77,275
               Professor David                             2017        105,019                  –               –               –         9,977                 –               –       114,996
               Battersby AM2
                                                           2016        93,358                   –               –               –        8,869                  –               –      102,227
               Belinda Robinson3                           2017        105,019                  –               –               –         9,977                 –               –       114,996
                                                           2016         62,428                  –               –               –          5,931                –               –       68,359
               Greg West2                                  2017        105,019                  –               –               –         9,977                 –       20,834         135,830
                                                           2016        101,090                  –               –               –        9,604                  –       34,623          145,317
               Chris Leptos AM3                            2017        105,019                  –               –               –         9,977                 –               –       114,996
                                                           2016         62,428                  –               –               –          5,931                –               –       68,359
               Former Non-executive Directors
               Greg Hill4,5                                2017                 –               –               –               –               –               –               –                –
                                                           2016                 –               –               –               –               –               –               –                –
               Michael Ilczynski4,5                        2017                 –               –               –               –               –               –               –                –
                                                           2016           31,317                –               –               –               –               –               –         31,317
               Eddie Collis 4,5                            2017                 –               –               –               –               –               –               –                –
                                                           2016           31,317                –               –               –               –               –               –         31,317
               Joe Powell4,5                               2017                 –               –               –               –               –               –               –                –
                                                           2016          31,316                 –               –               –               –               –               –         31,316
               Total                                       2017       709,886                   –               –               –       55,090                  –        50,614        815,590
                                                           2016        640,761                  –               –               –       44,607                  –         84,112      769,480
               1. Equity based benefits represent benefits issued as one-off pre-IPO award. The values are based on the grant date fair value, amortised on a straight line basis over the
                  vesting period, refer to share based payments accounting policy (note 20) for further details

               2. The Chair and directors fees were set upon listing to reflect relevant market benchmarks for an ASX listed entity. The year on year increase reflects a full year at the ASX
                  market rates compared to a part year in FY16

               3. Ariane Barker, Belinda Robinson and Chris Leptos were appointed on 12 November 2015 and, therefore, the directors fees and superannuation detailed for FY16 reflect the
                  part year period that they were employed

               4. Director fees were paid directly to the organisations that the Non-executive Directors represented (Seek Limited and University of the Sunshine Coast)

               5. Greg Hill, Michael Ilczynski, Eddie Collis and Joe Powell retired as Directors on 12 November 2015




                                                                                                                                                                                                     49
               Remuneration report
               continued


               Non-executive Director LTI outcomes
                                                                                                                                 Closing Closing




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                balance balance
                                                                                                                                – vested – vested Closing
                                                      Performance                                   Granted Exercised Forfeited     and but not balance
               Non-executive                        rights/options                    Grant Opening  during    during   during     exer­    exer­       –
               Director                   LTI Award        awards                      date balance    year      year     year cisable cisable unvested
               Peter Polson                  The IPO         Performance 21-Feb-14               106,655                –   106,655                –               –           –              –
                                              Award                Rights
               Greg West                     The IPO         Performance 21-Feb-14                  74,617              –      74,617              –               –           –              –
                                              Award                Rights


               Non-executive Director equity holdings
               Details of the shareholdings of the Non-executive Directors and their related parties are provided in the table below:

                                                                                      Performance                                               Net change
                                                      Opening balance              Rights exercised Options exercised                                other1            Closing balance
               Non-executive Directors
               Peter Polson                                           37,735                   106,655                              –                  (40,000)                    104,390
               Ariane Barker                                          18,867                            –                           –                          –                    18,867
               Professor David Battersby                                     –                           –                          –                          –                          –
               AM
               Belinda Robinson                                        6,000                             –                          –                          –                    6,000
               Greg West                                                     –                    74,617                            –                          –                    74,617
               Chris Leptos AM                                        18,867                             –                          –                          –                    18,867
               1. These amounts represent ordinary shares purchased or sold directly or indirectly by the Non-executive Directors during the financial year. These transactions have no
                  connection with the roles and responsibilities as employees of the Group




               This report is made in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




               Peter Polson                                                                 Andrew Barkla
               Chairman                                                                     Managing Director
               Melbourne
               21 August 2017




     50        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               Auditor’s independence declaration




For personal use only
                                                                                                           Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                                                           ABN 74 490 121 060

                                                                                                           550 Bourke Street
                                                                                                           Melbourne VIC 3000
                                                                                                           GPO Box 78
                                                                                                           Melbourne VIC 3001 Australia

                                                                                                           Tel: +61 3 9671 7000
                                                                                                           Fax: +61 3 9671 7001
                                                                                                           www.deloitte.com.au


                        The Board of Directors
                        IDP Education Limited
                        Level 8, 535 Bourke Street
                        Melbourne VIC 3000




                        21 August 2017




                        Dear Board Members
                                                                           IDP Education Limited
                        In accordance with section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001, I am pleased to provide the
                        following declaration of independence to the directors of IDP Education Limited.
                        As lead audit partner for the audit of the financial statements of IDP Education Limited for
                        the financial year ended 30 June 2017, I declare that to the best of my knowledge and
                        belief, there have been no contraventions of:
                                  (i) the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in relation
                                      to the audit; and
                                  (ii) any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.


                        Yours sincerely




                        DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU




                        Chris Biermann
                        Partner
                        Chartered Accountants




                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.                           37
                        Member of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited




                                                                                                                                          51
               Consolidated statement of profit or loss
               for the year ended 30 June 2017



                                                                                                  30 June 2017     30 June 2016
                                                                                          Notes         $’000            $’000




For personal use only
               Revenue                                                                      3          394,187          361,636
               Expenses                                                                    4.1        (325,822)       (300,575)
               Depreciation and amortisation                                                             (7,141)         (7,397)
               Finance income                                                                             326              565
               Finance costs                                                               4.2          (1,043)            (103)
               Profit for the year before income tax expense                                           60,507            54,126
               Income tax expense                                                           5          (18,996)          (14,212)
               Profit for the year                                                                       41,511          39,914


               Profit for the year attributable to:
               Owners of IDP Education Limited                                                           41,511          39,914
                                                                                                         41,511          39,914



               Earnings per share for profit attributable to ordinary equity holders      Notes   30 June 2017     30 June 2016
               Basic earnings per share (cents per share)                                   7            16.58            15.95
               Diluted earnings per share (cents per share)                                 7            16.20            15.60

               The above statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




     52        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               Consolidated statement
               of comprehensive income
               for the year ended 30 June 2017

                                                                                                  30 June 2017    30 June 2016
                                                                                          Notes         $’000           $’000




For personal use only
               Profit for the year                                                                       41,511         39,914
               Other comprehensive income
               Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
               Net investment hedge of foreign operations                                                (983)               –
               Exchange differences arising on translating the foreign operations                        1,272            534
               Gains/(losses) arising on changes in fair value of hedging instruments
               entered into for cash flow hedges
                  Forward foreign exchange contracts                                                         6          (4,629)
               Cumulative gains/(losses) arising on changes in fair value of hedging
               instruments reclassified to profit or loss                                               2,353           (2,930)
               Income tax related to gains/(losses) recognised in other                     5
               comprehensive income                                                                      (528)           2,276
               Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:                           –               –
               Other comprehensive income for the year, net of income tax                                2,120          (4,749)
               Total comprehensive income for the year                                                  43,631          35,165


               Total comprehensive income attributable to:
               Owners of IDP Education Limited                                                          43,631          35,165
                                                                                                        43,631          35,165

               The above statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                                  53
               Consolidated statement
               of financial position
               as at 30 June 2017

                                                                                                  30 June 2017   30 June 2016
                                                                                          Notes         $’000          $’000




For personal use only
               CURRENT ASSETS
               Cash and cash equivalents                                                    17          41,958        35,353
               Trade and other receivables                                                  8           41,519         31,114
               Derivative financial instruments                                            20             484            838
               Current tax assets                                                                         804            698
               Other current assets                                                         12           9,815         9,270
               Total current assets                                                                    94,580          77,273
               NON-CURRENT ASSETS
               Property, plant and equipment                                                10          14,123         11,299
               Intangible assets                                                            11         115,233        53,360
               Capitalised development costs                                                9           9,890          6,096
               Deferred tax assets                                                          5            5,818          5,619
               Derivative financial instruments                                            20                -            176
               Other non-current assets                                                                   204            253
               Total non-current assets                                                               145,268         76,803
               TOTAL ASSETS                                                                           239,848         154,076

               CURRENT LIABILITIES
               Trade and other payables                                                     13         50,277          41,300
               Deferred revenue                                                             14          25,718          14,111
               Provisions                                                                   15           7,722          7,087
               Current tax liabilities                                                                  2,796          2,837
               Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                  20           12,012         2,356
               Derivative financial instruments                                            20           3,070          3,996
               Total current liabilities                                                               101,595         71,687

               NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
               Trade and other payables                                                     13             124            102
               Borrowings                                                                   16          39,108              –
               Derivative financial instruments                                            20               –            268
               Deferred tax liabilities                                                     5           6,952               –
               Provisions                                                                   15          3,266           2,701
               Total non-current liabilities                                                           49,450           3,071
               TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                                       151,045        74,758
               NET ASSETS                                                                              88,803          79,318

               EQUITY
               Issued capital                                                               19          19,426        25,050
               Reserves                                                                                 4,246           (639)
               Retained earnings                                                                        65,131        54,907
               TOTAL EQUITY                                                                            88,803          79,318

               The above statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.


     54        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               Consolidated statement
               of changes in equity
               for the year ended 30 June 2017

                                                                                                                      Foreign              Share
                                                                                               Cash flow             currency             based




For personal use only
                                                                                 Issued           hedge           translation          payments             Retained
                                                                                capital          reserve              reserve            reserve            earnings            Total
                                                                 Note              $’000              $’000               $’000              $’000               $’000         $’000
               As at 1 July 2015                                                  27,450               2,930              (1,938)                   –          62,993          91,435
               Change in the fair value of cash
               flow hedges, net of income tax                                            –            (5,283)                   –                   –                    –     (5,283)
               Exchange differences arising on
               translating the foreign
               operations                                                                –                   –              534                     –                    –        534
               Profit for the year                                                       –                   –                  –                   –           39,914         39,914
               Total comprehensive income
               for the year                                                              –            (5,283)               534                     –           39,914         35,165
               Buy back of treasury shares                        19.2            (2,400)                    –                  –                   –                    –     (2,400)
               Reclassification*                                                                                                               1,031                             1,031
               Share-based payments                               21.4                   –                   –                  –            2,087                       –      2,087
               Dividends paid                                      6                     –                   –                  –                   –         (48,000)        (48,000)
               As at 30 June 2016                                                25,050               (2,353)             (1,404)              3,118           54,907          79,318
               * The adjustment represents the reclassification of employee long-term incentive plan from non-current liabilities to share based payments reserve.

                                                                                                                      Foreign              Share
                                                                                               Cash flow             currency             based
                                                                                 Issued           hedge           translation          payments             Retained
                                                                                capital          reserve              reserve            reserve            earnings            Total
                                                                 Note              $’000              $’000               $’000              $’000               $’000         $’000
               As at 1 July 2016                                                 25,050               (2,353)             (1,404)              3,118           54,907          79,318
               Change in the fair value of cash
               flow hedges, net of income tax                                            –             1,652                    –                   –                    –      1,652
               Exchange differences arising on
               translating the foreign
               operations                                                                –                   –              468                     –                    –        468
               Profit for the year                                                       –                   –                  –                   –                41,511     41,511
               Total comprehensive income
               for the year                                                              –             1,652                468                     –                41,511    43,631
               Buy back of treasury shares                        19.2            (5,624)                    –                  –                   –                    –     (5,624)
               Share-based payments                               21.4                   –                   –                  –             2,765                      –      2,765
               Dividends paid                                      6                     –                   –                  –                   –          (31,287)        (31,287)
               As at 30 June 2017                                                 19,426                 (701)              (936)            5,883               65,131       88,803

               The above statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                                                                                          55
               Consolidated statement of cash flow
               for the year ended 30 June 2017



                                                                                                     30 June 2017    30 June 2016
                                                                                           Notes           $’000           $’000




For personal use only
               CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
               Receipts from customers                                                                   342,207          301,391
               Payments to suppliers and employees                                                       (264,793)       (240,919)
               Interest received                                                                             339             567
               Interest paid                                                                                 (278)           (103)
               Income tax paid                                                                            (18,664)        (17,094)
               Net cash inflow from operating activities                                        17         58,811         43,842

               CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
               Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                                          (37,933)              –
               Payments for plant and equipment, intangible assets and capitalised
               development costs                                                                          (15,666)         (9,166)
               Net cash outflow from investing activities                                                 (53,599)         (9,166)

               CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
               Proceeds from borrowings                                                                   45,642          15,000
               Repayments of borrowings                                                                    (6,868)        (15,000)
               Payments for treasury shares                                                                (5,624)         (2,400)
               Dividends paid                                                                             (31,287)       (48,000)
               Net cash inflow/(outflow) from financing activities                                          1,863        (50,400)
               Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                         7,075         (15,724)
               Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                     35,353           51,184
               Effect of exchange rates on cash holdings in foreign currencies                               (470)           (107)
               Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                 17         41,958         35,353

               The above statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




     56        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               Notes to the consolidated
               financial statements
               for the year ended 30 June 2017


               Notes to the financial statements




For personal use only
               1. Basis of preparation
               This general purpose financial report for the year ended 30 June 2017 has been prepared in accordance with Australian
               Accounting Standards, other authoritative pronouncements of the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB) and
               the Corporations Act 2001.
               The financial statements are for the consolidated entity, consisting of IDP Education Limited (the Company) and its
               controlled subsidiaries (the Group). IDP Education Limited is a for profit company limited by shares whose shares are
               publicly traded on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX). The Company was admitted to the official list of the ASX
               on 26 November 2015.
               The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2017 were authorised for issue in accordance with
               a resolution of the Directors on 21 August 2017.

               1.1. Compliance with IFRS
               This general purpose financial report complies with Australian Accounting Standards. Compliance with Australian
               Accounting Standards ensures that the financial report, comprising the financial statements and the notes thereto, complies
               with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).

               1.2. Historical cost convention
               The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the basis of historical cost, except for certain financial
               assets and financial liabilities (including derivative instruments) that have been recognised at fair value through profit
               and loss.

               1.3. Significant accounting policies
               The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the financial report are set out in the relevant notes except
               for those disclosed in notes 1.9 to 1.10.
               The accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the previous financial year except as noted. When the
               presentation or classification of items in the financial report is amended, comparative amounts are also reclassified.

               1.4. Going concern
               The financial report has been prepared on a going concern basis.
               As at 30 June 2017, the Group is in a net current liability position of $7.0m principally due to the recognition of $12m
               contingent consideration payable from the acquisition of Hotcourses Limited.
               The Directors are of the opinion that the Group is a going concern based on the following factors:
               > The strong performance of the Group including strong cash inflow from operating activities and the Group’s cash
                 flow forecast;
               > available unutilised finance facilities of £12.6m which have a maturity to 18 January 2020 and an $10m unutilised
                 facility which has a maturity to 18 January 2018; and
               > The Group’s net asset position of $88.8m.

               1.5. Critical accounting estimates and judgements
               The preparation of financial statements requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires
               management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving
               a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the financial
               statements, are disclosed in the following notes:
               > Note 11 – Intangible assets – Impairment test of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives
               > Note 20.3 – Fair value of financial instruments
               > Note 21.3 – Fair value of share-based payments
               > Note 26 – Fair value of identifiable assets and liabilities arising from business combination


                                                                                                                                               57
               Notes to the consolidated financial statements
               continued


               1. Basis of preparation (continued)
               1.6. Rounding of amounts




For personal use only
               The Company is of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191
               dated 24 March 2016, and in accordance with that Corporations Instrument, amounts in the consolidated financial
               statements and the Directors’ report have been rounded to the nearest thousand dollars unless otherwise stated.

               1.7. Adoption of new and revised Accounting Standards
               The Group applied, for the first time, certain standards and amendments which are effective for annual periods beginning
               on or after 1 July 2016. The nature and the impact of each new standard and/or amendment are described below:

               AASB 2015-2 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Disclosure Initiative: Amendments
               to AASB 101
               The Group has applied these amendments for the first time in the current year. The amendments clarify that an entity
               need not provide a specific disclosure required by an AASB if the information resulting from that disclosure is not material,
               and give guidance on the basis of aggregating and disaggregating information for disclosure purposes. However, the
               amendments reiterate that an entity should consider providing additional disclosures when compliance with the specific
               requirements in AASB is insufficient to enable users of financial statements to understand the impact of particular
               transactions, events and conditions on the entity’s financial position and financial performance.
               In addition, the amendments clarify that an entity’s share of the other comprehensive income of associates and joint
               ventures accounted for using the equity method should be presented separately from those arising from the Group, and
               should be separated into the share of items that, in accordance with other AASBs:
               (i) will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss; and
               (ii) will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss when specific conditions are met.
               As regards the structure of the financial statements, the amendments provide examples of systematic ordering or grouping
               of the notes. The application of these amendments has not resulted in any impact on the financial performance or financial
               position of the Group.

               AASB 2014-4 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Clarification of Acceptable Methods
               of Depreciation and Amortisation
               The Group has applied these amendments for the first time in the current year. The amendments to AASB 116 prohibit entities
               from using a revenue-based depreciation method for items of property, plant and equipment. The amendments to AASB 138
               introduce a rebuttable presumption that revenue is not an appropriate basis for amortisation of an intangible asset. This
               presumption can only be rebutted in the following two limited circumstances:
               (i) when the intangible asset is expressed as a measure of revenue; or
               (ii) when it can be demonstrated that revenue and consumption of the economic benefits of the intangible asset are
                    highly correlated.
               As the Group already uses the straight-line method for depreciation and amortisation for its property, plant and equipment,
               and intangible assets respectively, the application of these amendments has had no impact on the Group’s consolidated
               financial statements.

               AASB 2015-1 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Annual Improvements to Australian
               Accounting Standards 2012-2014 Cycle
               The Group has applied these amendments for the first time in the current year. The Annual Improvements to AASBs 2012-2014
               Cycle include a number of amendments to various AASBs, which are summarised below.
               The amendments to AASB 5 introduce specific guidance in AASB 5 for when an entity reclassifies an asset (or disposal
               group) from held for sale to held for distribution to owners (or vice versa). The amendments clarify that such a change
               should be considered as a continuation of the original plan of disposal and hence requirements set out in AASB 5 regarding
               the change of sale plan do not apply. The amendments also clarify the guidance for when held – for-distribution accounting
               is discontinued.
               The amendments to AASB 7 provide additional guidance to clarify whether a servicing contract is continuing involvement
               in a transferred asset for the purpose of the disclosures required in relation to transferred assets.




     58        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               1. Basis of preparation (continued)
               1.7. Adoption of new and revised Accounting Standards (continued)




For personal use only
               The amendments to AASB 119 clarify that the rate used to discount post-employment benefit obligations should be
               determined by reference to market yields at the end of the reporting period on high quality corporate bonds. The
               assessment of the depth of a market for high quality corporate bonds should be at the currency level (i.e. the same currency
               as the benefits are to be paid). For currencies for which there is no deep market in such high quality corporate bonds, the
               market yields at the end of the reporting period on government bonds denominated in that currency should be used instead.
               The application of these amendments has had no effect on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

               1.8. Standards and Interpretations in issue not yet effective
               At the date of authorisation of the consolidated financial statements, the Standards and Interpretations listed below were
               in issue but not yet effective.

                                                                                                  Effective for        Expected to be
                                                                                                  annual reporting     initially applied
                                                                                                  periods beginning    in the financial
               Standard and Interpretation                                                        on or after          year ending
               AASB 9 ‘Financial Instruments’, and the relevant amending standards                1 January 2018       30 June 2019
               AASB 15 ‘Revenue from Contracts with Customers’ and AASB 2014-5 ‘Amendments        1 January 2018       30 June 2019
               to Australian Accounting Standards arising from AASB 15’
               AASB 2016-3 ‘Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Clarifications        1 January 2018       30 June 2019
               to AASB 15’
               AASB Interpretation 22 ‘Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance                  1 January 2018       30 June 2019
               Consideration’
               AASB 16 ‘Leases’                                                                   1 January 2019       30 June 2020

               The Directors have yet to assess the impact of the adoption of these Standards and Interpretations in future periods on
               the financial statements of the Group.
               We anticipate that the adoption of AASB 15 will have an impact on our consolidated financial statements. While we are
               continuing to assess all potential impacts of the standard, we currently believe the most significant impacts relate to our
               accounting for student placement revenue. Under the new standard we expect to recognise student placement revenue at
               different timing. We expect revenue related to IELTS examination, English language teaching, event and advertising to
               remain substantially unchanged.

                                                                                                  Effective for        Expected to be
                                                                                                  annual reporting     initially applied
                                                                                                  periods beginning    in the financial
               Standard and Interpretation                                                        on or after          year ending
               AASB 2016-1 ‘Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Recognition of        1 January 2017       30 June 2018
               Deferred Tax Assets for Unrealised Losses’
               AASB 2016-2 ‘Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Disclosure            1 January 2017       30 June 2018
               Initiative: Amendments to AASB 107’
               AASB 2014-10 ‘Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Sale or              1 January 2017       30 June 2018
               Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture’
               AASB 2015-10 ‘Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Effective Date       1 January 2018       30 June 2019
               of Amendments to AASB 10 and AASB 128’
               AASB 2016-5 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Classification         1 January 2018       30 June 2019
               and Measurement of Share-based Payment Transactions
               AASB 2017-2 ‘Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Further Annual        1 January 2017       30 June 2018
               Improvements 2014-2016 Cycle’

               The adoption of above amendments will not have material impact in future periods on the financial statements of the Group.



                                                                                                                                              59
               Notes to the consolidated financial statements
               continued


               1. Basis of preparation (continued)
               1.9. Basis of consolidation




For personal use only
               The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries as at
               30 June 2017. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the
               investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. Specifically, the Group controls an
               investee if and only if the Group has:
               > Power over the investee (i.e. existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee);
               > Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
               > The ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns.
               The Group re-assesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes
               to one or more of the three elements of control. Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over
               the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Assets, liabilities, income and expenses of a
               subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date
               the Group gains control until the date the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.
               Profit or loss and each component of Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) are attributed to the equity holders of the parent
               of the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.
               When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies into
               line with the Group’s accounting policies. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows
               relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

               1.10. Foreign currency translation
               The Group’s consolidated financial statements are presented in Australian dollars, which is also the parent’s functional
               currency. For each Group controlled entity, the Group determines the functional currency and items included in the financial
               statements of each Group controlled entity are measured using that functional currency.

               Transactions and balances
               Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded at the rates of exchange prevailing on the dates of the transactions.
               At each subsequent balance sheet date:
               (i) Foreign currency monetary items are retranslated at the rates prevailing at the balance sheet date. Exchange
                   differences arising on the settlement or retranslation of monetary items are recognised in the profit or loss with
                   exception of monetary items that are designated as part of the hedge of the Group’s net investment of a foreign
                   operation; and
               (ii) Non-monetary items which are measured at historical cost are not retranslated.

               Group consolidation
               On consolidation, the assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into Australian dollars at the rate of
               exchange prevailing at the reporting date and their statements of profit or loss are translated at exchange rates prevailing
               at the dates of the transactions. The exchange differences arising on translation for consolidation purposes are recognised
               in other comprehensive income. On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of other comprehensive income relating
               to that particular foreign operation is recognised in profit or loss.
               Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the carrying amounts of
               assets and liabilities arising on the acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated
               at the spot rate of exchange at the reporting date.




     60        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               Financial performance




For personal use only
               2. Segment information
               Basis of segmentation
               The Group has identified its operating segments based on the internal reports that are reviewed and used by the Chief
               Operating Decision Maker in assessing performance and in determining the allocation of resources. The Chief Operating
               Decision Maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has
               been identified as the Chief Executive Officer.
               The Chief Operating Decision Maker determined that its operating segments comprise the geographic regions of:
               > Asia – which includes Bangladesh, Cambodia, China, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Japan, Laos, Malaysia, Mauritius,
                 Nepal, Philippines, Singapore, South Korea, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, Thailand, and Vietnam;
               > Australasia – which includes Australia, Fiji, New Zealand and New Caledonia; and
               > Rest of World – which includes Argentina, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Brazil, Canada, Colombia, Cyprus, Egypt, Germany,
                 Greece, Iran, Italy, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Mexico, Oman, Pakistan, Qatar, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Spain,
                 Ukraine, the United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom, United States of America and Turkey.
               These geographic segments are based on the Group’s management reporting system and the way management views
               the business.
               The principal activities of each segment are provision of student placement services, International English Language Testing
               (IELTS), advertising and event services and English language teaching services.

               Geographic segment revenue and results
                                                                         Segment revenue                          Segment EBIT
                                                                    30 June 2017        30 June 2016        30 June 2017       30 June 2016
                                                                          $’000               $’000               $’000              $’000
               Asia                                                      238,021            220,258               70,512             64,399
               Australasia                                                68,969              70,403              18,614              19,777
               Rest of World                                               87,197             70,975              17,264              13,892
               Consolidated total                                        394,187             361,636            106,390              98,068
               Corporate cost                                                                                    (43,805)             (44,151)
               Amortisation of intangible assets generated from business combinations                              (1,361)              (253)
               EBIT                                                                                               61,224             53,664
               Net finance (cost)/income                                                                            (717)               462
               Profit before tax                                                                                 60,507               54,126


               Product segment
               The Group also uses a secondary segment which shows revenue and gross profit by product. Revenue by service segment is
               disclosed in Note 3. Gross profit (i.e. revenue less direct costs) by product segment is shown below:

                                                                                                            30 June 2017       30 June 2016
                                                                                                                  $’000              $’000
               Student placement                                                                                  87,249             78,228
               IELTS examination                                                                                103,604              95,065
               English language teaching                                                                          13,950              13,435
               Advertising and events                                                                             6,003                 (684)
               Other                                                                                               1,937               2,319
                                                                                                                 212,743            188,363


                                                                                                                                                 61
               Notes to the consolidated financial statements
               continued


               3. Revenue
               Accounting policy




For personal use only
               Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable.
               The Group recognises revenue when the amount of revenue can be reliably measured, it is probable that future economic
               benefits will flow to the entity and specific criteria have been met for each of the Group’s activities as described below.

               (i) Student placement revenue
               Student placement revenue is recognised when student enrolments are confirmed, subject to the Group assessing that,
               based on the terms of the relevant contract and relevant past experience on student withdrawal rates, it is probable
               that the Group will be entitled to those fees.
               As a result, the recognition date can and does vary between markets depending on the maturity of the market and
               relevant factors such as availability of supporting data and other evidence used to assess probability of entitlement
               in the context of the relevant customer contract. These factors are reviewed regularly and where appropriate the
               recognition date is updated.
               The Company is not entitled to fees for confirmed student enrolments that are subsequently withdrawn prior to a date
               specified in the contract, typically the student census date. Accordingly, allowance provisions, where applicable, are
               established based on historical information for student withdrawals.

               (ii) IELTS revenue
               Revenue for English language testing is generally recognised when testing has been completed.

               (iii) English language teaching revenue
               Revenue for English language teaching is generally recognised on a percentage of course completion basis.

               (iv) Advertising and event revenue
               Advertising and event revenue is recognised when the advertising service has been delivered or an exhibition has been held.

               (v) Other revenue
               Other revenue is recognised when the service is provided and the fee is received.

                                                                                                           30 June 2017        30 June 2016
                                                                                                                 $’000               $’000
               Student placement revenue                                                                         103,414             92,428
               IELTS examination revenue                                                                        250,703              237,147
               English language teaching revenue                                                                  21,158             20,305
               Advertising and event revenue                                                                       15,311              8,045
               Other revenue                                                                                       3,601                3,711
                                                                                                                 394,187            361,636




     62        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               4. Expenses and Finance costs
               4.1 Expenses




For personal use only
                                                                                                          30 June 2017       30 June 2016
                                                                                                                $’000              $’000
               Student placement direct costs                                                                    16,165             14,200
               IELTS examination direct costs                                                                  147,099             142,082
               English language teaching direct costs                                                            7,208              6,870
               Advertising and event direct costs                                                                9,308               8,729
               Other direct costs                                                                                1,664               1,392
               Employee benefits expense                                                                        90,368             79,366
               Occupancy expenses                                                                               16,379              14,263
               Marketing expenses                                                                                11,224             11,784
               Administrative expenses                                                                           6,347               6,323
               IT and communication expenses                                                                     5,505              4,870
               Consultancy and professional expenses                                                             6,936               5,621
               Foreign exchange loss                                                                              1,928                154
               Other expenses                                                                                     5,691              4,921
                                                                                                               325,822            300,575


               4.2 Finance costs

                                                                                                          30 June 2017       30 June 2016
                                                                                                                $’000              $’000
               Interest on borrowings                                                                               412                103
               Unwinding of discounting on financial liabilities                                                   496                   –
               Other finance costs                                                                                 135                   –
                                                                                                                  1,043                103


               5. Income taxes
               Accounting policy
               IDP Education Limited is the head entity in a tax-consolidated group under Australian taxation law. As a result the
               Company and Australian entities controlled by the Company are all subject to income tax through membership of the
               tax-consolidated group. The consolidated current and deferred tax amounts for the tax-consolidated group are allocated
               to the members of the tax-consolidated group using the ‘separate taxpayer within group’ approach, with deferred taxes
               being allocated by reference to the carrying amounts in the financial statements of each member entity and the tax values
               applying under tax consolidation. Current tax liabilities and assets and deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses
               and relevant tax credits arising from this allocation process are then accounted for as immediately assumed by the head
               entity, as under Australian taxation law the head entity has the legal obligation (or right) to these amounts.
               Entities within the tax-consolidated group have entered into a tax funding arrangement and a tax sharing agreement with
               the head entity. Under the terms of the tax funding arrangement, the entities controlled by the Group have agreed to pay
               an amount to or from the head entity equal to the tax liability or asset assumed by the head entity for that period as noted
               above. Such amounts are reflected in amounts receivable from or payable to the head entity. Accordingly, the amount
               arising under the tax funding arrangement for each period is equal to the tax liability or asset assumed by the head entity
               for that period and no contribution from (or distribution to) equity participants arises in relation to income taxes.
               Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax expense is recognised in the profit or loss except to the
               extent it relates to items recognised directly in equity in which case it is recognised in equity.



                                                                                                                                              63
               Notes to the consolidated financial statements
               continued


               5. Income taxes (continued)
               Accounting policy  (continued)




For personal use only
               Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively
               enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.
               Deferred tax is recognised using the balance sheet method providing for temporary differences between the carrying
               amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred
               tax is not recognised for the following temporary differences:
               (i) The initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination;
               (ii) The initial recognition of goodwill; and
               (iii) The initial recognition of assets and liabilities in a transaction which at the time of the transaction affects neither
                     accounting profit nor taxable profit (tax loss).
               Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the
               liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantially enacted
               by the end of the reporting period. The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences
               that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the
               carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.
               A deferred tax asset is recognised to the extent that it is probable that future tax profits will be available against which
               the temporary difference can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reviewed each reporting date and are reduced to the
               extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised.

               Research and development incentive
               Research and development (R&D) incentives are accounted for in accordance with AASB 120 ‘Accounting for Government
               Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance’. R&D incentives are assistance to the Group by the Australian Government
               in the form of a reduction in income tax liability in return for expenditure on eligible R&D as registered with AusIndustry. R&D
               incentives receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred by the Group with no future related costs are
               recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are quantified and become receivable. The amount of R&D incentives
               received or receivable in respect of eligible R&D as registered with AusIndustry that is in excess of the amount that would
               have otherwise been deductible in calculating income tax expense are included in other revenue.

               5.1 Income tax recognised in profit or loss

                                                                                                                30 June 2017        30 June 2016
                                                                                                                      $’000               $’000
               Current tax
               Current tax expense in respect of the current year                                                     18,025               17,787
               Withholding taxes                                                                                           508                  454
               Adjustments recognised in the current year in relation to the current tax of
               prior years
                  – R&D incentives                                                                                           –                 (1,361)
                  – Others                                                                                                 467                  (616)
                                                                                                                      19,000               16,264
               Deferred tax
               In respect of the current year                                                                               (4)            (2,052)
               Total income tax expense recognised in the current
               year relating to continuing operations                                                                 18,996                   14,212




     64        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               5. Income taxes (continued)
               5.1 Income tax recognised in profit or loss (continued)




For personal use only
               The income tax expense for the year can be reconciled to the accounting profit as follows:

                                                                                                              30 June 2017        30 June 2016
                                                                                                                    $’000               $’000
               Profit before tax                                                                                    60,507               54,126
               Income tax expense calculated at 30% (2016: 30%)                                                      18,152              16,238
               Add tax effect of:
               Non-deductible expenses                                                                                 438                 592
               Attributed income                                                                                         58                508
               Unused tax losses, tax offsets and timing differences
               not recognised as deferred tax assets                                                                   685                 487
               Withholding taxes                                                                                       508                 455
                                                                                                                     19,841             18,280
               Less tax effect of:
               Non-assessable income                                                                                   (263)               (264)
               Other deductible items                                                                                    (71)              (155)
               Prior year deferred tax balances recognised                                                             475                 (205)
               Effect of tax rate in foreign jurisdictions                                                           (1,453)             (1,467)
               Adjustments recognised in the current year in relation to the current tax of
               prior years
                  – R&D incentives                                                                                        –               (1,361)
                  – Others                                                                                             467                 (616)
               Income tax recognised in profit or loss                                                              18,996               14,212

               5.2 Deferred tax balances
               The following is the analysis of deferred tax assets/(liabilities) presented in the consolidated statement of financial position:

                                                                                                              30 June 2017        30 June 2016
                                                                                                                    $’000               $’000
               Deferred tax assets                                                                                    5,818               5,619
               Deferred tax liabilities                                                                              (6,952)                  –
                                                                                                                      (1,134)             5,619




                                                                                                                                                    65
               Notes to the consolidated financial statements
               continued


               5. Income taxes (continued)
               5.2 Deferred tax balances  (continued)




For personal use only
               2017
               Temporary differences and tax losses

                                                                                     Recognised
                                                                                         in other
                                                                                        compre-
                                                          Opening Recognised in          hensive                      Closing
               $’000                                      balance profit or loss          income     Acquisitions    balance
               Accrued expenses                              1,025           294                –               –       1,319
               Deferred capital expenditure                    96             55                –               –         151
               Employee benefits                             2,289          (629)               –               –       1,660
               Trade receivable                                 13           320                –               –        333
               Derivative financial instruments              1,458           318            (708)               –       1,068
               Hedge of net investments                          –              –            295                –        295
               Unrealised foreign exchange losses              191            43                –               –        234
               Plant, property and equipment                   312         (1,035)              –               –        (723)
               Deferred revenue                               (278)           63                –               –        (215)
               Intangible assets                              (882)          274             (115)         (6,229)     (6,952)
               Tax losses                                        –            86                –               –         86
               Others                                        1,395           215                –               –       1,610
               Net deferred tax                              5,619             4            (528)          (6,229)      (1,134)


               2016
               Temporary differences and tax losses

                                                                                     Recognised
                                                                                         in other
                                                                                        compre-
                                                          Opening Recognised in          hensive                      Closing
               $’000                                      balance profit or loss          income     Acquisitions    balance
               Accrued expenses                              1,600          (575)              –                –       1,025
               Deferred capital expenditure                    86             10               –                –         96
               Employee benefits                              1,611          678               –                –      2,289
               Trade receivable                                  11            2               –                –          13
               Derivative financial instruments             (1,065)          247           2,276                –       1,458
               Unrealised foreign exchange gains             (545)           736               –                –         191
               Plant, property and equipment                  (432)          744               –                –         312
               Deferred revenue                               (402)          124               –                –        (278)
               Intangible assets                             (945)            63               –                –       (882)
               Others                                        1,372            23               –                –       1,395
               Net deferred tax                              1,291         2,052           2,276                –       5,619




     66        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               5. Income taxes (continued)
               5.3 Unrecognised deferred tax assets




For personal use only
                                                                                                           30 June 2017         30 June 2016
                                                                                                                 $’000                $’000
               Deductible temporary differences, unused tax losses and unused tax credits
               for which no deferred tax assets have been recognised are attributable to
               the following:
               – temporary differences                                                                              452                       –
               – tax losses                                                                                       2,336                   2,108
                                                                                                                  2,788                   2,108

               The unrecognised tax losses will expire between 5 years and 10 years.


               6. Dividends
               Accounting policy
               Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorised and no longer at the discretion
               of the entity, on or before the end of the reporting period but not distributed at the end of the reporting period.

               6.1 Dividends paid

                                                                                   30 June 2017                            30 June 2016
                                                                           cents                  Total           cents                   Total
                                                                       per share                  $’000       per share                   $’000
               Interim dividend paid in respect of
               current financial year–50% franked
               at the Australia corporate tax rate
               of 30%                                                        7.0                  17,521              –                       –
               Final dividend paid in respect of prior
               financial year – 35% franked (2016:
               24.5%) at the Australia corporate tax
               rate of 30%                                                   5.5                  13,766             7.2              18,000
                Special dividend paid prior to the IPO
               – 24.5% franked at the Australia
               corporate tax rate of 30%                                       –                      –             12.0              30,000
               Total                                                                              31,287                              48,000

               The interim dividend of 7.0c per share for the financial year ended 30 June 2017 was paid on 31 March 2017.
               The final dividend of 5.5c per share for the financial year ended 30 June 2016 was paid on 30 September 2016.

               6.2 Dividends proposed and not recognised at the end of the reporting period
               A dividend of 5.50 cents per share franked at 55% was declared on 21 August 2017, payable on 28 September 2017 to
               shareholders registered on 7 September 2017.

               6.3 Franking credits
               The balance of the franking account at 30 June 2017 is $6.831m (2016: $3.133m) based on a tax rate of 30% (2016: 30%). The
               dividend payment on 28 September 2017 will reduce the franking credits available by $3.245m for the consolidated Group.




                                                                                                                                                  67
               Notes to the consolidated financial statements
               continued


               7. Earnings per share
               Accounting policy




For personal use only
               Basic earnings per share
               Basic earnings per share (EPS) is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company, excluding
               any costs of servicing equity other than ordinary shares, by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
               during the reporting period, adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the reporting period.

               Diluted earnings per share
               Diluted EPS adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic EPS to take into account:
               > the after income tax effect of any interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive potential ordinary
                 shares; and
               > the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding assuming the conversion
                 of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

                                                                                30 June 2017                              30 June 2016
                                                                                   Cents                                     Cents
                                                                           Basic               Diluted              Basic             Diluted
               Earnings per share                                           16.58                16.20               15.95               15.60


                                                                                                              30 June 2017      30 June 2016
               Earnings used in calculating earnings per share                                                       $000              $000
               Earnings used in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share                              41,511              39,914


               Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator                                      30 June 2017      30 June 2016
               Weighted average number of shares used as denominator in calculating
               basic EPS                                                                                      250,294,968        250,294,968
               Weighted average of potential dilutive ordinary shares:
               – options                                                                                        4,150,000            3,615,616
               – performance rights                                                                              1,775,290           1,888,317
               Weighted average number of shares used as denominator
               in calculating diluted EPS                                                                     256,220,258        255,798,901

               A share split took place prior to the Group’s IPO in the year ended 30 June 2016 (refer Note 19). The basic and diluted
               earnings per share presented for both the current and comparative year are calculated using the number of shares on issue
               following the share split.




     68        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               Assets and liabilities




For personal use only
               8. Trade and other receivables
               Accounting policy
               Trade receivables, which generally have 30 to 60 day terms, are initially recognised at fair value and are subsequently
               measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method less an allowance for any uncollectible amounts.
               Collectability of trade receivables is reviewed on an ongoing basis. Debts that are known to be uncollectible are written
               off when identified.
               An allowance for doubtful debts is made when there is objective evidence that a trade receivable is impaired. The amount
               of the allowance is measured as the difference between the carrying amount of the trade receivables and the present value
               of the estimated future cash flows expected to be recovered from the relevant debtors.

                                                                                                          30 June 2017       30 June 2016
                                                                                                                $’000              $’000
               Trade receivables                                                                                34,879              25,993
               Allowance for doubtful debts                                                                      (1,335)                  (78)
                                                                                                                33,544              25,915
               Other receivables                                                                                  7,975              5,199
                                                                                                                 41,519              31,114

               Included in the Group’s trade receivable balance are debtors with a carrying amount of $10.469m (2016: $8.883m) which are
               past due at the reporting date for which the Group has not provided as there has not been a significant change in credit
               quality and the amounts are still considered recoverable.

               Age of receivables that are past due but not impaired

                                                                                                          30 June 2017       30 June 2016
                                                                                                                $’000              $’000
               1 – 30 days                                                                                       4,683                   1,941
               30 – 60 days                                                                                        199                   555
               60 – 90 days                                                                                       1,236              1,454
               90 – 120 days                                                                                     3,227               2,034
               120+ days                                                                                          1,124             2,899
               Total                                                                                            10,469              8,883


               Movement in the allowance for doubtful debts

                                                                                                          30 June 2017       30 June 2016
                                                                                                                $’000              $’000
               Balance at beginning of the year                                                                     (78)                  (151)
               Impairment losses recognised on receivables                                                       (1,324)                 (132)
               Amounts written off during the year                                                                  67                      2
               Impairment losses reversed                                                                             –                  203
               Balance at end of the year                                                                        (1,335)                  (78)

               See Note 20.2 on credit risk of trade receivables, which discusses how the Group manages and measures credit quality
               of trade receivables that are neither past due nor impaired.




                                                                                                                                                  69
               Notes to the consolidated financial statements
               continued


               9. Capitalised development costs
               Capitalised development costs represents internally developed systems not yet put into use. These assets will be
               transferred to intangible assets or plant, property and equipment as appropriate on the date of completion.




For personal use only
               Capitalised development costs arising from the development phase of an internal project are recognised if, and only if,
               all of the following have been demonstrated:
               > the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use;
               > the intention to complete the intangible asset and use it;
               > the ability to use the intangible asset;
               > the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;
               > the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and the intangible
                 asset; and
               > the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development.
               The amount recognised is the sum of the expenditure incurred from the date when the project development first meets the
               recognition criteria listed above. Where above criteria is not met, development expenditure is recognised in profit or loss in
               the period in which it is incurred.

                                                                                                              30 June 2017       30 June 2016
                                                                                                                    $’000              $’000
               Balance at beginning of the year                                                                       6,096             2,625
               Additions                                                                                              10,455             3,471
               Transfers to intangible assets                                                                         (6,661)               –
               Balance at end of the year                                                                             9,890             6,096


               10. Property, plant and equipment
               Accounting policy
               Property, plant and equipment is carried at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, if any. Property,
               plant and equipment are depreciated using the straight line basis over their estimated useful economic lives. The expected
               useful lives for each class of depreciable assets are:

               Class of Fixed asset                Depreciation rate
               Leasehold Improvements              Lease term
               Plant and equipment                 20-33%

               Impairment
               The carrying values of property, plant and equipment are reviewed annually for indications of impairment to ensure they
               are not in excess of the recoverable amount for these assets. An impairment loss is recognised to the extent that the
               carrying amount of an asset or cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount.
               The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period,
               with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.




     70        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               10. Property, plant and equipment (continued)
               Accounting policy (continued)




For personal use only
               Impairment (continued)
                                                                                                                    Leasehold       Plant and
                                                                                                                 improvements      equipment       Total
               Cost                                                                                                     $’000           $’000      $’000
               Balance at 1 July 2015                                                                                  10,037           11,125     21,162
               Additions                                                                                                 3,218          2,770      5,988
               Disposals                                                                                                 (728)           (633)      (1,361)
               Balance at 30 June 2016                                                                                  12,527         13,262     25,789
               Additions                                                                                                3,966           2,729      6,695
               Acquisitions through business combinations                                                                   18          1,544       1,562
               Disposals                                                                                                  (102)          (423)       (525)
               Balance at 30 June 2017                                                                                 16,409           17,112     33,521
               Accumulated depreciation
               Balance at 1 July 2015                                                                                  (5,297)         (7,370)    (12,667)
               Depreciation for the year                                                                                 (1,517)       (2,278)     (3,795)
               Adjustments(1)                                                                                                –            797        797
               Disposals                                                                                                  542             633       1,175
               Balance at 30 June 2016                                                                                  (6,272)        (8,218)    (14,490)
               Depreciation for the year                                                                                (1,966)        (2,310)     (4,276)
               Acquisitions through business combinations                                                                    (4)        (1,124)     (1,128)
               Disposals                                                                                                    73            423        496
               Balance at 30 June 2017                                                                                  (8,169)        (11,229)   (19,398)
               Net Book Value
               At 30 June 2016                                                                                          6,255          5,044       11,299
               At 30 June 2017                                                                                          8,240          5,883       14,123
               1. Represents the foreign currency translation adjustments relating to previous financial years



               11. Intangible assets
               Critical accounting estimates and assumptions
               Impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives
               Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are allocated to a cash-generating unit (CGU) or group of CGUs
               and tested for impairment annually to determine whether they have suffered any impairment in accordance with the
               accounting policy stated below.
               The recoverable amounts of the CGU or group of CGUs to which the assets have been allocated have been determined
               based on the value in use calculations. These calculations are performed based on cash flow projections and other
               supplementary information which, given their forward looking nature, require the adoption of assumptions and estimates.
               The key assumptions and estimates utilised in management’s assessments relate primarily to:
               > Three years cash flow forecasts sourced from internal budgets and management forecasts;
               > Terminal value growth rates applied to the period beyond the three year cash flow forecasts; and
               > Pre-tax discount rates, used to discount the cash flows to present value.
               Each of these assumptions and estimates is based on a “best estimate” at the time of performing the valuation. However,
               increase in discount rates or changes in other key assumptions, such as operating conditions or financial performance,
               may cause the carrying value of CGU or group of CGUs to exceed their recoverable amount.

                                                                                                                                                              71
               Notes to the consolidated financial statements
               continued


               11. Intangible assets (continued)
               Accounting policy




For personal use only
               Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets acquired
               in a business combination is their fair value at the date of acquisition. Following initial recognition, intangible assets are
               carried at cost less any accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. Internally generated intangibles,
               excluding capitalised development costs, are not capitalised and the related expenditure is reflected in profit or loss in the
               period in which the expenditure is incurred.
               The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed as either finite or indefinite.
               Intangible assets with finite lives are amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there
               is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method for an
               intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at the end of each reporting period. Changes in the expected
               useful life or the expected pattern of consumption of future economic benefits embodied in the asset are considered to
               modify the amortisation period or method, as appropriate, and are treated as changes in accounting estimates and
               adjusted on a prospective basis. The amortisation expense on intangible assets with finite lives is recognised in the
               statement of profit or loss as the expense category that is consistent with the function of the intangible assets. Intangible
               assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortised but are tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or
               changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired, and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses.

               Software
               Software is amortised over the useful life of 3 to 5 years.

               Student placement licence
               Student placement licence is a separately identifiable intangible asset arising from a business combination and is
               recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Student placement licence is amortised over 15 years.

               Brand and trade names
               Brand and trade names are separately identifiable intangible assets arising from business combinations and are recognised
               at fair value at the acquisition date. The useful life of brand and trade names are assessed based on nature of the specific
               market and assets. Brand and trade names from Hotcourses acquisition are considered to have an indefinite useful life and
               as such are not amortised. Brand and trade name from the Promising Education acquisition is amortised over 15 years.

               Customer relationships
               Customer relationships are separately identifiable intangible assets arising from business combinations and are recognised
               at fair value at the acquisition date. Customer relationships are amortised between 8 and 19 years.

               Website technology and database
               Website technology and database is a separately identifiable intangible asset arising from a business combination and is
               recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Website technology and database are amortised between 3 and 5 years.

               Contracts for English language testing and Goodwill
               Contracts for English language testing acquired on 1 September 2006 are recognised at their fair value at date of
               acquisition. There is no termination date in accordance with its term and management has re-assessed the events and
               circumstances, which supports an indefinite useful life assessment for Contracts for English language testing. These
               contracts are considered to have an indefinite useful life and as such are not amortised.
               Contracts of English language testing and Goodwill are not amortised but are tested for impairment annually, or more
               frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired, and is carried at cost less accumulated
               impairment losses. Contracts of English language testing and Goodwill are allocated to CGUs for the purpose of impairment
               testing. The allocation is made to those CGUs or group of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the Contracts for English
               language testing and business combination in which the Goodwill arose.




     72        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               11. Intangible assets (continued)
               Accounting policy (continued)




For personal use only
               Contracts for English language testing and Goodwill (continued)
                                                                                      Website              Contracts
                                                    Student Brand and     Customer technology              for English
                                                 placement      trade      relation-       and              language
                                        Software     licence   names           ships database     Goodwill     testing    Total
               Cost                        $’000       $’000    $’000         $’000      $’000      $’000       $’000     $’000
               Balance at 1 July 2015     22,639      2,493     1,059          249           –       13,225    35,200    74,865
               Additions                      146         –         –             –          –           –           –       146
               Balance at
               30 June 2016               22,785      2,493     1,059          249           –       13,225    35,200     75,011
               Additions                     394          –         –             –          –           –           –      394
               Transfer from
               capitalised
               development costs            6,661         –         –             –          –           –           –     6,661
               Acquisitions through
               business combinations            –         –    13,062        12,975      6,715      23,848           –   56,600
               Disposals                       (4)        –         –             –          –           –           –         (4)
               Effect of foreign
               currency exchange
               differences                      –         –       243           241        125         444           –     1,053
               Balance at
               30 June 2017               29,836      2,493    14,364        13,465     6,840        37,517    35,200    139,715
               Accumulated
               amortisation
               Balance at 1 July 2015     (18,027)      (14)        (6)          (2)         –           –           –   (18,049)
               Amortisation
               for the year                (3,349)        –         –             –          –           –           –    (3,349)
               Amortisation of
               intangible assets
               generated from
               business combinations            –      (166)       (71)         (16)         –           –           –      (253)
               Disposals                        –         –         –             –          –           –           –          –
               Balance at
               30 June 2016               (21,376)     (180)      (77)          (18)         –           –           –    (21,651)
               Amortisation
               for the year                (1,504)        –         –             –                      –           –    (1,504)
               Amortisation of
               intangible assets
               generated from
               business combinations            –      (166)       (71)        (362)      (762)          –           –     (1,361)
               Disposals                        4         –         –             –          –           –           –         4
               Effect of foreign
               currency exchange
               differences                      –         –         –             9         21           –           –        30
               Balance at
               30 June 2017               (22,876)    (346)      (148)         (371)      (741)          –           –   (24,482)
               Net Book Value
               At 30 June 2016              1,409     2,313       982           231          –       13,225    35,200    53,360
               At 30 June 2017             6,960      2,147     14,216       13,094     6,099        37,517    35,200    115,233

                                                                                                                                     73
               Notes to the consolidated financial statements
               continued


               11. Intangible assets (continued)
               Accounting policy (continued)




For personal use only
               Impairment testing and key assumptions
               A summary by CGU of the carrying amount of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives is detailed below:

                                                                                                    30 June 2017                                          30 June 2016
                                                                                                      Intangible assets                                     Intangible assets
                                                                                             Goodwill    with indefinite                           Goodwill    with indefinite
               CGU/Group of CGUs                                                               $’000 useful lives $’000                              $’000 useful lives $’000
               Asia – IELTS testing                                                               4,476                     14,625                      4,476                     14,625
               Australasia – IELTS testing                                                         3,451                     11,275                      3,451                     11,275
               Rest of World – IELTS testing                                                      2,847                      9,300                      2,847                      9,300
               China – Student placement                                                           2,451                           –                     2,451                            –
               UK – Advertising                                                                 24,292                      13,305                            –                           –
                                                                                                 37,517                    48,505                      13,225                    35,200

               The Group tests whether Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are subject to any impairment annually.
               The recoverable amount is based on a value in use calculation which uses discounted cash flow projections based on three
               years internal budgets and management forecasts. Cash flow projections during the budget/forecast period are based on
               management’s best estimate of volume growth, expenses, inflation and foreign exchange rate throughout the period.

               Key assumptions

                                                                 Valuation            Years of cash                    Terminal
               CGU/Group of CGUs                                   method           flow projection                 growth rate                   Pre-tax discount rate %
                                                                                                                                                          2017                       2016
               Asia – IELTS testing1                          Value in use                              3                        3%                     10.0%                      10.3%
               Australasia – IELTS                            Value in use                              3                       0%                      10.0%                      10.3%
               testing1
               Rest of World – IELTS                          Value in use                              3                        3%                     10.0%                      10.3%
               testing1
               China – Student                                Value in use                              3                     2.5%                         18%                          18%
               placement1
               UK – Advertising2                              Value in use                              4                     2.5%                       11.5%                            –
               1. In the current year, management used the value in use calculations from the preceding period, updated for the current year pre-tax discount rate to determine each CGU’s
                  recoverable amount. Based on the current year assessment the recoverable amounts substantially exceed the current year carrying amounts for each respective CGU.
                  Any reasonable change in the key assumptions from the preceding period would not result in a significant change to the recoverable amounts

               2. The fair value determined on acquisition supports the carrying amount in the UK – Advertising CGU, and therefore no impairment has been recognised at 30 June 2017.
                  There are no indicators to suggest that the performance of the UK – Advertising CGU has significantly changed from expectation since acquisition date

               As at 30 June 2017, no impairment has been recognised, and no reasonably possible changes in significant assumptions
               would give rise to an impairment of Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and Goodwill.


               12. Other current assets
                                                                                                                                              30 June 2017               30 June 2016
                                                                                                                                                    $’000                      $’000
               Prepayments                                                                                                                              5,376                      4,907
               Refundable deposits                                                                                                                        4,101                     4,155
               Other assets                                                                                                                                338                          208
                                                                                                                                                         9,815                     9,270



     74        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               13. Trade and other payables
                                                                                                                                           30 June 2017   30 June 2016
               Current                                                                                                                           $’000          $’000




For personal use only
               Trade payables                                                                                                                    37,261         30,914
               Other payables                                                                                                                       134              –
               Employee benefits payable                                                                                                         12,882         10,386
                                                                                                                                                50,277          41,300

                                                                                                                                           30 June 2017   30 June 2016
               Non-current                                                                                                                       $’000          $’000
               Lease incentive liabilities                                                                                                          124            102
                                                                                                                                                50,401          41,402

               As at 30 June 2017 and 2016, the carrying value of trade and other payables approximated their fair value.


               14. Deferred revenue
                                                                                                                                           30 June 2017   30 June 2016
                                                                                                                                                 $’000          $’000
               Unearned income – Examination fees1                                                                                               12,681          8,910
               Unearned income – Exhibition fees2                                                                                                 1,977          1,519
               Unearned income – School fees 3                                                                                                   3,585          3,682
               Unearned income – Advertising contracts 4                                                                                          7,017              –
               Unearned income – Others                                                                                                            458               –
                                                                                                                                                 25,718          14,111
               1. The deferred revenue arises in respect to IELTS fees paid by candidates in advance of the IELTS testing month

               2. The deferred revenue arises as a result of exhibition fees paid by participants in advance of the event date

               3. The deferred revenue arises as a result of tuition fees paid by participants in advance of the tuition date

               4. The deferred revenue arises as a result of advertising contracts fees paid by customers in advance of service delivery

               Refer to note 3 for the revenue recognition accounting policy for each of the revenue stream above.


               15. Provisions
               Accounting policy
               Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is
               probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable
               estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.
               If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate that reflects, when
               appropriate, the risks specific to the liability. When discounting is used, the increase in the provision due to the passage of
               time is recognised as a finance cost.

               Provision for make good
               A make good liability or obligation is provided for to dismantle, remove and restore items of property, plant and equipment
               in properties leased by the Group. The provision calculation is based on the terms of the lease agreements.

               Employee benefits
               A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees in respect of wages and salaries and long service leave when
               it is probable that settlement will be required and they are capable of being measured reliably.
               Provision is made for the Group’s liability for employee benefits arising from services rendered by employees to balance
               date. Employee benefits that are expected to be settled within one year have been measured at the amounts expected
               to be paid when the liability is settled, plus related on-costs. Employee benefits payable later than one year have been
               measured at the present value of the estimated future cash outflows to be made for those benefits.

                                                                                                                                                                          75
               Notes to the consolidated financial statements
               continued


               15. Provisions (continued)
               Accounting policy (continued)




For personal use only
               Employee benefits (continued)
                                                                                                         30 June 2017        30 June 2016
                                                                                                               $’000               $’000
               Employee benefits                                                                                 7,802               7,128
               Make good provision                                                                               3,186              2,660
                                                                                                                10,988              9,788


               Current                                                                                           7,722              7,087
               Non-current                                                                                      3,266               2,701
                                                                                                                10,988              9,788

               Movement in make good provisions are set out below

               Balance at beginning of the year                                                                 2,660               2,073
               Additional provisions required                                                                     434                538
               Unwinding of discount and effect of changes in the discount rate                                    92                  49
               Balance at end of the year                                                                        3,186              2,660



               Capital structure and financing

               16. Borrowings
                                                                                                         30 June 2017        30 June 2016
               Non-current                                                                                     $’000               $’000
               Bank loans                                                                                       39,108                  –

               During the year, the Group drew down bank loan of £27.5m ($45.6m) to fund the acquisition of Hotcourses Limited, a digital
               marketing and online student recruitment company in the UK. The loan bears interest at variable market rates and is
               repayable by 18 January 2020. Repayments of the bank loans amounting to £4.1m ($6.9m) were made before 30 June 2017.

               Financing arrangement
               The Group has access to the following borrowing facilities at the end of the year:

                                                                                                         30 June 2017        30 June 2016
                                                                                          Currency              ’000                 ’000
               Cash advance term facility1                                                      GBP            36,000                   –
               Facility utilised at end of the year                                             GBP            (23,381)                 –
               Facility not utilised at end of the year                                         GBP             12,619                  –
               1. Cash advance term facility will expire on 18 January 2020


                                                                                                         30 June 2017        30 June 2016
                                                                                          Currency              ’000                 ’000
               Multi-option facility2                                                          AUD             10,000              10,000
               Facility utilised at end of the year                                            AUD                   –                  –
               Facility not utilised at end of the year                                        AUD             10,000              10,000
               2. Multi-option facility will expire on 18 January 2018



     76        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               17. Cash flow information
               Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term highly
               liquid investments with maturities of three months or less, net of bank overdrafts.




For personal use only
               The reconciliation of profit for the year after tax to net cash flows from operating activities is as follows:

                                                                                                              30 June 2017      30 June 2016
                                                                                                                    $’000             $’000
               Net profit after tax                                                                                   41,511          39,914
               Adjustment for:
                  Depreciation and amortisation                                                                        7,141           7,397
                  Doubtful debt provision                                                                              1,192             (40)
                  Net foreign exchange loss                                                                           1,928             154
                  Interest expenses                                                                                   1,043              103
                  Share-based payments                                                                                2,765           2,087
                  Unwinding discount of provisions                                                                       92              49
                  Loss on disposal of plant and equipment                                                                45              201
               Movement in working capital:
                  Trade and other receivables                                                                        (5,728)          (3,079)
                  Derivative financial instruments                                                                     (663)          9,079
                  Other assets                                                                                          263             329
                  Trade and other payables                                                                            8,013           (7,092)
                  Current and deferred tax assets                                                                       287           (6,107)
                  Provisions                                                                                          1,200             950
               Cash generated from operations                                                                       59,089           43,945
               Interest paid                                                                                           (278)            (103)
               Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                             58,811          43,842


               Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents

                                                                                                              30 June 2017      30 June 2016
                                                                                                                    $’000             $’000
               Cash and bank at call                                                                                 41,958          35,353
                                                                                                                     41,958          35,353


               18. Lease commitments
                                                                                                              30 June 2017      30 June 2016
               Operating lease commitments                                                                          $’000             $’000
               Non-cancellable operating leases contracted for but not capitalised
               in the financial statements
                  Not later than one year                                                                             9,794           8,837
                  Later than one year and not later than five years                                                 20,669            13,063
                  Later than five years                                                                               3,808            1,459
               Minimum lease payments                                                                                34,271          23,359

               The Group leases various offices under non-cancellable operating leases expiring within one to ten years. The leases have
               varying terms, escalation clauses and renewal rights.



                                                                                                                                                77
               Notes to the consolidated financial statements
               continued


               19. Issued capital
               19.1 Share capital




For personal use only
                                                                                                              30 June 2017        30 June 2016
                                                                                                  Note              $’000               $’000
               Ordinary shares fully paid                                                                           23,483               27,450
               Treasury shares                                                                     19.2              (4,057)             (2,400)
                                                                                                                     19,426              25,050


               Movement in ordinary shares (fully paid)                             Number of shares           $ per share                $’000
               Balance at 1 July 2015                                                        3,015,602                 9.10              27,450
               12 November 2015               Share split prior to IPO                     247,279,364                    –                      –
               12 November 2015               Issue of new shares                                     2                   –                      –
               Balance at 30 June 2016 (including treasury shares)                        250,294,968                                    27,450
               Issue of new shares                                                                    –                   –                      –
               Transfer of treasury shares to employees                                               –                   –              (3,967)
               Balance at 30 June 2017 (including treasury shares)                        250,294,968                                    23,483

               A share split took place prior to the Group’s IPO in the year ended 30 June 2016, whereby an additional 82 shares were
               issued for every one existing share. In addition to the share split, two additional shares were issued at IPO. The number
               of shares on issue is 250,294,968.

               19.2 Treasury shares

               Movement in treasury shares                                          Number of shares           $ per share                $’000
               Balance at 1 July 2015                                                                 –                   –                      –
               Buy back of treasury shares                                                    905,660                  2.65               2,400
               Balance at 30 June 2016                                                        905,660                     –               2,400
               Buy back of treasury shares – FY17 1st HY                                        136,571                4.60                    628
               Buy back of treasury shares – FY17 2nd HY                                      1,047,632                4.77               4,996
               Transfer to employees                                                         (1,248,447)                3.17             (3,967)
               Balance at 30 June 2017                                                          841,416                                   4,057

               During the 1st half of FY17, IDP Education Employee Share Scheme Trust acquired 136,571 shares (at an average price of $4.60
               per share) to be held in the Trust for the benefit of IDP Education group employees who are participants in the IDP Education
               Employee Incentive Plan. During the 2nd half of FY17, IDP Education Employee Share Scheme Trust further acquired 1,047,632
               shares (at an average price of $4.77 per share).
               During FY17, 1,248,447 treasury shares were transferred to employees under the performance rights plans (Note 21.2). These
               shares therefore ceased to be held as treasury shares after these dates.
               As at 30 June 2017, there are 841,416 treasury shares ($4.1m) held in the Trust. These shares will be transferred to eligible
               employees under the Performance Rights plan once the vesting conditions are met.




     78        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               20. Financial instruments
               20.1 Financial assets and liabilities




For personal use only
                                                                                                                30 June 2017         30 June 2016
                                                                                                                      $’000                $’000
               Financial assets
               Cash and cash equivalents                                                                               41,958              35,353
               Derivative financial instruments
                  Foreign exchange forward/option contracts                                                              484                 1,014
               Trade and other receivables                                                                              41,519               31,114
               Financial liabilities
               Borrowings                                                                                              39,108                       –
               Fair value through profit or loss
                  Contingent consideration                                                                              12,012              2,356
               Derivative financial instruments
                  Foreign exchange forward/option contracts                                                             3,070               4,264
               Trade and other payables                                                                                50,401               41,402


               Contingent consideration
               As part of accounting for the acquisition of Beijing Promising Education Limited, contingent consideration with an estimated
               fair value of $2.356m was recognised as at 30 June 2016. The final payment amount was $2.4m and the payment was made
               in August 2016.
               As part of the acquisition of Hotcourses Limited, contingent consideration with an estimated fair value of $11.3m was
               recognised on 31 January 2017 (i.e. the acquisition date). The contingent consideration is classified as a financial liability
               at fair value through profit and loss. The final payment amount of the contingent consideration is dependent on the KPI
               measurement (sales growth and successful integration) of Hotcourses Limited for the 12 month period after the acquisition.
               The fair value of the contingent consideration was re-assessed as $12.0m as at 30 June 2017. The payment is due in
               February/March 2018.

               Accounting policy
               Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting

               Initial recognition and subsequent measurement
               The Group uses derivative financial instruments, such as forward currency contracts and options to hedge its foreign
               currency risks. Such derivative financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date on which a derivative
               contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured at fair value. Derivatives are carried as financial assets when
               the fair value is positive and as financial liabilities when the fair value is negative.
               Any gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of derivatives are taken directly to profit or loss, except for the
               effective portion of cash flow hedges, which is recognised in other comprehensive income (OCI) and later reclassified to
               profit or loss when the hedged item affects profit or loss.

               Cash flow hedges
               Hedges are classified as cash flow hedges when hedging the exposure to variability in cash flows that is either attributable
               to a particular risk associated with a recognised asset or liability or a highly probable forecast transaction or the foreign
               currency risk in an unrecognised firm commitment.
               The effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognised in OCI in the cash flow hedge reserve,
               while any ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the statement of profit or loss as other operating expenses.
               The Group uses forward currency contracts and options as hedges of its exposure to foreign currency risk in forecast
               transactions and firm commitments. The ineffective portion relating to foreign currency contracts is recognised in profit or loss.



                                                                                                                                                        79
               Notes to the consolidated financial statements
               continued


               20. Financial instruments (continued)
               20.1 Financial assets and liabilities (continued)




For personal use only
               Accounting policy (continued)
               Cash flow hedges (continued)
               Amounts recognised as OCI are transferred to profit or loss when the hedged transaction affects profit or loss, such as
               when the hedged financial income or financial expense is recognised or when a forecast transaction occurs.
               If the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised without replacement or rollover (as part of the hedging
               strategy), or if its designation as a hedge is revoked, or when the hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting,
               any cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI remains separately in equity until the forecast transaction occurs
               or the foreign currency firm commitment is met.

               Hedge of net investments in foreign operations
               Hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation, including a hedge of a monetary item that is accounted for as part of the
               net investment, are accounted for in a way similar to cash flow hedges. Gains or losses on the hedging instrument relating
               to the effective portion of the hedge are recognised as OCI while any gains or losses relating to the ineffective portion are
               recognised in the statement of profit or loss. On disposal of the foreign operation, the cumulative value of any such gains
               or losses recorded in equity is transferred to the statement of profit or loss.
               The Group uses a loan and a contingent consideration as a hedge of its exposure to foreign exchange risk on its investments
               in foreign subsidiaries. The loan at 30 June 2017 was a borrowing of GBP 23.4m and a contingent consideration of GBP 7.5m
               which has been designated as a hedge of the net investment in the newly acquired subsidiary in UK, Hotcourses Limited.
               This borrowing is being used to hedge the Group’s exposure to the GBP foreign exchange risk on this investment. Gains or
               losses on the retranslation of this borrowing are transferred to OCI to offset any gains or losses on translation of the net
               investment in the subsidiary. There is no ineffectiveness in the year ended 30 June 2017.

               20.2 Financial risk management objectives and policies
               The Group’s Corporate Treasury function provides services to the business, co-ordinates access to domestic and
               international financial markets, monitors and manages the financial risks relating to the operations of the Group through
               internal risk reports which analyse exposures by degree and magnitude of risks. These risks include market risk (including
               currency risk) and liquidity risk.
               The Group seeks to minimise the effects of these risks by using derivative financial instruments to hedge risk exposures. The
               use of financial derivatives is governed by the Group’s policies approved by the Board of Directors, which provide written
               principles on foreign exchange risk, the use of financial derivatives and the investment of excess liquidity. Compliance with
               policies and exposure limits is reviewed by the internal auditors on a continuous basis. The Group does not enter into or
               trade financial instruments, including derivative financial instruments, for speculative purposes.
               The Group’s Corporate Treasury function reports at least quarterly to the Group’s Audit and Risk Committee, an
               independent body that monitors risks and policies implemented to mitigate risk exposures.

               Market risk
               Foreign currency risk management
               The Group’s activities expose it primarily to the financial risks of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Foreign
               exchange risk arises when future commercial transactions and recognised assets and liabilities are denominated in a
               currency that is not the Group’s functional currency. Predominantly these foreign currencies include British Pounds (GBP),
               Indian Rupee (INR) and Chinese Yuan (CNY). The Group enters into a variety of derivative financial instruments to manage
               its exposure to foreign currency risk.
               Foreign currency exchange rate risk arises from:
               > GBP payments to the University of Cambridge Local Examinations Syndicate test materials commitment;
               > Borrowings denominated in GBP;
               > Other foreign currencies income or operational expenses (mainly CNY and INR); and
               > GBP, USD, CAD and NZD receivable from student placement revenue and IELTS examination fees.




     80        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               20. Financial instruments (continued)
               20.2 Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)




For personal use only
               Cash flow hedge
               The Company utilises a variety of methods to manage its foreign currency exchange rate risk. The key method is the use
               of forward exchange contracts and currency option contracts. The Company’s hedging policy permits the purchase of
               forward exchange contracts up to 100% and currency option contracts up to 50% of the currency exposure on the current
               and following year’s forecast cash operating expenses and revenues (net of any forecast cash receipts and payments in
               the same currency). The main currencies currently covered by the hedging strategy are GBP, CNY and INR.
               The Company’s current policy is to enter into hedges during the current year covering up to 25% each quarter of the foreign
               currency exchange rate exposure of the following financial year’s forecast cash operating expenses (net of any forecast
               cash receipts). The balance of the hedge program is completed when the Board approves the Company’s budget and cash
               flow forecasts for the following financial year (which is prior to the commencement of that financial year).
               The following table details the significant forward currency contracts and options outstanding at the end of the
               reporting period.
                                                                         Foreign currency                       Foreign currency
                                                                   30 June 2017       30 June 2016        30 June 2017       30 June 2016
               Buy GBP                                                   $’000              $’000               $’000              $’000
               0 to 3 months                                              8,008                8,394             (2,021)              (1,307)
               3 to 6 months                                              4,678                 1,710             (257)                    11
               6 months to 1 year                                         7,720                9,335              (339)                (1,737)
               Over 1 year                                                    –                4,170                  –                 (106)

               Sell INR
               0 to 3 months                                            300,733              174,692                 3                    54
               3 to 6 months                                            144,823              225,144                67                    92
               6 months to 1 year                                      268,400               360,670              200                    257
               Over 1 year                                                    –                5,935                  –                     3

               Buy INR
               0 to 3 months                                              10,194                  77               (29)                  (153)
               3 to 6 months                                             15,676               12,284                (61)                 (151)
               6 months to 1 year                                        21,077                26,110              (116)                (207)

               Foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities
               The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities at the end of
               the reporting period are as follows:
                                                                              30 June 2017                           30 June 2016
                                                                        Assets           Liabilities           Assets             Liabilities
               AUD equivalent                                            $’000               $’000              $’000                 $’000
               USD                                                        8,167                  (175)          9,055                   (426)
               CNY                                                        3,210               (1,383)           3,608                 (3,168)
               GBP                                                       10,269              (65,888)           5,299                 (12,261)
               INR                                                        3,373               (4,508)            1,738                (4,388)
               NZD                                                        2,102                     –             1,451                    –
               VND                                                        1,336                 (560)            1,437                  (822)
               CAD                                                        2,866                 (278)            1,442                   (98)
               Other Currencies                                           9,315                (3,281)          6,258                 (3,398)
               Total                                                    40,638               (76,073)          30,288                (24,561)


                                                                                                                                                 81
               Notes to the consolidated financial statements
               continued


               20. Financial instruments (continued)
               20.2 Financial risk management objectives and policies  (continued)




For personal use only
               Foreign currency sensitivity analysis
               The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 10% movement in the Australian dollar against the significant foreign
               currencies. 10% is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to key management personnel and
               represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis
               includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items and foreign exchange contracts. A positive number
               below indicates an increase in profit or equity whereas a negative number below indicates a decrease in profit or equity.

                                                                                                           Effect on profit             Effect
                                                                                                                  and loss           on equity
                                                                                                                     $’000               $’000
               USD
               2017                                                                               10%                  (622)                 (622)
               2016                                                                               10%                 (604)                  (604)
               CNY
               2017                                                                               10%                  (142)                  560
               2016                                                                               10%                   (31)                 (605)
               GBP
               2017                                                                               10%                   316              (1,638)
               2016                                                                               10%                  487               (2,834)
               INR
               2017                                                                               10%                   88                   1,205
               2016                                                                               10%                  186                   1,374
               Other currencies
               2017                                                                               10%                 (903)                  (874)
               2016                                                                               10%                   (23)                 (204)


               Interest rate risk management
               Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of
               changes in market interest rates. The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily
               to the Group’s debt obligations with floating interest rates.
               At 30 June 2017, the Group was exposed to the variable interest rate loans of $39.6 m. At 30 June 2016, the Group did not
               have any financial liabilities exposed to interest rate movement risk.

               Interest rate sensitivity analysis
               The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in interest rates on that portion of loans
               and borrowings affected, after the impact of hedge accounting. With all other variables held constant, the Group’s profit
               is affected through the impact on floating rate borrowings, as follows:

                                                                                           Increase/
                                                                                    decrease in basis      Effect on profit    Effect on equity
                                                                                               points      and loss $’000                 $’000
               2017                                                                                 50                  138                   138
               2016                                                                                n/a                    –                     –

               The assumed movement in basis points for the interest rate sensitivity analysis is based on the currently observable
               market environment.



     82        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               20. Financial instruments (continued)
               20.2 Financial risk management objectives and policies  (continued)




For personal use only
               Liquidity risk management
               The Board of Directors is ultimately responsible for liquidity risk management. The Group has established an appropriate
               liquidity risk management framework for the management of the Group’s short, medium and long term funding and liquidity
               management requirements. The Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate borrowing facilities by continuously
               monitoring forecast and actual cash flows, and by matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.
               The Group has a policy which describes the manner in which cash balances will be invested. The investment policy is to
               ensure sufficient flexibility to capture investment opportunities as they may occur, yet maintain reasonable parameters
               in the execution of the investment program.
               The following table summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities based on contractual undiscounted
               payments. The table has been drawn up based on the net cash inflows and outflows on derivative instruments that settle
               on a net basis and the undiscounted gross inflows and outflows on those derivatives that require gross settlement.

                                                                                                   More than                        Carrying
                                                                     Less than       1-5 years       5 years           Total         amount
                                                                  1 year $’000           $’000         $’000           $’000          $’000
               30 June 2017
               – Trade and other payables                              50,277             124              –          50,401         50,401
               – Interest-bearing borrowings                              814          40,817              –           41,631         39,108
               – Financial liabilities at fair value through
                  profit or loss                                         12,731              –              –           12,731         12,012
               – Foreign exchange forward contracts                     3,070               –              –           3,070          3,070
                                                                       66,892           40,941              –         107,833         104,591
               30 June 2016
               – Trade and other payables                              41,300             102              –          41,402          41,402
               – Financial liabilities at fair value through
                  profit or loss                                         2,356               –               –          2,356          2,356
               – Foreign exchange forward contracts                     3,996            268                –          4,264          4,264
                                                                        47,652            370                –        48,022          48,022

               Credit risk management
               Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to
               the Group. The Group has adopted a policy of only dealing with creditworthy counterparties and obtaining sufficient
               collateral, where appropriate, as a means of mitigating the risk of financial loss from defaults. The Group only transacts
               with financial institutions that are rated the equivalent of investment grade and above. Credit rating information is supplied
               by independent rating agencies where available and, if not available, the Group uses other publicly available financial
               information and its own trading records to rate its major customers. The Group’s exposure and the credit ratings of its
               counterparties are continuously monitored and the aggregate value of transactions concluded is spread amongst approved
               counterparties. Credit exposure for cash and cash equivalents is controlled by counterparty limits that are reviewed and
               approved by the Audit and Risk Committee annually.
               The Group’s customer base comprises of Australia universities, UK, US, Canada and New Zealand universities and
               institutions and IELTS test centres. Credit risk assessments are conducted on new and renegotiated contracts to evaluate
               each customer’s creditworthiness. Management considers the Group’s credit risk is low due to the industry characteristic
               of major customers and the diverse customer base.
               Management also considers many factors that influence the credit risk of its customer base including the industry default
               risk and country in which customers operate in. Management closely monitors the economic and political environment in
               geographical areas to limit the exposure to particular volatility. The Group’s activities are increasingly geographically
               spread reducing the credit risk associated with one particular market or region.
               For trade and other receivables the Group does not hold any credit derivatives or collateral to offset its credit exposure.



                                                                                                                                                83
               Notes to the consolidated financial statements
               continued


               20. Financial instruments (continued)
               20.3 Fair value of financial instruments




For personal use only
               Critical accounting estimates and assumptions
               The Group measures fair value of financial instruments at each reporting date. Fair value is the price that would be received
               to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
               date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability
               takes place either:
               > In the principal market for the asset or liability, or
               > In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability
               The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available
               to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.
               All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised within
               the fair value hierarchy, described as follows
               > Level 1 – Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
               > Level 2 – Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement
                 is directly or indirectly observable; and
               > Level 3 – Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement
                 is unobservable

               Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value
               on a recurring basis

               Financial                        Fair value        Fair value                                                 Relationship of
               assets/                          as at             as at                                         Significant  unobservable
               financial             Fair value 30 June 2017      30 June 2016    Valuation techniques          unobservable inputs to fair
               liabilities           hierarchy $’000              $’000           and key inputs                inputs       value
               Foreign               Level 2       Assets: 484    Assets: 1,014   Discounted cash flow.         N/A           N/A
               currency                                                           Future cash flows are
                                                   Liabilities:   Liabilities:
               forward and                                                        estimated based on
                                                   3,070          4,264
               options                                                            forward exchange rates
               contracts                                                          (from observable forward
                                                                                  exchange rates at the end
                                                                                  of the reporting period)
                                                                                  and contract forward
                                                                                  rates, discounted at a rate
                                                                                  that reflects the credit risk
                                                                                  of various counterparties.
               Contingent            Level 3       12,012         2,356           Discounted cash flow          WACC          A slight
               consideration                                                      method was used to                          decrease or
                                                                                                                Probability
               in business                                                        capture the present value                   increase in the
                                                                                                                of meeting
               combinations                                                       of the expected future                      discount rate
                                                                                                                contingent
                                                                                  economic benefits that                      used and/or
                                                                                                                consideration
                                                                                  will flow out of the Group                  KPIs probability
                                                                                                                KPIs
                                                                                  arising from the contingent                 in isolation
                                                                                  consideration.                              would not result
                                                                                                                              in a significant
                                                                                                                              change in the
                                                                                                                              fair value.




     84        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               20. Financial instruments (continued)
               20.3 Fair value of financial instruments (continued)




For personal use only
               Critical accounting estimates and assumptions (continued)
               Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value on a recurring
               basis (but fair value disclosures are required)
               The Directors consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recognised in the consolidated
               financial statements approximate their fair values as detailed in Note 20.1.

               Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

               Contingent consideration                                                                                                $’000
               As at 1 July 2016                                                                                                        2,356
               Settlement                                                                                                              (2,356)
               Liabilities arising on business combination (Note 26)                                                                    11,313
               Effect of foreign exchange rates and unwinding of discount                                                                699
               As at 30 June 2017                                                                                                       12,012

               20.4 Capital management
               The Group’s objective is to maintain an optimal capital structure for the business which ensures sufficient liquidity, provide
               returns for shareholders, benefits for other stakeholders and to minimise the cost of capital.
               As at 30 June 2017, IDP Education has following facilities:

               Great British Pound £36,000,000     Facility A: Acquisition funding 3-year unsecured Cash Advance loan facility for
                                                   acquisition of Hotcourses Ltd
               Australian Dollar $10,000,000       Facility B: Multi-option loan facility 12-month unsecured to support both general
                                                   corporate purposes and working capital requirements of the Group

               The loan facilities are held with the National Australia Bank. The Company has complied with all bank lending
               requirements during the year and at the date of this report.
               IDP’s capital management is characterised by:
               > Ongoing cash flow forecast analysis, detailed budgeting processes and consistent cash repatriation of surplus available
                 cash from its overseas operations to ensure net cost of funds is minimised;
               > The Group may adjust the level of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares
                 in order to maintain or adjust the capital structure;
               > Maintain gearing to a level that does not limit IDP Education growth opportunities; and
               > Monitor the gearing ratio of the Group.
               As at 30 June 2017, the gearing ratio was 0.73. The ratio is calculated as Total Debt to EBITDA as defined by the
               loan covenants.




                                                                                                                                                 85
               Notes to the consolidated financial statements
               continued



               Other notes




For personal use only
               21. Share-based payments
               Critical accounting estimates and assumptions
               Estimating fair value for share-based payment transactions requires determination of the most appropriate valuation
               model, which depends on the terms and conditions of the grant. This estimate also requires determination of the most
               appropriate inputs to the valuation model including the expected life of the share option or performance right, volatility
               and dividend yield and making assumptions about them. The assumptions and models used for estimating fair value for
               share-based payment transactions are disclosed in the Note 21.3 below.

               Accounting policy
               Share-based compensation benefits are provided to key management personnel (KMP) and certain employees via long-term
               incentive (LTI) performance rights and options plans.
               The fair value of equity-settled rights and options granted under the plans is recognised as an employee benefit expense
               over the period during which the employees become unconditionally entitled to the rights and options with a corresponding
               increase in equity. The total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the rights and options
               granted, which includes any market performance conditions and the impact of any non-vesting conditions but excludes
               the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions. Non-market vesting conditions are included in
               assumptions about the number of options that are expected to vest which are revised at the end of each reporting period.
               The impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, with
               a corresponding adjustment to equity.
               The fair value is measured at grant date and the expense recognised over the life of the plan. The fair value of performance
               rights and options is independently determined using Monte Carlo Simulation or similar pricing model that takes into
               account the exercise price, the term of the plan, the impact of dilution, the share price at grant date and expected price
               volatility of the underlying share, the expected dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate for the term of the option. The
               expected price volatility is based on the historic volatility (based on the remaining life of the options), adjusted for any
               expected changes to future volatility due to publicly available information.




     86        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               21. Share-based payments (continued)
               21.1 Performance rights and option plans




For personal use only
               The LTI plan is designed to align executives’ interest with those of shareholders by incentivising participants to deliver
               long term shareholders returns. Under the plan, participants are granted performance rights that have vesting hurdles.
               The vesting hurdles must be satisfied at the end of the performance period for the rights to vest.
               Details of the current performance rights and options plans are summarised in the table below.

                                                                     No. of
                                                              performance                               Grant
               Performance rights /                                 rights/              Grant        date fair         Exercise       Vesting                                   Vesting
               options awards                                      options                date           value             price       conditions                                  date
               The Prospectus performance                             255,972        21-Feb-14               1.40              N/A     Actual earnings and                     21-Aug-17 1
               rights award                                                                                                            service condition
               2014 LTI performance rights                           440,232         21-Feb-14               1.40              N/A     EPS target CAGR                         31-Aug-17
               award – part 1
               2014 LTI performance rights                            130,725       30-Jan-15                1.40              N/A     EPS target CAGR                         31-Aug-17
               award – part 2
               The FY16 performance right                             369,267       19-Oct-15                1.68              N/A     Net profit after tax                    31-Aug-18
               award – tranche 1
               The FY16 performance right                             369,267       19-Oct-15                1.68              N/A     Net profit after tax                    31-Aug-18
               award – tranche 2                                                                                                       CAGR
               The FY16 performance right                              369,101      19-Oct-15                0.95              N/A     Total shareholder                       31-Aug-18
               award – tranche 3                                                                                                       return CAGR
               CEO incentive award                                  1,383,361        17-Aug-15               0.60              1.44    Net profit after tax                    31-Aug-18
               – tranche 1                                                                                                             CAGR
               CEO incentive award                                  1,383,361        17-Aug-15               0.60              1.44    Net profit after tax                    31-Aug-18
               – tranche 2                                                                                                             CAGR
               CEO incentive award                                  1,383,278        17-Aug-15                0.51             1.44    Total shareholder                       31-Aug-18
               – tranche 3                                                                                                             return CAGR
               FY17 LTI award – tranche 1                             196,227       14-Sep-16                3.83              N/A     EPS target CAGR                         31-Aug-19
               FY17 LTI award – tranche 2                             196,223       14-Sep-16                2.56              N/A     Total shareholder                       31-Aug-19
                                                                                                                                       return CAGR
               FY17 IDP plan award                                    237,865       14-Sep-16                3.83              N/A     EPS target CAGR                         31-Aug-19
               FY17 special incentive award                            48,544       14-Sep-16                4.02              N/A     Special KPIs                            31-Dec-171
               – tranche 1
               FY17 special incentive award                            48,543       14-Sep-16                3.93              N/A     Special KPIs                            30-Sep-18
               – tranche 2
               Deferred STI grant                                       14,491      14-Sep-16                4.06              N/A     Service period                          31-Aug-17
               Hotcourses earn out                                   230,499         31-Jan-17               3.85              N/A     Earn out per SPA and                    31-Jan-19
               performance rights                                                                                                      business integration
                                                                                                                                       success
               1. An additional service vesting condition requires that the participant maintains continuous employment with the Company for 12 months from the Vesting Date




                                                                                                                                                                                             87
               Notes to the consolidated financial statements
               continued


               21. Share-based payments (continued)
               21.2 Movements during the year




For personal use only
               The table below summarises the movement in the number of performance rights/options in these plans during the year:

                                                                                                                   Number of options or rights
                                                                        Vesting                                  Granted        Vested       Forfeited
                                                         Grant           period          Exercise   Opening     during the   during the     during the     Closing
               2017                                       date          (years)             price   balance          year         year           year     balance
               Options plan
               CEO incentive award
               options1                             17-Aug-15                 3.0           $1.44   4,150,000           –              –            –    4,150,000
               Total Options                                                                        4,150,000            –             –             –   4,150,000
               Performance
               right plans
               IPO award                            21-Feb-14                2.75          $0.00      467,124           –      (467,124)            –            –
               The Prospectus
               performance award                    21-Feb-14                 4.5          $0.00     285,852            –      (29,880)             –     255,972
               2013 LTI                             21-Feb-14                 2.5          $0.00     499,992            –     (499,992)             –            –
               2013 LTI                            30-Jan-15                   1.6         $0.00       75,115           –        (75,115)           –            –
               2014 LTI                             21-Feb-14                 3.5          $0.00     499,992             –      (59,760)             –    440,232
               2014 LTI                            30-Jan-15                  2.6          $0.00      130,725            –             –             –     130,725
               FY16 performance
               rights award                         19-Oct-15                 3.0          $0.00    1,195,449            –      (87,814)             –    1,107,635
               FY17 LTI                             14-Sep-16                 3.0          $0.00            –      421,212      (28,762)             –    392,450
               FY17 IDP plan award                  14-Sep-16                 3.0          $0.00            –     237,865              –             –    237,865
               FY17 special
               incentive award                      14-Sep-16                  1.6         $0.00            –      97,087              –             –      97,087
               Deferred STI                         14-Sep-16                  1.0         $0.00            –       14,491             –             –       14,491
               Hotcourses earn out                  31-Jan-17                 2.0          $0.00            –     230,499              –             –    230,499
               Total Performance
               Rights                                                                               3,154,249    1,001,154    1,248,447              –   2,906,956
               Total All Plans                                                                      7,304,249    1,001,154    1,248,447              –   7,056,956
               Weighted average
               exercise price                                                                           0.82             –             –             –        0.85
               1. The expiry date of the CEO incentive award options is 17 August 2020




     88        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               21. Share-based payments (continued)
               21.2 Movements during the year  (continued)




For personal use only
                                                                                                                   Number of options or rights
                                                                        Vesting                                  Granted       Exercised    Forfeited
                                                         Grant           period          Exercise   Opening     during the    during the   during the      Closing
               2016                                       date          (years)             price   balance          year           year        year      balance
               Options plan
               CEO incentive award
               options1                             17-Aug-15                 3.0           $1.44           –   4,150,000             –             –    4,150,000
               Total Options                                                                                –   4,150,000              –            –    4,150,000
               Performance
               right plans
               IPO award                            21-Feb-14                2.75          $0.00     592,205             –            –      (125,081)     467,124
               The Prospectus
               performance award                    21-Feb-14                 4.5          $0.00      410,933            –            –      (125,081)    285,852
               2013 LTI                             21-Feb-14                 2.5          $0.00      750,154            –             –     (250,162)    499,992
               2013 LTI                            30-Jan-15                   1.6         $0.00       75,115            –             –            –       75,115
               2014 LTI                             21-Feb-14                 3.5          $0.00      750,154            –             –     (250,162)    499,992
               2014 LTI                            30-Jan-15                  2.6          $0.00      130,725            –             –            –      130,725
               FY16 performance
               rights award                         19-Oct-15                 3.0          $0.00            –    1,195,449             –            –    1,195,449
               Total Performance
               Rights                                                                               2,709,286    1,195,449             –    (750,486)    3,154,249
               Total All Plans                                                                      2,709,286   5,345,449              –    (750,486)    7,304,249
               Weighted average
               exercise price                                                                               –          1.12            –            –        0.82
               1. The expiry date of the CEO incentive award options is 17 August 2020

               There are no performance rights/options vested and exercisable as at 30 June 2017 or 30 June 2016.

               21.3 Fair value and pricing model
               The fair value of performance rights and options granted under the Plan is estimated at the date of grant using a Monte
               Carlo Simulation Model taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the performance rights/options were
               granted. The model simulates the total shareholders return of the Company to the vesting date using the Monte Carlo
               Simulation technique. The simulation repeated numerous times produce a distribution of payoff amounts. The performance
               rights fair value is taken as the average payoff amount calculated, discounted back to the valuation date.
               In valuing the performance rights and options, a number of assumptions were used as shown in the table below:

                                                                                                                              31 January 2017 14 September 2016
                                                                                                                                 Performance       Performance
                                                                                                                                       Rights            Rights
               Exercise price                                                                                                                –                   –
               Share value at grant date                                                                                               $4.08                 $4.19
               Expected volatility                                                                                                         35%               35%
               Expected dividend yield                                                                                                 2.87%                  3%
               Risk free interest rate                                                                                                 1.87%        1.66% – 2.17%

               The expected volatility is a measure of the amount by which the price is expected to fluctuate during a period. As the
               Company’s shares were not traded prior to listing on the ASX on 26 November 2015, the expected volatility was based
               on two comparator stocks using daily return data over 3 years and all available data for IEL.

                                                                                                                                                                     89
               Notes to the consolidated financial statements
               continued


               21. Share-based payments (continued)
               21.4 Total share-based payment expenses for the year




For personal use only
               The following expenses were recognised in employees benefit expenses during the year relating to share-based payments
               described above:

                                                                                                                    2017              2016
                                                                                                                   $’000             $’000
               LTI performance rights/options plans                                                                2,765             2,087
                                                                                                                   2,765             2,087


               22. Related party transactions
               Note 24 provide the information about the Group’s structure including the details of the subsidiaries.

               22.1 Transactions with Key management personnel

                                                                                                            30 June 2017      30 June 2016
                                                                                                                       $                 $
               Short-term employee benefits                                                                    3,269,670          2,784,214
               Post-employment benefits                                                                           159,012           145,719
               Other long-term benefits                                                                           44,983            20,821
               Share-based payments                                                                            1,649,348          1,201,223
               Total compensation paid to key management personnel                                              5,123,013         4,151,977

               Refer to the Remuneration Report, which forms part of the Directors’ Report for further details regarding KMP’s remuneration.


               23. Remuneration of auditors
               The auditor of IDP Education Limited is Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (Australia). During the year, the following fees were paid
               or payable for services provided by the auditors of the Group or its related practices.

                                                                                                            30 June 2017     30 June 2016
                                                                                                                       $                $
               Group Auditor, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (Australia)
               Audit and review of financial statements                                                         450,000            458,166
               Other consultancy service                                                                         69,873           235,000
               Other assurance service                                                                                  –           10,000


               Member firms of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu in relation to subsidiaries
               Audit and review of financial statements                                                          347,188           291,376
               Taxation advisory services                                                                         18,515           66,562
               Other advisory services                                                                            23,919            18,904
                                                                                                                909,495          1,080,008




     90        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               24. Subsidiaries
               Details of the Group’s subsidiaries at the end of the reporting period are as follows:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                  Place of                            Proportion of
                                                                                                                                  incorporation                       voting power
               Name of subsidiary                                           Principal activity                                    and operation                  held by the Group
                                                                                                                                                                  2017             2016
               IELTS Australia Pty Limited                                  Examinations                                          Australia                     100%              100%
               IDP World Pty Ltd                                            Holding company                                       Australia                     100%              100%
               IDP Education Pty (Korea)                                    Student Placements & Examinations                     Korea                         100%              100%
               IDP Education Services Co. Ltd1                              Student Placements & Examinations                     Thailand                      100%              100%
               IDP Education Australia (Thailand)                           English Language Teaching                             Thailand                      100%              100%
               Co. Ltd1
               IDP Education (Vietnam) Ltd Company                          Student Placements & Examinations                     Vietnam                       100%              100%
               Yayasan Pendidikan Australia2                                Student Placements & Examinations                     Indonesia                     100%              100%
               IDP Consulting (Hong Kong) Co. Ltd                           Holding company                                       Hong Kong                     100%              100%
               IDP Education India Pvt Ltd                                  Student Placements & Examinations                     India                         100%              100%
               IDP Education Cambodia Ltd                                   Student Placements, Examinations &                    Cambodia                      100%              100%
                                                                            English Language Teaching
               IDP Education LLC                                            Client Relations                                      United States                 100%              100%
                                                                                                                                  of America
               IDP Education UK Limited                                     Client Relations                                      United                        100%              100%
                                                                                                                                  Kingdom
               IDP Education (Canada) Ltd                                   Client Relations & Examinations                       Canada                        100%              100%
               IDP Education (Bangladesh) Pvt Ltd                           Student Placements & Examinations                     Bangladesh                    100%              100%
               IDP Education (Egypt) LLC                                    Student Placements & Examinations                     Egypt                         100%              100%
               IDP Education Consulting (Beijing) Co., Ltd Student Placements                                                     China                         100%              100%
               IDP Business Consulting (Shanghai)                           Student Placements                                    China                          100%             100%
               Co., Ltd
               Beijing Promising Education Limited                          Student Placements                                    China                          100%             100%
               IDP Education Services New Zealand                           Student Placements & Examinations                     New Zealand                    100%             100%
               Limited
               IDP Education Turkey LLC                                     Student Placements & Examinations                     Turkey                         100%             100%
               IDP Education Lanka (Private) Limited                        Student Placements & Examinations                     Sri Lanka                      100%             100%
               IDP Education Pakistan (Private) Limited                     Examinations                                          Pakistan                       100%             100%
               IDP Education Nepal Private Limited                          Examinations                                          Nepal                          100%             100%
               Hotcourses Limited3                                          Digital marketing and online student                  United                        100%                       –
                                                                            recruitment                                           Kingdom
               The Complete University Guide Limited3                       Digital marketing                                     United                        100%                       –
                                                                                                                                  Kingdom
               Hotcourses Data Limited3                                     Digital marketing                                     United                        100%                       –
                                                                                                                                  Kingdom
               Hotcourses Inc 3                                             Client Relations                                      United States                 100%                       –
                                                                                                                                  of America
               Hotcourses Pty Limited3                                      Client Relations                                      Australia                     100%                       –
               Hotcourses India Private Limited3                            Online services                                       India                         100%                       –
               1. IDP Education Limited owns 100% ordinary Class A shares, which represents 49% of total shares of IDP Education Australia (Thailand) Co. Ltd and IDP Education Services
                  Co. Ltd. According to the company constitution, ordinary Class A shares holds 100% voting right of the company. Based on these facts and circumstances, management
                  determined that, in substance, the Group controls these entities with no non-controlling interest

               2. Foundation controlled through IDP Education Limited’s capacity to control management of the company

               3. IDP Education Limited acquired Hotcourses on 31 January 2017. Refer to Note 26



                                                                                                                                                                                               91
               Notes to the consolidated financial statements
               continued


               25. Deed of Cross Guarantee
               The following wholly-owned entities have entered into a Deed of Cross Guarantee.
                                                                                                                                                          Financial year entered




For personal use only
               Company                                                                                                                                           into agreement
               IDP Education Limited                                                                                                                                    30 June 2017
               IELTS Australia Pty Limited*                                                                                                                             30 June 2017
               IDP World Pty Ltd*                                                                                                                                       30 June 2017
               * These entities are not required to prepare and lodge a financial report and directors’ report under ASIC Corporations (Wholly owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785 issued
               by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission

               The companies that are members of this deed guarantee the debts of the others and represent the “Closed Group” from
               the date of entering into the agreement. These are the only members of the Deed of Cross Guarantee and therefore these
               companies also represent the ‘Extended Closed Group’.

               25.1 Statement of profit or loss, other comprehensive income and a summary of
                     movements in consolidated retained profits of the Closed Group for Deed of
                     Cross Guarantee purposes
                                                                                                                                                                        30 June 2017
               Statement of comprehensive income                                                                                                                              $’000
               Revenue                                                                                                                                                         240,630
               Dividend income                                                                                                                                                    7,240
               Expenses                                                                                                                                                        (187,755)
               Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                                                                      (2,743)
               Finance income                                                                                                                                                        187
               Finance costs                                                                                                                                                       (1,014)
               Profit for the year before income tax expense                                                                                                                    56,545
               Income tax expense                                                                                                                                               (16,427)
               Profit for the year of the Closed Group                                                                                                                            40,118
               Other comprehensive income
               Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
               Net investment hedge of foreign operations                                                                                                                           (983)
               Exchange differences arising on translating the foreign operations                                                                                                   (100)
               Gain/loss arising on changes in fair value of hedging instruments
               entered into for cash flow hedges
                  Forward foreign exchange contracts                                                                                                                                    6
               Cumulative gain/loss arising on changes in fair value of hedging instruments
               reclassified to profit or loss                                                                                                                                     2,353
               Income tax related to gains/losses recognised in other comprehensive income                                                                                           (413)
               Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:                                                                                                      –
               Other comprehensive income for the year, net of income tax                                                                                                           863
               Total comprehensive income for the year of the Closed Group                                                                                                       40,981

                                                                                                                                                                        30 June 2017
               Summary of movements in consolidated retained profits                                                                                                          $’000
               Retained profits at 1 July                                                                                                                                        41,499
               Profit for the year                                                                                                                                                40,118
               Dividends paid                                                                                                                                                   (31,287)
               Retained profits at 30 June of the Closed Group                                                                                                                  50,330

     92        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               25 Deed of Cross Guarantee (continued)
               25.2 Consolidated statement of financial position of the Closed Group for Deed of
                     Cross Guarantee purposes




For personal use only
                                                                                             30 June 2017
                                                                                                   $’000
               CURRENT ASSETS
               Cash and cash equivalents                                                             27,318
               Trade and other receivables                                                           34,512
               Derivative financial instruments                                                        484
               Current tax assets                                                                       474
               Other current assets                                                                   3,671
               Total current assets                                                                 66,459
               NON-CURRENT ASSETS
               Investments in subsidiaries                                                           63,177
               Property, plant and equipment                                                         5,009
               Intangible assets                                                                     52,739
               Capitalised development costs                                                          9,901
               Deferred tax assets                                                                    3,517
               Other non-current assets                                                                204
               Total non-current assets                                                             134,547
               TOTAL ASSETS                                                                         201,006
               CURRENT LIABILITIES
               Trade and other payables                                                              57,344
               Deferred revenue                                                                      6,843
               Provisions                                                                            4,946
               Current tax liabilities                                                                  412
               Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                            12,012
               Derivative financial instruments                                                       3,070
               Total current liabilities                                                            84,627
               NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
               Trade and other payables                                                                 124
               Borrowings                                                                            39,108
               Provisions                                                                             2,936
               Total non-current liabilities                                                         42,168
               TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                                    126,795
               NET ASSETS                                                                             74,211
               EQUITY
               Issued capital                                                                        19,426
               Reserves                                                                              4,455
               Retained earnings                                                                    50,330
               TOTAL EQUITY                                                                           74,211



                                                                                                               93
               Notes to the consolidated financial statements
               continued


               25 Deed of Cross Guarantee (continued)
               25.2 Consolidated statement of financial position of the Closed Group for Deed of
                     Cross Guarantee purposes (continued)




For personal use only
               As at 30 June 2017, the Closed Group is in a net current liability position of $18.168m mainly due to the recognition of $12.012m
               contingent consideration payable from the acquisition of Hotcourses Limited.
               The Directors are of the opinion that the Closed Group is a going concern based on the following factors:
               > available unutilised finance facilities of £12.6m which have a maturity to 18 January 2020 and an $10m unutilised facility
                 which has a maturity to 18 January 2018;
               > The strong performance of the Closed Group including net profit after tax $40.118m and strong cash inflow from
                 operating activities; and
               > The Closed Group’s net asset position of $74.211m.


               26. Business Combination
               On 31 January 2017, IDP Education Limited acquired 100% of the shares in Hotcourses Limited (“Hotcourses”), a digital
               marketing and online student recruitment company in the UK. Hotcourses owns and operates a portfolio of education search
               websites that help students make the right study choices and connect with universities and colleges around the world.
               IDP Education Limited acquired Hotcourses for a total acquisition price of $57.361m. Consideration for the transaction consisted
               of a $46.048m cash payment at the settlement date and an additional contingent payment of $11.313m payable in 12 months
               subject to a number of performance conditions. As a result, the Group consolidates Hotcourses from 31 January 2017.
               Hotcourses contributed consolidated revenue of $7.136m and contributed a net profit after tax of $0.584m during the year
               since acquisition. If the acquisition had taken place at the beginning of the year the contribution to consolidated revenue
               would have been $19.345m and the contribution to net profit would have been $4.052m.
               Details of the consideration paid and estimates of the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired for the entities above are
               as follows:

                                                                                                                                        $’000
               Cash consideration paid                                                                                                 46,048
               Contingent consideration payable                                                                                          11,313
               Total purchase consideration                                                                                             57,361
               Less: fair value of net identifiable assets acquired                                                                     (33,513)
               Goodwill on acquisition                                                                                                 23,848
               The cash outflow on acquisition is as follows:
               Cash consideration paid                                                                                                 46,048
               Cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                                                               (10,471)
               Net cash outflow                                                                                                         35,577




     94        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               26. Business Combination (continued)
               The assets and liabilities arising from the acquisition at acquisition date are as follows:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                  Fair value
                                                                                                                                       $’000
               Assets
               Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                               10,471
               Receivables and other current assets                                                                                      6,631
               Total current assets                                                                                                    17,102
               Property, plant and equipment                                                                                              434
               Intangible assets                                                                                                      32,752
               Total non-current assets                                                                                               33,186
               Total assets                                                                                                           50,288
               Liabilities
               Current tax liabilities                                                                                                      73
               Deferred revenue and accruals                                                                                           8,923
               Payables and other current liabilities                                                                                  1,550
               Total current liabilities                                                                                              10,546
               Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                6,229
               Total non-current liabilities                                                                                           6,229
               Total liabilities                                                                                                      16,775
               Net identifiable assets acquired                                                                                        33,513

               As part of the acquisition accounting of Hotcourses, contingent consideration with an estimated fair value of $11.313m was
               recognised at the acquisition date. The contingent consideration is classified as a financial liability at fair value through
               profit and loss.
               Information about the valuation techniques and inputs used in determining the fair value of various assets and liabilities
               are disclosed in Note 20.3.
               Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is measured as the
               aggregate of the consideration transferred on the acquisition date at fair value. Acquisition-related costs are expensed
               as incurred and included in administrative expenses.
               When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate classification
               and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the
               acquisition date.
               Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred and the amount
               recognised for non-controlling interests, and any previous interest held, over the net identifiable assets acquired and
               liabilities assumed.
               After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. For the purpose of
               impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the
               Group’s cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the combination, irrespective of whether other assets
               or liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those units.




                                                                                                                                                 95
               Notes to the consolidated financial statements
               continued


               27. Parent entity information
               IDP Education Limited is the parent of the Group. The financial information presented below represents that of the parent
               and is not comparable to the consolidated results.




For personal use only
               Financial information

                                                                                                              30 June 2017         30 June 2016
               Financial position                                                                                   $’000                $’000
               Current assets                                                                                          49,263           45,855
               Total assets                                                                                            180,522          114,593
               Current liabilities                                                                                     132,865          74,300
               Total liabilities                                                                                       175,032          76,887
               Equity
               Issued capital                                                                                           19,426          25,050
               Retained earnings                                                                                        (19,119)         9,589
               Reserves                                                                                                  5,183           3,067
               Total equity                                                                                             5,490            37,706

               The parent entity is in a net current liability position of $83.602m mainly due to $109.6m intercompany payables to the
               subsidiaries within the Group. The Directors are of the opinion that the parent entity is a going concern based on the factors
               below:
               > The parent entity has full discretion on the timing of settling intercompany balances; and
               > The parent entity is a member of the deed of cross guarantee Closed Group as disclosed in Note 25, in which members of
                 this deed guarantee the debts of the others.

                                                                                                              30 June 2017         30 June 2016
               Financial performance                                                                                $’000                $’000
               Profit for the year                                                                                      2,579            21,419
               Other comprehensive income                                                                                2,116             (323)
               Total comprehensive income                                                                               4,695            21,096


               28. Contingent liabilities
               The Directors are not aware of any significant contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2017 (2016: nil).


               29. Events after the reporting period
               On 4 July 2017, IDP Education completed the investment of a 20% equity interest in HCP Limited, a Chinese company
               specialising in delivering English language test preparation materials via social media and its mobile app.
               The investment provides IDP Education with a significant opportunity to further develop its student placement business in
               China by securing access to a growing digital community of prospective international students.
               It also provides IDP Education with exposure to the large IELTS test preparation market in China. In 2016, HCP provided more
               than 30,000 online courses to students to help improve their speaking, reading, writing and listening and has plans to
               expand its offering in English language teaching and test preparation.
               The investment will be made in two tranches with an upfront payment of $4.1m completed on the 4 July followed by up to a
               further $2.3m in twelve months based on certain key performance indicators.
               Except for the event above and the dividends declared as detailed in the Note 6, there were no other significant events since
               the balance sheet date.




     96        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
               Directors’ declaration

               In the Directors’ opinion:
               (a) the consolidated financial statements and notes of IDP Education Limited and its controlled entities (the Group) set out
                   on pages 52 to 96 are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:




For personal use only
                    (i) complying with Accounting Standards, the Corporations Regulations 2001, and other mandatory professional
                        reporting requirements; and
                    (ii) giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2017 and of its performance, as represented
                         by the results of its operations, changes in equity and its cash flows, for the year ended on that date; and
               (b) there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due
                   and payable.
               (c) at the date of this declaration, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the members of the Extended Closed Group
                   identified in note 25 will be able to meet any obligations or liabilities to which they are, or may become, subject by virtue
                   of the Deed of Cross Guarantee described in note 25.
               Note 1 confirms that the financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the
               International Accounting Standards Board.
               The Directors have been given the declarations by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by section
               295A of the Corporations Act 2001.
               The declaration is made in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




               Peter Polson                                              Andrew Barkla
               Chairman                                                  Managing Director
               Melbourne
               21 August 2017




                                                                                                                                                   97
               Independent auditor’s report




For personal use only
                                                                                                                        Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                                                                        A.B.N. 74 490 121 060

                                                                                                                        550 Bourke Street
                                                                                                                        Melbourne VIC 3000
                                                                                                                        GPO Box 78
                                                                                                                        Melbourne VIC 3001 Australia

                                                                                                                        DX 111
                                                                                                                        Tel: +61 (0) 3 9671 7000
                                                                                                                        Fax: +61 (0) 3 9671 7001
                                                                                                                        www.deloitte.com.au




                                                                       Independent Auditor’s Report to
                                                                    the Members of IDP Education Limited
                                     Report on the Audit of the Financial Report

                                     Opinion

                                     We have audited the financial report of IDP Education Limited and its subsidiaries (the “Group”)
                                     which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2017, the
                                     consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the
                                     consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the
                                     year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant
                                     accounting policies and other explanatory information, and the directors’ declaration as set out on
                                     pages 52 to 97.

                                     In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations
                                     Act 2001, including:

                                     (i)        giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2017 and of its
                                                financial performance for the year then ended; and

                                     (ii)       complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                                     Basis for Opinion

                                     We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
                                     those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial
                                     Report section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor
                                     independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the
                                     Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
                                     Accountants (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have
                                     also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

                                     We confirm that the independence declaration required by the Corporations Act 2001, which has
                                     been given to the Directors of the Group would be in the same terms if given to the Directors as at
                                     the time of this auditor’s report.

                                     We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
                                     for our opinion.

                                     Key Audit Matters

                                     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance
                                     in our audit of the financial report for the current period. These matters were addressed in the
                                     context of our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we
                                     do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




                                     Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.

                                     Member of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited




     98        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
For personal use only
                                             Key Audit Matter                                   How the scope of our audit responded to the
                                                                                                            Key Audit Matter
                         Acquisition of Hotcourses Limited
                                                                                               With respect to the accounting for the Hotcourses
                                                                                               acquisition,   we    performed    the    following
                         As disclosed in note 26 to the financial
                                                                                               procedures, in conjunction with our valuation
                         report, on 31 January 2017 IDP acquired
                                                                                               specialists:
                         Hotcourses Ltd for an initial cash purchase
                         price of $46.1 million and deferred                                   Determination of purchase price:
                         consideration of up to $11.3 million.                                       reviewed the purchase contract to
                                                                                                      understand      the    contractual   terms
                         The audit of the purchase price accounting is                                concerning assets acquired, liabilities
                         a key audit matter due to the extent of                                      assumed and the purchase price
                         judgement and complexity involved in the                                    reviewed actual year-to-date performance
                         purchase      price     allocation,   including                              of the Hotcourses business since the date
                         determining the fair values of the acquired                                  of acquisition, in order to evaluate the
                         assets and liabilities, as well as determining                               total value of the deferred consideration
                         the fair value of the deferred consideration.

                                                                                               Determination of fair value of assets and liabilities:
                                                                                                     reviewed a copy of the external valuation
                                                                                                      report and critically challenged the
                                                                                                      underlying assumptions used to determine
                                                                                                      the fair values of the assets acquired and
                                                                                                      liabilities assumed as part of the
                                                                                                      acquisition
                                                                                                     considered the objectivity and competence
                                                                                                      of the external valuation specialist used by
                                                                                                      management
                                                                                                     evaluated and challenged management’s
                                                                                                      methodology for the identification of, and
                                                                                                      the determination of fair values of the
                                                                                                      assets acquired and liabilities assumed,
                                                                                                      including any fair value adjustments. As
                                                                                                      part of this we considered the valuation
                                                                                                      method      used,     underlying     forecast
                                                                                                      cashflow,      comparable       transactions,
                                                                                                      discount rates and tax rates.

                                                                                               We have also assessed the appropriateness of the
                                                                                               disclosures included in Note 26 of the financial
                                                                                               report.


                        Other Information

                        The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
                        information included in the Group’s annual report for the year ended 30 June 2017, but does not
                        include the financial report and our auditor’s report thereon.

                        Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and we do not express any
                        form of assurance conclusion thereon.

                        In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information
                        and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial
                        report or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
                        based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
                        other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                        Member of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited




                                                                                                                                                        99
               Independent auditor’s report
               continued




For personal use only
                                     Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report

                                     The Directors of the Group are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a
                                     true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001
                                     and for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
                                     the financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether
                                     due to fraud or error.

                                     In preparing the financial report, the Directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group
                                     to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
                                     the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to
                                     cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

                                     Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report

                                     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is
                                     free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
                                     includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that
                                     an audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material
                                     misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
                                     material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
                                     economic decisions of users taken on the basis of this financial report.

                                     As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional
                                     judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

                                               Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due
                                                to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain
                                                audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk
                                                of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting
                                                from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
                                                misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

                                               Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
                                                procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing
                                                an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

                                               Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of
                                                accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the Directors.

                                               Conclude on the appropriateness of the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of
                                                accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists
                                                related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to
                                                continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are
                                                required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial
                                                report or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are
                                                based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
                                                events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

                                               Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the
                                                disclosures, and whether the financial report represents the underlying transactions and
                                                events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

                                     We communicate with the Directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
                                     of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control
                                     that we identify during our audit.

                                     We also provide the Directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
                                     requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
                                     matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related
                                     safeguards.



                                     Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.

                                     Member of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited




    100        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
For personal use only
                        From the matters communicated with the Directors, we determine those matters that were of most
                        significance in the audit of the financial report of the current period and are therefore the key audit
                        matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
                        disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter
                        should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
                        reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

                        Report on the Remuneration Report

                        Opinion on the Remuneration Report

                        We have audited the Remuneration Report of IDP Education Limited included in pages 33 to 50 of
                        the Director’s report for the year ended 30 June 2017.

                        In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of IDP Education Limited, for the year ended 30 June 2017,
                        complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.

                        Responsibilities

                        The Directors of the Group are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the Remuneration
                        Report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express
                        an opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian
                        Auditing Standards.




                        DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU




                        Chris Biermann
                        Partner
                        Chartered Accountants
                        Melbourne, 21 August 2017




                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.

                        Member of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited




                                                                                                                                  101
               Shareholder Information
               The shareholder information set out below was applicable as at 30 August 2017.


               The shareholder information set out below was applicable as at 30 August 2017.


               A. Distribution of Shareholders




For personal use only
               Analysis of numbers of ordinary shareholders by size of holding.

                                                                                       % of issued
               Range                                                     Shares           Capital          No. of holders            %
               100,001 and Over                                     245,723,470               98.17                   29           3.97
               10,001 to 100,000                                       3,134,697                1.25                  118         16.14
               5,001 to 10,000                                          684,439                0.27                   89          12.18
               1,001 to 5,000                                           657,627                0.26                  242           33.11
               1 to 1,000                                                94,735                0.04                  253          34.61
               Total                                                250,294,968              100.00                   731       100.00

               There were 63 holders of less than a marketable parcel of ordinary shares


               B. Twenty Largest Quoted Equity Security Holders
               The names of the twenty largest registered holders of quoted securities are listed below:

                                                                                                                            % of Issued
               Rank Name                                                                                   Number Held         Capital
               1        Education Australia Limited                                                          125,397,484          50.10
               2        HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                             41,096,889          16.42
               3        J P Morgan Nominees (Australia) Limited                                               28,983,772          11.58
               4        National Nominees Limited                                                              19,668,715          7.86
               5        Citicorp Nominees Pty Ltd                                                              14,231,255         5.69
               6        BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd                                                           5,900,152           2.36
               7        AMP Life Limited                                                                        1,492,195         0.60
               8        Diversified United Investment Limited                                                  1,420,000           0.57
               9        Pacific Custodians Pty Limited                                                          1,198,497         0.48
               10       Australian United Investment Company Limited                                            1,150,000         0.46
               11       Australian Foundation Investment Company Limited                                         879,717          0.35
               12       UBS Nominees Pty Ltd                                                                      815,851          0.33
               13       Bond Street Custodians Ltd                                                               725,476          0.29
               14       Brisport Nominees                                                                        543,701           0.22
               15       Warbont Nominees Pty Ltd                                                                  327,116          0.13
               16       Mirrabooka Investments Limited                                                           326,258           0.13
               17       Citicorp Nominees Pty Ltd                                                                316,382           0.13
               18       Invia Custodian Pty Limited                                                              248,472           0.10
               19       HMS Nominees Ltd                                                                         180,500           0.07
               20       Navigator Australia Limited                                                              175,243           0.07
               Total                                                                                         245,077,675          97.92
               Balance of Register                                                                              5,217,293         2.08
               Grand Total                                                                                  250,294,968         100.00



    102        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
                        this page has been left intentionally blank




For personal use only



                                                                      103
               Corporate Directory

               Directors                                       Principal registered office
               Peter L Polson                                  in Australia
               Chairman




For personal use only
                                                               Level 8
               Andrew Barkla                                   535 Bourke Street
               Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer   MELBOURNE VIC 3000
                                                               AUSTRALIA
               Ariane Barker                                   Ph: +61 3 9612 4400
               Professor David Battersby AM
               Chris Leptos AM                                 Share Registry
               Belinda Robinson                                Link Market Service Limited

               Greg West                                       Tower 4
                                                               727 Collins Street
                                                               MELBOURNE VIC 3008
               Secretary                                       Australia
               Murray Walton
                                                               Auditor
                                                               Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                               550 Bourke Street
                                                               MELBOURNE VIC 3000
                                                               AUSTRALIA
                                                               Ph: +61 3 9671 7000


                                                               Stock exchange listing
                                                               IDP Education Limited shares are listed on the Australian
                                                               Securities Exchange (Listing code: IEL)


                                                               Website
                                                               www.idp.com


                                                               ABN
                                                               59 117 676 463




    104        IDP Education Limited Annual Report 2017
For personal use only



               www.colliercreative.com.au #IDP0014
For personal use only
