       A clear path
       to profitability
       Black Pearl Group Limited (“BPG” or “Company”) is pleased to announce its
       unaudited preliminary results for the year ended 31 March 2023 (“FY23”).


       The 2023 financial year was underpinned by purposeful investments in acquisition,
       technology, and a public listing, all paving the way for the Company's accelerated
       path to profitability.




       Unaudited Financial Results Summary
       The FY23 financial statements of BPG are still in the process of being audited,
       however BPG is not aware of any likely qualifications. The Company is not
       proposing to pay any dividends for the year ended 31 March 2023.


       Key financial highlights:
            Total Subscription Revenue increased by 97%
            Gross Profit Increased by 264%
            Total Operating Costs $7.9m
            85% increase in Net Assets
            496% increase in customer base


       Revenue
       BPG recorded $1.4m in recurring revenue for FY23, representing a 97% growth in
       recurring revenue compared to FY22. However, it is worth noting that this growth
       only includes five months of NewOldStamp (NOS) revenue following its acquisition
       on November 1, 2022. The remaining increase was due to the growing demand for
       the Black Pearl Mail service. Total Revenue includes government R&D grants and
       amortisation of NOS customer contracts purchased.




1 - Black Pearl Group - FY23 Financial Commentary
       Revenue Model
       BPG's product offerings follow a monthly recurring billing model, generating regular
       and predictable revenue. As the customer base grows through new sign-ups, each
       additional subscriber contributes to the overall revenue. This continuous growth is
       not limited to one-time purchases but compounds over time.


       Recurring revenue models focus on future revenue, while Profit and Loss statements
       only capture historical revenue without accounting for projected revenue resulting
       from past expenses. Consequently, the Profit and Loss statement does not account
       for BPG's projected revenue resulting from past expenses.


       Total customers increased by 496%, with 55% located in USA. This offers future
       growth potential via cross-sale opportunities of BPG’s new product, Pearl Diver,
       which was released to the USA market in March 2023.


       Gross Profit
       Gross Profit increased by 264%, illustrating the Company‘s strong focus on
       profitability. One of the factors contributing to this growth is BPG’s ability to scale
       infrastructure at negligible incremental expense. This has been made possible from
       previous years investment in creating a highly scalable operational framework.



       Expenditure
       BPG's decision to raise its operating expenditure delivered the FY23 business plan
       and created a direct path to profitability. FY23 expenditure included $1.1m of one-
       off costs associated with the acquisition of NOS and the direct listing on the NZX, as
       well as R&D to create the new Pearl Diver product (see Investment).


       BPG’s cost base has been intentionally structured to be flexible in nature, providing
       additional levers for reaching profitability. After accounting for one-time costs, 31%
       of the FY23 cost base remains variable in nature.


       Balance Sheet
       BPG’s balance sheet reflects the investment made in the NOS technology, customer
       base and organic website traffic.


       The promissory note and warrants entered into with Crown BP Holdings, LLC
       immediately prior to listing, has been amended post-year end 31 March 2023. The
       note is now an unsecured obligation of BPG, the two due dates for repayment of
       the note have been extended by 12 months each and there is a conditional
       agreement for the note to be converted to ordinary shares in BPG at a conversion
       rate of NZ$1.02 per share.




2 - Black Pearl Group - FY23 Financial Commentary
       Investment
       In FY23, BPG invested in three core areas to accelerate the Company's path to
       profitability.


       Listing on the NZX: BPG’s direct listing on the NZX generated one-off costs
       pertaining to compliance, legal, accounting, and capital raising.


       The Company opted to invest in listing on NZX to support its data and acquisition
       strategies and ensure better access to capital as and when required.


       BPG’s recent private placement on 26th of May, 2023 was approximately 80%
       subscribed in under 72hrs of the announcement – which would have been difficult
       to achieve as a private company in the current global economy.




       Acquisition: BPG’s primary drivers in purchasing NOS was its 1 million plus organic
       website visits, access to world-class and affordable offshore talent, and a
       noteworthy customer base with associated recurring revenue.


       This investment has created the opportunity to cross-sell and upsell BPG’s product
       portfolio to over 1 million site organic visitors (see Pearl Diver) while successfully
       scaling up the Company’s operations to enable 24/7 global coverage across
       development, marketing, customer support, and sales.




       Data - Pearl Engine: The Pearl Engine is BPG’s proprietary data technology platform.
       Since listing BPG gained improved access to new data sets to enable the rapid
       creation of new features and products. BPG’s latest service, Pearl Diver, is a direct
       result of accessing unique data streams and leveraging over a decade of
       experience in data and digital engagement.




       Summary
       The unaudited result was in line with the Board’s expectations for the year-end and
       sees BPG continue to deliver on its drive to profitability in FY24.


       Please also refer to the attached Black Pearl Group - FY23 Financial Statements and
       Black Pearl Group - Financial Results Announcement for the detailed results.




3 - Black Pearl Group - FY23 Financial Commentary
       Outlook – a clear path to profitability

       BPG's Listing Document outlined the Company's strategic initiatives that are
       driving its path to profitability. A key component of this strategy involved the
       continual augmentation of data streams within the Pearl Engine, enabling the
       development of novel services. These services serve as catalysts for acquiring new
       customers while also providing avenues for cross-selling to the existing customer
       base.


       By adopting this approach, BPG was able to swiftly deploy Pearl Diver
       to the market.


       Blackpearl Diver
       Pearl Diver is a SaaS product that shows businesses the individuals that are
       visiting their website, including the visitor's name, contact numbers, email
       addresses, physical addresses, job information, and more.


       Key contributors to the success of Pearl Diver include:

           The ability to sell directly to the existing customer base (3,800) across all Services
           The ability to upsell directly to inbound traffic on the NOS (1m+ annually) and
           BPM (140k+ annually) websites
           Higher Annual Recurring Revenue (ARR) per customer than existing products
           (minimum of approx. 10x greater than the NOS service)
           Access to new markets and distribution through partner networks




4 - Black Pearl Group - FY23 Financial Commentary
       The compounding nature of the higher-value Pearl Diver service has a positive
       impact on BPG’s growth trajectory.




                      Diagram 1: Shows compounding nature of Pearl Diver revenue and resulting
                             ARR based on various potential customer acquisition rates.



       Throughout March, Pearl Diver was released to the US market in a staged
       approach, during which the BPG secured over 50 orders from both existing
       and new customers.


       In May, new sales have generated $282,942.00 in net new ARR (in addition to
       already recurring ARR), with an immediate provisioning queue of new
       customers worth $56,331.00 ARR.




5 - Black Pearl Group - FY23 Financial Commentary
       Chief Financial Officer Comment


       “For technology companies, ‘profit is the new growth’. Over the FY23 financial
       year, there was a seismic shift in how technology companies were valued -
       with a premium being placed on profitability. BPG worked hard over FY23 to
       not only get ahead of this trend but to ideally position itself to capitalize on it.


       Given the stability of the Company’s servicing costs, the availability of
       affordable and flexible resources, and the rapid growth of BPG’s data
       services the Board expresses strong confidence in BPG's favourable
       positioning to achieve substantial results in FY24 and beyond.”
       - Karen Cargill - Chief Financial Officer, Black Pearl Group Limited.




       For and on behalf of the Board,


       Karen Cargill
       Chief Financial Officer


       For further information, please contact:
       karen.cargill@blackpearlmail.com | +64 21 135 5183




       About Black Pearl Group
       Blackpearl Group is a data technology company, relentlessly focused on
       unlocking the potential of data for small and medium-sized businesses.


       We build, acquire, and market cutting-edge, cloud-based services that
       empower businesses to make data-driven decisions, drive productivity,
       and generate demand.


       Our suite of tools and applications are designed to help businesses of all
       sizes harness get trenchancy over their data, facilitating better decisions
       and unlocking new revenue opportunities.




6 - Black Pearl Group - FY23 Financial Commentary
Better
growth,
together.
