(A company controlled through weighted voting rights and incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
( 於開曼群島註冊成立以不同投票權控制的有限責任公司 )




                                                                                                           2025
Stock code 股份代號 ：1519
CONTENTS

2     I. Chairman’s Statement
9     II. Corporate Information
11    III. Financial Summary
12    IV. Management Discussion and Analysis
48    V. Directors and Senior Management
54    VI. Directors’ Report
89    VII. Corporate Governance Report
102   VIII. Environmental, Social and Governance Report
225   IX. Independent Auditor’s Report
233   X. Financial Statements and Notes
334   XI. Definitions
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




I. Chairman’s Statement
A Letter to Shareholders
  – Keeping Steady Progress, Striving for Excellence, and Surpassing Ourselves

Dear Shareholders,

Greetings to you all.

This is the third time I have written to our global shareholders, and I am filled with deep emotion. This year also marks
J&T’s eleventh year in the industry. At the beginning of the year, I set a guiding principle for the team as “Keeping Steady
Progress, Striving for Excellence, and Surpassing Ourselves”, which eight words serve both as our methodology and our
goal. Standing at this juncture today, I have gained a deeper understanding of “speed” versus “steadiness”, and “scale”
versus “strength”. Express delivery is a long march where “the winner takes all”. Over the past eleven years, we have
witnessed too many peers fall by the wayside, which fills us with regret. We are fortunate to have survived thanks to a
stroke of “dumb luck”, and have established a firm foothold in every country and region where we are operating. This
has taught us that we must not only think about how to grow “faster”, but also how to become “stronger”.

This road is so long that even after our generation steps aside, it can still stretch far into the future.


J&T’S LONG-TERMISM
In the past two years, “long-termism” has become a buzzword. Mentioning long-termism or value often gives people a
feeling of exaggeration or trend-following. But for J&T, true “long-termism” must confront two realities:

Firstly, is the industry itself sustainable in the long run? Over the years, many industries have been continuously disrupted.
People often say that food delivery disrupted instant noodles, and smartphones disrupted cameras. During this Spring
Festival, Seedance 2.0 caused an industry earthquake, while OpenClaw sparked a “shrimp farming craze” overnight. The
recent scenes of people lining up to stock shrimp have gone viral online. Netizens joke that “each generation has its own
eggs”, and while the comments are amusing, this is indeed how industries evolve. Regardless, not every industry is here
for the long haul, and discussing long-termism in industries that lack such attributes is pointless. Fortunately, logistics
serves as the “road” and infrastructure for the entire society, representing a sufficiently enduring endeavor. No matter
how society develops, logistics will always exist, albeit in different forms. Like an old tree that has stood tall through years
of wind and rain, it naturally becomes a part of the landscape. Our mission is to make this road broader, smoother, and
more efficient.

Secondly, and more crucially, what will enable you to survive till the end in a long-standing industry? Just like in the
stock market, some people suffer huge losses in a bull market, while others make significant gains in a bear market.
What matters is not the market itself, but your own actions. Therefore, J&T’s “long-termism” essentially boils down to
nine words: survive, thrive, and endure. This is precisely the original intention behind my proposal of “Keeping Steady
Progress, Striving for Excellence, and Surpassing Ourselves”.




2
                                                                                                         Chairman’s Statement




“Steadiness” by no means indicates standing still or lacking ambition. Starting a business is like sailing against the current:
if you don’t advance, you’ll retreat, and if you move too slowly, you’ll perish. The “steadiness” we seek involves rising in
a spiral pattern at a controllable pace, unafraid of mistakes. “Excellence” is the pursuit after gaining a firm foothold while
continuously building on advantages to achieve sustainable self-transcendence, with the goal of becoming number one in
every market we approach.

This journey has no finish line. Going public merely grants us an entry ticket, while the real competition is a “rooted” long
march alongside time.

We link the world through a single network. We are the “road builders” who are constructing highways that connect
global logistics networks. We extend from Southeast Asia to China, from the Middle East to Latin America, and from
Latin America to Europe and the United States. As a “born global” enterprise, we aim to weave a healthy and synergistic
global network. This is not about “planting flags”, but about “taking root”: building local teams, and becoming “locals”,
with network to serve as the skeleton, rooting to provide the flesh and blood, and long-termism to act as the soul.

Road building requires immense patience and, more importantly, doing the right things. We once postponed
infrastructure development for short-term profits, only to see services decline rapidly. This has further strengthened
our conviction: investments that must be made should be made, and hubs that must be built should be built. If there
is something that must be done in the lifetime, just do it sooner. I once told the team that in life, you’re either waiting
for death or seeking change. Rather than waiting for death, it’s better to seek change. Perhaps, by walking through the
darkness, the road will eventually become clear. For J&T, only by widening the road can parcels be delivered quickly, and
only by strengthening the network can services be improved. A couple of years ago, some people said we were “expanding
too fast” and called us “industry disruptors, or even bad apples”. Today, as we gradually get on the right track in various
countries, these skeptical voices are slowly fading away.


SOME PEOPLE ARE PUZZLED: EXPRESS DELIVERY IS A CAPITAL-INTENSIVE
BUSINESS, SO WHAT IS ITS VALUE?
I believe that every penny we invest today in sorting centers, vehicles, outlets, and equipment, along with the increasingly
professional services provided by our team, are all laying the foundation for the future. Every penny spent, every ounce of
energy expended, and every drop of sweat shed will not vanish into thin air, and they will only return to you in another
form. While everyone is talking about AI and robots, I have come to a profound realization: this physical network of heavy
assets covering the globe will evolve into a dynamic “data field” and “intelligent testing ground”. Since we have spent
years in building it, anyone who wants to surpass us will not be able to avoid spending the same amount of time, effort,
and money. This, perhaps, is its deepest value and moat for the future.

Just like how we reduced the unit cost per parcel from several US dollars to a fraction of a US dollar in Southeast
Asia, thereby driving the development of the entire e-commerce ecosystem – this value of reducing logistics costs and
enhancing service experiences for the society is growing along every road we have traveled:

In terms of breadth, we have achieved full coverage from 17,508 islands in Indonesia to the Amazon rainforest in Brazil.
From the Sulu Archipelago in the Philippines to the desert villages in Saudi Arabia, the UAE, and Egypt, we have become
the only private express delivery company in these regions to achieve full coverage.

In terms of depth, we continuously optimize services and experiences: We took the lead in eliminating COD handling fees
in Vietnam. In Xinjiang, China, our express delivery reaches villages, bringing fresh oranges to thousands of households.

In terms of technology, we drive efficiency innovations: We took the lead in achieving full coverage of automated
equipment in distribution centers across Thailand.



                                                                                                                             3
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




The significance of a road lies not in where it connects, but in how the places it reaches are transformed once we arrive.
Our mission is to lay a solid logistical foundation for this region and even the wider world, enabling the e-commerce
businesses we serve to grow bigger and stronger, and providing our consumers with better and faster services.

The poet Robert Frost ever said, “Two roads diverged in a yellow wood, and I took the one less traveled by”. A road is
always forged by those who walk it, and we have chosen the most challenging one.


SPEED, STABILITY, QUALITY – THE UNBREAKABLE TRINITY
Standing tall amidst the cold pine, wind, and snow, we make our vow. Traversing mountains and stars, we press on
without delay. “Steady progress” means taking every step on the right path. To this end, I propose the core leadership
principles of J&T: Respecting Common Sense, Reaching Consensus, Keeping Things Simple, and Returning to the Essence.

What is the common sense in the express delivery industry? Customers don’t care whether you deliver parcels by airplane,
tank, or rocket. They only care about three things: speed, safety, and service. This is common sense and also the essence.

Therefore, we must treat every parcel with reverence, “as if delivering our own lives”. This principle is ingrained in our
DNA. As K∙Boy, a courier in Thailand, said, “Every parcel is important to us because it could be a new schoolbag for the
start of a semester, a Mother’s Day gift, or even a wedding dress”. To this end, in addition to ensuring the speed and
safety of express delivery, we are also fully implementing the mandatory standard of “prompt compensation within one
hour for any issues”. We are aware that in some markets, the usual compensation cycle is much longer, but we are
determined to set our own standards: faster, more reliable, and more accountable.

Respecting common sense requires reaching consensus, and even more so, keeping things simple. As the saying goes,
“When everyone shares the same goal, their strength converges into one”. We operate a labor-intensive network
globally, so reaching consensus is an essential foundation for all our partners worldwide. We must understand and respect
the importance of every parcel, handle every customer complaint promptly, and respond to consumer demands. Last year,
in the Philippines, the average national delivery time was extended by two hours for a month due to floods that washed
away bridges. This reason might seem sufficient to justify the delay. But I told the team that this was unacceptable. Our
common sense tells us that customers will never accept a delay in parcel delivery just because a bridge is down. If the
bridge is down, we can find a boat, buy a speedboat, or even use a drone. The problem is there, and it won’t change, but
there are always ways to solve it. Without a profound understanding of the fundamental aspects of speed and service in
express delivery, it’s impossible to truly serve our customers well in every corner of the world.

In Hanoi, Vietnam, one of our customers dealing in children’s clothing encountered a typhoon. “There were strong
winds, power outages, and heavy rain. Other courier services halted operations, but only J&T came to pick up the goods.
I couldn’t print the waybills and was extremely anxious, but the J&T courier told me not to worry and immediately helped
me process them manually”.

In Ho Chi Minh City, one of our customers made traditional ao dai dresses and only ran offline stores before. “The courier
suggested I try online sales and taught me how to take product photos, list items, and promote them. Gradually, more
and more people got to know me online”. “During the peak season of the Spring Festival each year, the order volume
is very high, but J&T doesn’t close during the holiday, providing me with the most needed support. Starting a business is
tough, but I’m touched that there are people who have been by my side all along”.

In Dong Thap Province, we have an old customer who has been with us for six years, growing from a small seller to a
local influencer. “I went from less than 10 orders a day to 2,000 orders a day now. J&T never rejected me due to my small
volume. Sometimes, when there was a sudden surge in orders during a live stream, the regional manager would come to
the warehouse at night to help me pack. We have progressed step by step to where we are now. I only ship my products
with J&T – this has become an ‘anti-counterfeiting mark’ in my live stream room”.


4
                                                                                                      Chairman’s Statement




The deepest trust is when someone thinks of your number first in times of trouble. Without the conditions, we create
them; and without the manpower, we step in ourselves, truly becoming an irreplaceable “anti-counterfeiting mark” in
the hearts of our customers.

To survive means to respect common sense; and to thrive means to transcend common sense. This is a journey of seeking
the essence and the foundation of our “steady progress”.


THE WIDEST MOAT: A GROUP OF LOYAL AND RIGHTEOUS “ROAD BUILDERS”
We operate all over the world and make it our home. Why fear the boundless expanse? On our journey, what serves as
our blade, and what serves as our armor?

My answer is our group of people. “Be serious about being a group of partners who pursue health, longevity, and
common interests, while embracing brotherhood and culture”. This is the deepest moat of J&T.

The fundamental difference of J&T lies in having a group of brothers willing to take root overseas for the long haul. Going
abroad is not just a business trip but embarking with the courage that “this life might be spent in the local place or even
buried there”.

A few days ago, at our kick-off meeting, a girl who is about to be assigned abroad said:

“It’s never too late to embark on a journey in life. Expanding the boundaries of my life and becoming a better version
of myself is what I pursue. No matter the outcome, this journey is something we can be proud of, even making our next
generation proud”.

Another young man who is about to set off said, “I came here after leaving the mountains, and now I want to go abroad
to see the world as it truly is”.

Many of my companions said with emotion that they had never imagined in their lives that they would come to such a
distant country. They are not here to travel, but to start a business. It’s far beyond their past self-perception.

Regardless of the distance of the mountains and borders, wherever our banner points, Sino-descendants shall prevail
across the land. The brothers say:

“We used to believe that our prior experience would give us an advantage, but after arriving, we realized that our
experience was far from sufficiency to address local challenges, forcing us to start from scratch”.

“Every day in a foreign land teaches us that long-termism is not just about enduring time but continuously innovating
based on respecting local culture”.

“I carry the image of J&T overseas on my shoulders. I must do well to be worthy of the brothers following me”.

“When a disaster strikes, we are the only one still providing services. After customers received their emergency parcels,
they said to me, ‘Thank you for delivering even in such dangerous conditions.’ I was deeply touched at that moment”.




                                                                                                                         5
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




Behind each parcel, there might be an expectation, an emergency aid, or a chapter in someone’s life.

Service holds value. When people think of us first when they need help, that is value.

From pioneers setting up networks while sleeping on concrete floors to steadfast individuals going against the tide during
disasters, and from the commitment of “one person, one parcel, one city” to the courage of “willing to be buried in a
foreign land for life”, this is the DNA of J&T.

Those who go abroad take root wherever they land. Our overseas brothers say, “Many of us keep track of two time
zones on our phones, one for China and one for the local place”. Hundreds of thousands of people worldwide strive for
this brand, so what we carry on our shoulders is not just livelihood, but also the dreams and the career entrusted to each
other.

Overseas, we rely on brotherhood. On the day when the Middle East server crashed, our leader was under so much stress
that he “took blood pressure-lowering medication three times a day”. Late at night, when he walked out of the office
alone and found that “none of the brothers had left”, he stood there with tears welling up in his eyes.

This brotherhood continues in our younger generation. A management trainee said philosophically, “We’ve studied for
over a decade in learning rules and decorum, yet in the most real parts of life, we’ve become each other’s most reliable
brothers”.

At the beginning of this year, the Chinese New Year coincided with the Muslim Ramadan. In the Egyptian J&T office,
crescent moon decorations hung on the left, and Fu characters (Chinese characters symbolizing good luck) on the right.
The light of two cultures merged here. Perhaps this is the meaning of us standing shoulder to shoulder: We don’t have to
be the same, but we can blend; and we come from different paths but walk towards the same long road.

We are a group of “road builders” who firmly believe in long-term commitment, dare to take root, and value loyalty and
brotherhood;

“Together, we have a future” has never been just a slogan. It represents the stories of countless individuals who have
turned foreign places into their homeland, and it embodies the relay from the post-60s generation to the post-00s
generation, one generation after another;

True “one person, one parcel, one city” is not about individual heroism but knowing that the entire team is behind you.
And this will be the whole life we can reminisce about.


HEALTH AND LONGEVITY: OUR ANSWER TO THE FUTURE
While opportunities drive an organization’s short-term survival and strength fuels its mid-term development, culture is
essential for it to “endure the test of time”. Culture represents the direction in which we establish our roots.

Our vision is to “become a healthy and long-lasting enterprise”. This means that even when our generation is no longer
here, the brand will remain, the services will persist, the culture will continue to be passed on, and there will still be a
group of brothers and sisters embodying the spirit of J&T, continuing to nurture its presence on this land.

Our mission is to cultivate an environment of “happiness, openness, and growth”. We require that “leaders are willing
to listen first and foremost, while enabling the team to speak up, express boldly, and share willingly”. I demand that all
our executives, starting with myself, make their contact information available to the frontline teams. Earlier this year, a
franchisee managed to reach me through various connections, presented an issue, and had it resolved promptly. I was
genuinely delighted – this proves that he still trusts me. As our internal team members say, “Trust is the most precious
foundation within an organization”.

6
                                                                                                       Chairman’s Statement




Our values are “benfen, sharing and responsibility”.

Benfen means doing the right thing and doing things right.

In October last year, Davao in the Philippines was hit by a 7.6-magnitude earthquake. Our team members in charge of the
region rushed 160 kilometers to the epicenter immediately. “I couldn’t let anything happen to the team. As the person in
charge, I am the primary responsible party”.

During the severe floods in Indonesia, our courier walked through mountain roads for over ten hours searching for
signals. “There was no signal anywhere. After over ten hours, I finally got ones. I had to quickly inform the headquarters
that help was urgently needed here”.

Actually, everyone has his own basic principle regarding right or wrong. However, when something happens, choosing to
do the right thing at the first moment is one’s benfen.

Sharing means giving those who can hear the gunshots the ammunition and letting those who can solve problems take
the stage.

We adhere to the principle of “letting performance speak”, before going beyond merely expanding our business
overseas. Every individual must possess genuine expertise, and this is the foundation for establishing oneself anywhere in
the world.

In a warehouse in Sudan, the Middle East, where the temperature is over 50 degrees Celsius, a tall and strong young
man who used to be a security guard voluntarily applied to be an operator. Working in the scorching heat, they sorted
items with great efficiency, saving a significant amount of time for the night shift. “I am educated. After graduating
from university, I came to the Middle East to seek employment. I believe I can take on greater responsibilities”. At that
moment, there was a spark of light in his innocent eyes.

In the Amazon rainforest in Brazil, transportation relies on boats and air freight, which is time-consuming and costly. The
brother in charge of the local area said, “Roads are created by treading”. He specifically conducted tests during the rainy
season when the roads were at their muddiest, traversing a 700-kilometer uninhabited area repeatedly, and pioneered a
new route combining “land transportation + passenger ship”, reducing the delivery time by two days. “This is our route
advantage in the Amazon. If we can execute it well, it will become our moat in this region”.

Responsibility is a response to trust and an adherence to our original aspiration.

The larger the Company grows, the more I fear internal decay; and I always proceed with caution, as if treading on thin
ice. Within our organization, everyone is aware of the “three oppositions”: Oppose the sickness of big corporations,
the success of petty individuals, and corruption. I’ve witnessed too many companies that didn’t fall to external market
competition but were destroyed by internal laxity and complacency.

Health is the immunity of an organization, and longevity is the vitality of its culture. Only by doing good deeds, nurturing
good people, and maintaining a pure heart can we continue on the “Journey to the West”.




                                                                                                                          7
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




THE FORWARD ROAD BENEATH OUR FEET WITHOUT A FINISH LINE
Only by moving steadily can we excel in competition, and only by taking root can we achieve long-term success. Looking
to the future, we must seek the farthest and most solid path between speed and quality, and between change and
stability.

Over the past year, many of our investors have been concerned about our pace, profitability, and future prospects in
various markets. How is the growth in Southeast Asia? How can we thrive in China? What are the expectations for the
Middle East and Latin America? When will we enter the European and American markets? What are your thoughts on the
platform’s self-built delivery service? Why did you engage in cross-shareholding with SF? Why opt for equity financing?
Are you running out of money?... There are so many questions and anxieties. Actually, I’d love to answer them all, but
after years of entrepreneurship, I’ve learned that what you want to express will eventually reveal itself over time. There’s
no need to panic, but we should proceed calmly, skillfully, and naturally.

Roads are not planned, but forged through action. As a franchisee brother from Xinjiang once said, “Before you achieve
anything, no one asks about you or encourages you. Only after you succeed will applause follow”.

The path of life has always been unpredictable, with many chased empty fames on paper. Who draws the blueprint? I
forge my own path amidst the vast expanse.


IN CLOSING
To the industry, we are “road builders”;

To the market, we are “rooted players”;

To our customers, we are “promise fulfillers”;

To our team, we are “like-minded partners”.

Not all who journey together share the same path, but those who do together will surely walk side by side. A group of
like-minded entrepreneurs on the same journey will undoubtedly make valuable contributions to the world. As time goes
on, our original aspiration remains unchanged.

We are a group of people willing to inscribe both our careers and names into this land for a lifetime.

We come not to become legends, but to leave without regret in this era.

With mountains high and waters long, our footsteps never cease.

Time will reveal our strength, and over time, J&T will prove its mettle.

Jet Jie Li
Founder of J&T

Spring 2026




8
                                                                                             Corporate Information




II. Corporate Information
BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Executive Director                                    Quanxi Shang
Jet Jie Li (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)     Ching Kit Cheng


Non-executive Directors                               AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
Alice Yu-fen Cheng                                    Jet Jie Li
Qinghua Liao                                          Ching Kit Cheng
Yuan Zhang
                                                      AUDITOR
Independent Non-executive Directors                   PricewaterhouseCoopers
Erh Fei Liu                                           Certified Public Accountants and
Peng Shen                                             Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
Peter Lai Hock Meng                                   22/F, Prince’s Building
                                                      Central
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                       Hong Kong
Peter Lai Hock Meng (Chairman)
Alice Yu-fen Cheng                                    REGISTERED OFFICE IN THE CAYMAN
Erh Fei Liu                                           ISLANDS
                                                      Harneys Fiduciary (Cayman) Limited
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                4th floor, Harbour Place
Erh Fei Liu (Chairman)                                103 South Church Street
Jet Jie Li                                            P.O. Box 10240
Peng Shen                                             Grand Cayman, KY1-1002
                                                      Cayman Islands
NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                                      PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE
Erh Fei Liu (Chairman)
Jet Jie Li
                                                      PRC
Peng Shen                                             Room 1001, Block A, Tower 5
Peter Lai Hock Meng (appointed on 16 December 2025)   1777 Hualong Road, Huaxinzhen
Qinghua Liao (appointed on 16 December 2025)          Qingpu District
                                                      Shanghai
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE                        PRC

Peng Shen (Chairman)
Erh Fei Liu
                                                      PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
Peter Lai Hock Meng
                                                      HONG KONG
                                                      40/F, Dah Sing Financial Centre
                                                      248 Queen’s Road East
                                                      Wanchai, Hong Kong




                                                                                                                9
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




LEGAL ADVISERS                       HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
As to laws of Hong Kong:             REGISTRAR
Linklaters                           Tricor Investor Services Limited
11th Floor, Alexandra House          17/F, Far East Finance Centre
Chater Road                          16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong                            Hong Kong

As to laws of PRC:                   COMPLIANCE ADVISER
DaHui Lawyers
                                     Somerley Capital Limited
Suite 3720 China World Tower A
                                     20/F China Building
1 Jianguomenwai Avenue
                                     29 Queen’s Road Central
Beijing
                                     Hong Kong
PRC

                                     STOCK CODE
As to laws of Cayman Islands:
Harney Westwood & Riegels            1519
3501, The Center
99 Queen’s Road Central              COMPANY’S WEBSITE
Hong Kong                            www.jtexpress.com


PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND        LISTING DATE
TRANSFER OFFICE                      27 October 2023
Harneys Fiduciary (Cayman) Limited
4th floor, Harbour Place
103 South Church Street
P.O. Box 10240
Grand Cayman, KY1-1002
Cayman Islands




10
                                                                                                 Financial Summary




III. Financial Summary
Condensed consolidated statement of                 2025          2024          2023          2022          2021
comprehensive income                             USD’000       USD’000       USD’000       USD’000       USD’000

Revenue                                        12,157,806    10,259,104     8,849,251     7,267,428     4,851,800
Gross profit/(loss)                             1,462,675     1,078,215       472,798      (270,238)     (544,744)
Operating profit/(loss)                           472,513       210,543    (1,766,550)   (1,389,565)   (1,647,207)
Profit/(loss) before income tax                   263,424       129,150    (1,139,196)    1,583,330    (6,119,132)
Profit/(loss) for the year                        225,334       113,704    (1,156,378)    1,572,567    (6,192,258)
Net comprehensive income/(loss)
  for the year                                   249,207        34,982     (1,138,204)   1,331,767     (6,231,543)
Non-IFRS measures:
  Adjusted net profit/(loss)                      425,387      200,333      (432,277)    (1,488,297)   (1,177,666)
  Adjusted EBIT                                   566,115      301,283      (334,761)    (1,400,037)   (1,014,939)
  Adjusted EBITDA                               1,049,058      778,279       146,694       (894,090)     (794,450)


                                                    2025          2024          2023          2022          2021
Condensed consolidated balance sheets            USD’000       USD’000       USD’000       USD’000       USD’000

Assets
Non-current assets                              4,295,736     3,681,814    3,464,108     3,089,262      3,028,218
Current assets                                  4,504,885     3,612,692    3,137,306     2,846,297      3,516,424
Total assets                                    8,800,621     7,294,506    6,601,414     5,935,559      6,544,642

Equity and liabilities
Equity attributable to owners of the Company    3,155,231     2,825,313    2,749,682     (4,847,033)   (6,591,010)
Non-controlling interests                        (311,063)     (302,765)    (270,083)      (137,215)       (45,414)
Total equity/deficits                           2,844,168     2,522,548    2,479,599     (4,984,248)   (6,636,424)

Non-current liabilities                         2,501,009     2,354,059    2,037,041     9,188,190     10,975,327
Current liabilities                             3,455,444     2,417,899    2,084,774     1,731,617      2,205,739
Total equity and liabilities                    8,800,621     7,294,506    6,601,414     5,935,559      6,544,642




                                                                                                                 11
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




IV. Management Discussion and Analysis
I. INDUSTRY REVIEW1

(I) Southeast Asia2
1. Sustained Favorable Macro Environment with Accelerated Growth in Total Retail Sales
The SEA market maintains rapid growth and is one of the fastest-growing economic regions in the world. In
2025, the global economy exhibited a development trend of “overall stability, internal differentiation, and coexistence
of resilience and risks”. Although a global recession has not occured, the foundations of recovery remained relatively
fragile. Despite the impact of tariffs, Southeast Asia (SEA) maintained one of the fastest-growing economies worldwide,
benefiting from the dividends of supply chain relocation, the development of the digital economy and cross-border
trade, and resilient domestic demand. According to Frost & Sullivan, the nominal gross domestic product (“GDP”) of
SEA reached USD4.1 trillion in 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.9%, accelerating from the year-on-year
increase of 4.4% in 2024; nominal GDP per capita reached around USD6,000, representing a year-on-year increase
of 4.0%. SEA is expected to remain one of the fastest-growing economies in the world from 2026 to 2030, with a
compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of 6.7% in nominal GDP.

A vibrant consumer market has provided a solid foundation for the development of e-commerce and express
delivery markets. In 2025, under the prudent regulation by central banks across various countries, inflation in the SEA
continued to decline, creating a relatively stable, moderate and predictable price environment. According to the World
Economic Outlook published by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in October 2025, the growth rate of the Consumer
Price Index (“CPI”) in the major SEA countries in 2025 was 0.6 percentage points lower than that in 2024. The low
inflation environment and resilient labor market in SEA have contributed to rising household real purchasing power and
stabilizing consumer expectations, thereby ensuring that private consumption will remain firm. Meanwhile, dynamic intra-
regional trade and economic exchanges continued to boost consumption growth. According to Frost & Sullivan, total
retail sales in SEA reached USD1.2 trillion in 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 14.0%, achieving significant
accelerated growth compared to the year-on-year increase of 3.2% in 2024.

2. Increased Investment by E-commerce Platforms Drives Accelerated Business Growth
Demand for e-commerce retail continues to be unlocked, accompanied by a gradual rise in e-commerce
penetration. In recent years, with the gradual improvement of mobile networks and the e-commerce industry chain,
online platforms in SEA have significantly broadened their product offerings, enhanced delivery convenience, and
improved both product quality and cost-effectiveness. This has optimized the consumer shopping experience, and
accelerated the migration of consumer purchasing mindset and corporate retail channels toward online platforms.
Against this backdrop, major existing e-commerce platforms have intensified efforts to expand their user bases and drive
rapid growth in transaction volumes, allocated more resources to optimize user service systems and introduced supportive
policies for both users and merchants, thus further increasing market demand for high-quality express delivery services.
According to Frost & Sullivan, in 2025, the transaction value of the e-commerce retail market increased by 27.5% year-
on-year, reaching USD303.85 billion. This represents relative growth compared to the year-on-year increase of 25.7% in
2024. The e-commerce penetration rate reached 24.6%, an increase of 2.6 percentage points from 2024.




1. Unless otherwise specified, all industry data are sourced from Frost & Sullivan
2. For the purpose of this report, Southeast Asia (the “SEA”) includes seven countries, namely, Indonesia, Vietnam, Malaysia, the Philippines, Thailand,
    Cambodia and Singapore




12
                                                                                           Management Discussion and Analysis




Social commerce is surging strongly, emerging as the core growth driver of e-commerce retail. By reshaping
traditional purchasing pathways and transforming consumer behavior, social commerce is gradually redefining the
existing landscape of the e-commerce market. Social e-commerce companies, represented by TikTok and Meta, leverage
short-form video, live streaming, social sharing, and community interaction to embed products into content ecosystems,
enabling the rapid dissemination and conversion of product sales information. According to Frost & Sullivan, in 2025,
the proportion of population aged under 15 in the SEA was 23.3%, reflecting a relatively young demographic structure.
Young consumers, characterized by strong purchasing power, high consumption potential, and a preference for
online shopping, are being rapidly penetrated by social commerce, representing significant future growth potential for
e-commerce in SEA. According to Frost & Sullivan, the retail transaction value of social e-commerce reached USD151.73
billion in 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 39.1%, compared to a year-on-year increase of 33.2% in
2024, achieving rapid growth for two consecutive years. In 2025, social e-commerce accounted for 49.9% of the total
e-commerce retail market in SEA, an increase of 4.2 percentage points from 2024, and this percentage is expected to
reach 58.9% in 2030.

3. The Express Delivery Industry is Growing Rapidly, with Strong Demand for High-quality Services
The express delivery market in SEA has experienced rapid expansion, accompanied by rising demand for high-
quality delivery services. Supported by a favorable macroeconomic environment, the continued unlocking of consumer
potential and the vigorous growth of the e-commerce retail market, the demand for the express delivery market in SEA
continued to be released. According to Frost & Sullivan, the total parcel volume of the express delivery market in SEA
reached 22.29 billion in 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 39.5%, a significant acceleration compared to the
year-on-year increase of 25.2% in 2024. The number of parcels per capita in SEA reached 35.5 in 2025, a year-on-year
increase of 38.2% in 2024. As competition among major e-commerce players intensifies, delivery timeliness and service
quality have become critical considerations for e-commerce platforms, merchants and consumers. Highly cost-effective
express delivery service enables e-commerce companies and sellers to distinguish themselves amid fierce competition and
remains one of the core competitive advantages of express delivery enterprises.

A series of government policies have been introduced in succession to support the standardized and orderly
growth of the express delivery industry. To support the sustainable development of the express delivery industry
at the policy level, relevant SEA countries have successively introduced a series of policies and guidance documents that
establish clear positioning and development pathways for the industry while offering supporting measures, particularly in
infrastructure construction. For instance, Indonesia Digital Direction aims to leverage logistics digitalization to break down
geographical barriers as a core strategy supporting the growth of industries such as e-commerce and manufacturing;
Action Plan on Thailand Logistics Development 2023-2027 aims to advance infrastructure development and strengthen
logistics service capabilities, so as to achieve the goal of building an efficient, green and interconnected regional logistics
hub.

(II) China
1. Steady Economic Growth with Increased Contribution from Consumption
China’s national economy continues to recover, and its high-quality development is making steady progress.
The year of 2025 marks the completion of China’s 14th Five-Year Plan for economic and social development. As China
faced a complex and severe internal and external environment as well as multiple challenges, governments at all levels
implemented more proactive and effective macroeconomic policies, deepened the construction of a unified national
market, and promoted China’s economy forward against pressure and towards new and superior development.
Meanwhile, the construction of a modernized industrial system progressed steadily, enabling the successful completion
of expected goals and tasks. According to the National Bureau of Statistics of China, China’s GDP reached RMB140.2
trillion in 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.0% at constant prices, which is higher than the expected global
growth rate of around 3%, reaffirming China’s position as the world’s key driver of economic growth.




                                                                                                                            13
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




Domestic consumption in China maintained steady growth, with the total scale reaching a new historical high.
In 2025, China continued to anchor its economic strategy in the expansion of domestic demand, implemented special
actions to boost consumption, actively expanded effective investment, and continuously unleashed the driving force of
domestic demand. According to the National Bureau of Statistics of China, total retail sales of consumer goods reached
RMB50.1 trillion in 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.7%, with the overall size of the consumer market
remaining the second largest in the world. Meanwhile, consumption remained one of the main drivers of economic
growth, with final consumer spending contributing 2.6 percentage points to economic expansion in 2025 and accounting
for 52.0% of GDP growth, higher than the 44.5% in 2024, further consolidating the central role of the domestic
economic circulation. Regionally, retail sales of consumer goods in towns and cities amounted to RMB43.3 trillion,
reflecting a 3.6% year-on-year increase, with per capita disposable income rising 4.3% in nominal terms. Meanwhile,
rural retail sales amounted to RMB6.8 trillion, growing 4.1% year-on-year, with per capita disposable income increasing
5.8% in nominal terms. The rural market continues to outpace urban areas in both sales and income growth, highlighting
significant potential for future expansion in lower-tier markets.

2. E -commerce Maintained Growth Resilience, with Rural E-commerce and Social Commerce
    Demonstrating Structural Growth Momentum
E-commerce continued to outpace retail sales growth, serving as a vital engine for the expansion and
upgrading of China’s consumer market. According to the National Bureau of Statistics of China, China’s online retail
sales of physical goods reached RMB13.1 trillion in 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.2%, which outpaced
the growth of the total retail sales of consumer goods by 1.5 percentage points. Therefore, China maintained its position as
the world’s largest online retail market. Meanwhile, as China’s e-commerce industry continued to enhance its innovation
capabilities, the synergy of technological empowerment and business model innovation generated powerful momentum
for market growth. AI technologies have been widely applied across various aspects such as search and recommendation
systems, intelligent customer service, and product selection for live-streaming commerce, thereby enhancing operational
efficiency and user experience. E-commerce platforms have also actively expanded into instant retail and reshaped near-
field consumption patterns, while live-streaming commerce continued to thrive. Short dramas have become a new
gateway to consumption, and new e-commerce models are constantly emerging. According to data from the National
Bureau of Statistics of China, the proportion of online retail sales of physical goods in the total retail sales of consumer
goods reached 26.1% in 2025.

Driven by the dual forces of the deepening rural revitalization strategy and the continued penetration of the
digital economy, rural e-commerce has entered a new phase of rapid development. China has implemented a
county-level commercial development initiative, continuously enhancing the capacity for processing and selling agricultural
products. Live-streaming commerce has facilitated direct supply from source producers, enabling the rapid development
of rural e-commerce supply chains. Concurrently, the logistics distribution network is increasingly improving, and the
professionalism of e-commerce practitioners is steadily rising, collectively driving robust growth in the rural e-commerce
market. According to data from the Ministry of Commerce, China’s online retail sales of rural and agricultural products
grew by 6.7% and 9.9% respectively in 2025.

Social commerce has gradually evolved from an emerging model into a mainstream consumption channel.
Platforms such as Douyin and Taobao Live have effectively strengthened consumer trust and purchase conversion through
real-time interaction and product demonstrations, while platforms such as rednote have successfully transformed from a
lifestyle community into a significant force within the e-commerce ecosystem, driving rapid growth across these platforms.
According to Frost & Sullivan, the social e-commerce retail market in China increased from USD468.01 billion in 2021 to
USD980.83 billion in 2025, at a CAGR of 20.3%. In 2025, the proportion of social e-commerce in the total e-commerce
market reached 45.6%, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.4 percentage points compared to 2024.




14
                                                                                         Management Discussion and Analysis




3. Express Delivery Industry Maintained Relatively High Growth Rate, with Policies Steering the Industry
    Towards Healthy Development
China’s express delivery industry has maintained operations at a high scale while continuing to enhance the
quality of delivery services. According to the data disclosed by the State Post Bureau of the People’s Republic of China,
the cumulative volume of the express delivery industry reached 198.95 billion parcels in 2025, representing a year-on-year
increase of 13.6%. Meanwhile, the service quality of the express delivery industry has steadily improved, which includes a
further enhancement in timeliness. According to the data for the third quarter of 2025 released by the State Post Bureau
of the People’s Republic of China, the 72-hour on-time rate of express delivery services in key regions was 86.47%,
representing an increase of 2.08 percentage points compared to the same period of the previous year. The overall delivery
time limit of express delivery services in the third quarter of 2025 was 51.32 hours, a reduction of 2 hours compared to
the same period in 2024, indicating that leading companies have implemented anti-involution requirements and placed
greater emphasis on improving last-mile delivery services.

 Several national policies have been introduced to promote the high-quality development of China’s express
 delivery market. In order to advance high-quality development of the industry, consolidate its stable and positive
 development trend and foster a sound business environment, the Chinese government has issued a series of policies and
 reform measures. Relevant policies include the Plan for the Development of Modern Logistics during the “14th Five-Year
 Plan” (2021-2025) (《“十四五”現代物流發展規劃(2021-2025)》), which aims to develop and improve both domestic and
 cross-border logistics network; the Outline of the Plan for the Strategy to Expand Domestic Demand (2022-2035) (《擴
 大內需戰略規劃綱要(2022-2035年)》), which aims to improve the logistics infrastructure network, coordinate national
 logistics hubs and increase cross-regional logistics service capacity; the Guiding Opinions on Vigorously Developing Digital
 Consumption and Creating a Better Life in the Digital Era (《關於大力發展數字消費共創數字時代美好生活的指導意
 見》), which focuses on improving the express logistics distribution system and promoting the development of smart
 logistics; the Three-Year Action Plan for Digital Commerce (2024-2026) (《數字商務三年行動計劃(2024-2026年)》),
 which emphasizes the promotion of the digital development of logistics in the trade circulation field and the coordinated
 development of e-commerce and express logistics; and the Administrative Measures for the Express Delivery Market 2025
(《快遞市場管理辦法2025》), which aims to strengthen the supervision and management of the express delivery market
 and promote the healthy development of the express delivery industry.

(III) New Markets3
1. Latin America’s Consumer Market Held Significant Potential, Creating Ideal Conditions for E-commerce
    and Express Delivery Development
Latin America has achieved a relatively high standing in both total economic volume and per capita GDP,
providing vast space for the development of the e-commerce and express delivery industries. Latin America
and the Caribbean comprise 33 sovereign countries and multiple territories, including regional powers such as Brazil and
Mexico. According to the “World Economic Outlook” published by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in October
2025, the total nominal GDP of Latin America and the Caribbean was approximately USD7.0 trillion in 2025, with nominal
GDP per capita reaching USD10,700. The World Bank’s Global Economic Prospect Report for January 2026 indicates that
economic growth in Latin America and the Caribbean is expected to recover in 2026 to 2027, demonstrating certain
economic resilience. Benefits from easier financing conditions and high prices for metals and food commodities positively
impacting regional growth may be partially offset by factors such as heightened trade tensions and elevated uncertainty.




3. “New Markets” refers to Saudi Arabia, UAE, Mexico, Brazil and Egypt




                                                                                                                          15
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




Latin America, with its large population, high proportion of middle class, and strong consumer awareness,
represents a significant consumer market with substantial potential. According to the “World Economic Outlook”
published by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in October 2025, the total population of Latin America and the
Caribbean was estimated at 650 million in July 2025, making it one of the world’s largest consumer markets, with a
natural population growth rate of 0.72% in 2025. World Bank data shows that the middle class in Latin America and
the Caribbean is expected to become the largest social group in 2025, accounting for 42.8% of the total population.
The consumption power of this demographic extends beyond basic needs towards quality and convenience, driving
higher average order values and category expansion in e-commerce. According to World Bank data, household final
consumption expenditure in Latin America and the Caribbean reached USD4.9 trillion in 2024, making it the primary
engine of economic growth in the region in recent years.

The underlying driver for long-term economic growth in Brazil and Mexico remains consistent. The Company
has entered the Brazilian and Mexican markets within Latin America. In 2025, the global economy maintained moderate
overall growth. Brazil benefited from strong agricultural commodity exports, partially offsetting industrial and consumer
weakness under monetary tightening. According to Frost & Sullivan, in 2025, Brazil’s nominal GDP reached USD2.3
trillion, registering a year-on-year growth of 3.1%, representing a slight rebound from the 2.9% growth rate in 2024,
with its per capita nominal GDP at USD10,600. Mexico was affected to some extent by geopolitical factors and tariff
fluctuations; Mexico’s nominal GDP grew by 0.8% year on year to USD1.9 trillion in 2025, with its per capita nominal
GDP at USD14,000. Brazil and Mexico, as the two largest markets in Latin America, possess vast land areas, large
population bases, and stable household consumption levels. Following the stabilization of international uncertainties and
the recovery of domestic demand, the nominal GDP of Brazil and Mexico is projected to grow at CAGRs of 5.3% and 4.7%
respectively from 2026 to 2030, according to Frost & Sullivan.

Amidst a complex macroeconomic policy environment, social retail sales in Brazil and Mexico maintain solid
growth. According to the “World Economic Outlook” published by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in October
2025, the CPI growth rate in Mexico in 2025 declined compared to 2024. Meanwhile, both Brazil and Mexico have
maintained relatively high fiscal deficit levels, which helps sustain consumer spending, supporting expectations for
subsequent economic recovery and laying the foundation for rapid growth in e-commerce and express delivery markets.
According to Frost & Sullivan, total retail sales in Brazil and Mexico reached USD270.88 billion and USD306.77 billion in
2025, representing year-on-year increases of 3.7% and 4.2% respectively.

2. Increased Investment by E-commerce Platforms Drives Rising E-commerce Penetration in Latin America
Latin America’s young demographic structure with similar languages and cultures facilitate rapid e-commerce
platform penetration and the establishment of a unified e-commerce market. Except for Brazil, where Portuguese
is the primary language, most other countries and territories in Latin America and the Caribbean predominantly use
Spanish, making them more susceptible to influence from the same social media platforms and, consequently, rapid
coverage by social commerce. According to Demographic Observatory Report 2024 from the Economic Commission for
Latin America and the Caribbean (ECLAC), 22.5% of Latin America’s population was aged under 15 in 2024, indicating a
still-young demographic structure. Young people are natural digital natives, more accustomed to online shopping, social
media-influenced purchasing, and instant consumption, forming the most active and easily convertible user base for
e-commerce.




16
                                                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis




The continuous online transformation of the retail market has further increased the penetration rate of
e-commerce. Economic development and increased internet penetration have gradually fostered consumers’ shopping
mindset to shop on e-commerce platforms across Latin America. According to Frost & Sullivan, in 2025, the total
e-commerce retail transaction value of Brazil and Mexico reached USD60.93 billion and USD58.63 billion respectively,
representing year-on-year growth of 15.2% and 25.9% respectively. The e-commerce retail industry has maintained a
notable growth rate and continued to drive the increase in e-commerce penetration.The e-commerce penetration rates of
Brazil and Mexico stood at 22.5% and 19.1% respectively, up 2.2 and 3.3 percentage points year-on-year, and remained
at a relatively low level.The e-commerce penetration rates of Brazil and Mexico are projected to keep rising, reaching
37.2% and 35.1% by 2030.

The cross-border e-commerce industry is showcasing vitality, and e-commerce platforms continue to increase
resource investment in Latin America. Latin America possesses a rare combination of “high total GDP + high per
capita consumption + low e-commerce penetration”, making it a highly promising market in the consumer sector. The
rapid proliferation of digital financial infrastructure in Latin America, such as instant payment systems, has significantly
lowered the barrier to entry for business models like the internet, e-commerce, and local services. Cross-border e-commerce
continued to develop in 2025 and has become an important engine for e-commerce market development. Many global
e-commerce platforms continue to expand into Latin America, for example, TikTok entered the Mexican and Brazilian
markets in 2025. At the same time, major e-commerce platforms are increasing their investment in the semi-managed
model and the local-to-local model. This has further propelled the cross-border e-commerce market in Latin America into
a new stage and also raised the requirements for the local service capabilities of express delivery companies.

3. Latin America’s Express Delivery Industry Experiences Rapid Growth Driven by Underlying Factors, with
    Potential Yet to be Fully Unleashed
The express delivery industry in Latin America is growing rapidly, with third-party logistics providers
capitalizing on the incremental market. Driven by the steady growth of total retail sales and the rapid rise in
e-commerce penetration in Brazil and Mexico, the express delivery industry has experienced notable expansion. According
to Frost & Sullivan, in 2025, the total parcel volume of the express delivery industry in Brazil and Mexico reached 2.30
billion and 2.12 billion pieces respectively, representing year-on-year growth of 10.9% and 25.2% respectively. These
figures are expected to grow at CAGRs of 15.6% and 22.1% from 2026 to 2030, reaching 4.61 billion and 5.85 billion
pieces by 2030. In 2025, the number of parcels per capita in Brazil and Mexico stood at only 10.8 and 15.9 respectively,
representing a significant gap compared with mature express delivery markets, and indicating strong development
potential and growth elasticity. As an increasing number of e-commerce platforms accelerate their expansion into Latin
America, third-party logistics service providers enable e-commerce platforms and sellers to rapidly establish fulfillment
systems by providing mature localized operational capabilities. Leveraging economies of scale, these providers have
continuously optimized their cost structures, thereby continuously enhancing their value proposition amid the incremental
competition in Latin America.

4. The Middle East Region Exhibits High Economic Development Levels, Laying a Solid Foundation for the
    Long-term Growth of the Express Delivery Industry
Driven by consumption potential from economic development, the e-commerce and express delivery industries
in the Middle East are developing rapidly and simultaneously. In 2025, amidst global macroeconomic tightening
and complex geopolitical situations, the global economy maintained moderate growth. The Middle East region, despite
facing certain geopolitical fluctuations, maintained healthy economic growth driven by the parallel development of its
overall energy-based economy and diversification strategies. According to Frost & Sullivan, the combined nominal GDP
of the three Middle Eastern countries (UAE, Saudi Arabia, and Egypt) increased by 8.0% year-on-year in 2025, reaching
USD2.2 trillion, with nominal GDP per capita reaching USD14,000. Among them, the UAE and Saudi Arabia had the most
prominent nominal GDP per capita, i.e. around USD51,000 and around USD35,000 respectively.




                                                                                                                         17
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




This high level of economic strength creates excellent conditions for the healthy development of e-commerce
and express delivery. Growth potential is being unleashed at an accelerated pace. In 2025, the combined
e-commerce retail transaction value of the three Middle Eastern countries reached USD42.37 billion, representing a
year-on-year increase of 28.7%, achieving accelerated growth compared with the 25.3% growth rate in 2024.The
combined total parcel volume of the express delivery industry reached 0.99 billion pieces, representing a year-on-year
increase of 20.8%, achieving accelerated growth compared with the 17.9% growth rate in 2024.The combined parcels
per capita stood at 6.3, representing a significant increase from 5.4 in 2024.


II. BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

(I) Global Network Covering 13 Countries




                                                             China
                                                              2020




                                                              Thailand
                                                                2019

                                                                                                           Mexico
                                                     The Philippines                                        2022
     Egypt                                                2019
     2022
                                                                                                            Brazil
                                                           Vietnam                                           2022
     UAE                         Cambodia
     2022                          2019                      2018


Saudi Arabia                     Singapore
   2022                             2020


                                 Indonesia              Malaysia
                                   2015                  2018


The Company’s express delivery business spans 13 countries, covering seven countries across SEA, including Indonesia,
Vietnam, Malaysia, the Philippines, Thailand, Cambodia and Singapore, and China, as well as five countries of the New
Markets, including Saudi Arabia, UAE, Mexico, Brazil and Egypt. In 2015, the Company started its first express delivery
business in Indonesia, a massive archipelago country with more than 17,000 widespread and often remote islands. This
presented significant challenges to initial logistics operations. After overcoming these challenges, the Company entered
the markets of Vietnam and Malaysia in 2018 and further expanded to the Philippines, Thailand and Cambodia in 2019
and Singapore in 2020. In March 2020, the Company entered the Chinese market. In 2022, the Company replicated its
successful experience in other markets, expanding further into Saudi Arabia, UAE, Mexico, Brazil and Egypt.




18
                                                                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis




In 2025, the Company handled a total of 30.13 billion parcels, representing a year-on-year increase of 22.2%. The table
below shows the growth of the Company’s parcel volume in SEA, China and New Markets, as well as its market share in
these regions in 2025:

                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                                  Year-         2025            2024
                                                              2025                 2024         on-year       Market           Market
                                                        In millions           In millions       Change         share            share

 SEA                                                        7,658.8              4,563.2        67.8%          34.4%           28.6%
 China                                                     22,066.0             19,801.2        11.4%          11.1%           11.3%
 New Markets                                                  403.9                281.2        43.6%           7.5%            6.1%


Note: Market share is calculated based on parcel volume and is sourced from Frost & Sullivan.


As of 31 December 2025, the Company had approximately 19,300 outlets, representing a year-on-year increase of 200;
operated 246 sorting centers, representing a year-on-year increase of 8; equipped with 413 sets of automated sorting
machines, representing a year-on-year increase of 134 sets; operated more than 13,300 line-haul vehicles, including more
than 8,500 self-owned line-haul vehicles, representing year-on-year increases of 1,380 and 1,880 respectively.

(II) SEA
1. Accelerated Parcel Volume Growth, Solidifying the Number One Industry Position
In 2025, the Company handled 7.66 billion parcels in SEA, representing a year-on-year increase of 67.8%. According to
Frost & Sullivan, the Company has been the number one express delivery operator by parcel volume in the SEA market
for six consecutive years since 2020. In 2025, the Company’s market share in SEA was 34.4%, further consolidating the
Company’s leading position and competitive advantage in SEA. Looking ahead, the Company will continue to leverage
its first-mover advantage, ongoing empowerment from China’s express delivery experience, high-quality services and
competitive pricing to further increase its market share, and consolidate and expand its leading position.

Against the backdrop of increased investment by e-commerce platforms, independent third-party express
delivery service providers benefit significantly. As regional e-commerce competition becomes increasingly intense in
SEA, platforms’ demands for optimizing fulfillment costs are becoming more prominent. As an independent e-commerce
enabler, we leverage the economies of scale by integrating multiplatform order resources. By successfully transferring
China’s advanced express delivery operational experience to SEA, the Company has effectively reduced delivery costs,
thereby fostering the rapid expansion of the SEA e-commerce market and further increasing e-commerce penetration.
This model enables the Company and its e-commerce platform customers to achieve synergistic growth, which not only
significantly enhances the competitiveness of e-commerce platforms, but also allows the Company to continually gain
market share and maintain and expand its leading position in SEA.

We continue to expand our leading edge. Some smaller-scale express delivery service providers have been consistently
losing market share amid price competition in service quality, capacity, and pricing. With their declining market share,
these companies face diminishing economies of scale, making cost reductions difficult and progressively weakening their
competitiveness. The Company will maintain its competitive strategy to further capture market share and sustain an
absolute leading position.




                                                                                                                                     19
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




The following table shows top five express delivery operators (by parcel volume) in SEA in 2025:

                                                                                                           Parcel                   Parcel
           Express                                                                                      Volume      Market       Volume      Market      Year-
           Delivery        Business                                                                  (In billion)     share   (In billion)     share   on-year
 Rank      Operators       Model              Introduction                 Country Coverage              in 2025    in 2025       in 2024    in 2024   Change

 1         J&T             Regional Sponsor   An express delivery service Indonesia, Thailand,              7.66    34.4%            4.56    28.6%      +5.8%
                             Model              provider, established in    Malaysia, Singapore,
                                                2015                        Vietnam, Cambodia and
                                                                            the Philippines

 2         Company A       Direct Operation   A self-built logistics     Indonesia, Thailand,               6.22    27.9%            3.92    24.5%      +3.4%
                             Model              company for an             Malaysia, Singapore,
                                                e-commerce platform,       Vietnam and the
                                                which was established in Philippines
                                                2015

 3         Company B       Direct Operation   A self-built logistics for an Indonesia, Thailand,            1.13      5.1%           1.10      6.9%     -1.8%
                             Model              e-commerce platform,          Malaysia, Singapore,
                                                which was established in Vietnam and the
                                                2012                          Philippines

 4         Company C       Direct Operation   An e-commerce express Thailand, Malaysia and the              1.10      4.9%           1.00      6.2%     -1.3%
                             Model              delivery service provider, Philippines
                                                established in Thailand
                                                in 2017

 5         Company D       Direct Operation   A Thai state-owned           Mainly Thailand                  0.81      3.7%           0.77      4.8%     -1.1%
                             Model              enterprise providing
                                                postal services,
                                                established in 1883


Note: Market share is calculated based on parcel volume and is sourced from Frost & Sullivan.




20
                                                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis




2. C ontinuously Increasing Investment to Enhance Capacity and Service Quality, Growing Rapidly
    Alongside E-commerce Clients
Actively cooperating during the rapid growth period of e-commerce clients to deeply capture the dividends of
the e-commerce market. Leveraging the comprehensive logistics network it has established across SEA, together with
its highly cost-effective service strengths and strong customer relationships, the Company provides stable and efficient
logistics infrastructure supporting the rapid development of the e-commerce industry, thus continuously empowering
the high-speed growth of e-commerce customers. The Company consistently operates as a leading and neutral logistics
service provider, continuously deepening its strategic cooperation with several e-commerce platforms. In 2025, alongside
the increase in e-commerce penetration in SEA, competition among e-commerce platforms regarding buyers, merchants,
and market share intensified. Major e-commerce platforms implemented various user subsidies to attract users and
stimulate consumption, consequently driving simultaneous rapid growth in both e-commerce clients’ sales and the
Company’s parcel volume.

The Company continues to increase capacity investment in the SEA market to fully meet customers’ rapidly
growing express delivery demands. The Company persistently intensifies its investments in infrastructure construction,
expanding network capacity and enhancing regional coverage breadth. In 2025, the Company added 1,400 self-owned
vehicles and 13 sets of automated machines in SEA, further strengthening transportation capacity and sorting efficiency.
This ensures high service quality and stability during periods of rapid e-commerce client growth, guaranteeing smooth
network operation even during peak seasons. Consequently, the Company wins customer trust through excellent
fulfillment capabilities, continuously undertakes more incremental business, and increases market share.

Continuous improvement of service quality can meet the growing demand of consumers. The rapid development
and growth of the express delivery market in SEA led to an increasing demand for high-quality express delivery services
from consumers. The Company’s consistent high quality of service is an important advantage in market competition.
In particular, (i) in 2025, the Company’s average delivery time for parcels in SEA was further reduced by 4.3% as
compared to that in 2024, and the lost parcel rate continued to decline as well; (ii) in response to differentiated regional
market requirements, the Company has widely deployed cash-on-delivery (COD) services in SEA, effectively addressing
payment collection challenges. At the same time, through a systematic training framework and incentive mechanisms,
the Company continued to enhance the service quality of its frontline couriers, assisting e-commerce platforms and
merchants in increasing their product acceptance rates and strengthening customer relationships, thereby reinforcing the
Company’s market competitive advantage; (iii) the Company has actively localized its mature customer service practices
developed in China while continuously upgrading its information technology architecture. By building an integrated
logistics management platform, we have achieved digital integration across pickup, transit, transportation, customer
service and other processes, thereby fully enhancing operational efficiency through intelligent upgrades; and (iv) in 2025,
the Company further expanded and maintained its customer base. Its high-quality services enhanced its reputation and
brand image, and gained widespread recognition from various sectors of society. For example, the Company won the
Indonesia Customer Experience Award 2025 jointly awarded by SWA and Business Digest.




                                                                                                                         21
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




3. Improved Operational Efficiency, Further Cost Optimization, Entering a Virtuous Cycle with the Positive
    Flywheel
Scale effects and empowerment derived from the China experience have resulted in continuous cost
reductions, enabling the Company to offer more competitive pricing. The express delivery industry significantly
demonstrates economies of scale, with cost reductions dependent on the cost-dilution effects generated by economies
of scale. In 2025, the Company’s parcel volume in SEA increased by 67.8% year-on-year, with an average daily parcel
volume of 21.0 million, which further improved the utilization efficiency of key infrastructure and resources, such as
sorting centers, outlets and vehicles, and expanded the scale effect. At the same time, since entering the Chinese market
in 2020, the Company has continued to learn from the advanced industry knowledge, technology, and operational
management experience of China’s express delivery industry and systematically empowered it to SEA to continue to
reduce the cost per parcel in SEA. In terms of technology and equipment, the Company optimized line-haul route
planning in SEA and increased investment in automated sorting equipment to optimize transportation and sorting costs.
In terms of management, the Company actively optimized incentive systems for operational staff such as couriers to
improve pickup and delivery efficiency. In 2025, the Company’s average cost per parcel in SEA continued to decline from
USD0.57 in 2024 to USD0.48 in 2025. For specific optimization of operation, please see “Review of Financial Results –
Economic Benefits per Parcel”. The Company has achieved the sustainability of refined operation empowered by scale
effects and China experience, which will generate further cost-reduction potential.

The Company has collaborated with e-commerce platforms to establish more flexible pricing mechanisms,
creating a positive flywheel of “cost optimization – price reduction – business growth – further cost
reduction”, achieving a dual lead in both cost and market share. In terms of business model, the Company has
implemented a tiered volume discount pricing structure designed to attract greater parcel volumes from e-commerce
platforms. This approach enhances economies of scale and further reduces its costs, thereby enabling the Company
to offer more competitive price to its customers. At the same time, as a leading express delivery company in SEA, cost
reductions of the Company also contribute to increasing e-commerce penetration in SEA and lower local social logistics
costs, ultimately benefiting the entire e-commerce ecosystem including local e-commerce platforms, merchants and
consumers.

4. Continuously expanding Non-Platform Parcels
The Company actively expands its non-e-commerce platform customer base and continuously develops
diversified business scenarios. Non-platform parcels serve as a vital supplement to the Company’s network. The
Company’s existing customers include seller customers on social media, online business of chain stores, branded
customers and individual parcels. In 2025, the Company successfully expanded its non-platform customer base. The
Company aims to provide high-quality and cost-effective express delivery services to all customers, and grow together
with them, thus promoting the prosperity of various industries in the local market and fostering mutually beneficial and
sustainable growth.

5. Maintaining a Healthy Level of Profitability
With successful business development and operation leverage, the Company continued to show an attractive combination
of growth and profitability in SEA in 2025. The Company’s adjusted EBIT in SEA was USD537.5 million in 2025,
representing an increase of 77.5% as compared to USD302.7 million in 2024. The adjusted EBIT margin amounted to
11.9%, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.5 percentage points. In 2025, the adjusted EBITDA reached USD705.5
million, representing a year-on-year increase of 54.8%. The Company is an independent e-commerce enabler, providing
cost-effective express delivery services to all e-commerce platforms and continuously expanding its non-e-commerce
platform customers, with a continuous and rapid increase in parcel volume and market share. The Company steadily
reduced cost per parcel by continuing to expand its existing economies of scale, as well as by empowering SEA with its
express delivery experience in China. At the same time, the Company offers competitive prices to e-commerce platforms
in order to capture more parcel volume and share. The dynamic balance between price and cost has enabled the
Company to maintain a healthy and sustainable level of profitability in SEA.

22
                                                                                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis




(III) China
1. Continuously Consolidating Industry Position
Since entering the Chinese market in March 2020, the Company has continuously improved its express delivery network
and enhanced service quality amid a complex and evolving market and competitive landscape, thereby achieving
high-quality growth and maintaining a stable industry position. In 2025, the Company handled 22.07 billion parcels in
China, representing a year-on-year increase of 11.4%. In terms of parcel volume processed, the Company accounted for
11.1% of the market share in China, compared to its market share of 11.3% in 2024, calculated on a comparable basis.
According to Frost & Sullivan, the Company ranks No. 5 among express delivery operators in China, improving by one
position from sixth place in 2024.

Under the anti-involution policy framework advocated by the State Post Bureau, the industry competition
became more rational in the second half of 2025. The Company believes that following the intense price competition
in the first half of 2025, the implementation of the anti-involution policy has contributed to the healthy development
of the industry. As competition based on value, characterized by cost reduction, service enhancement and efficiency
improvement, replaced price competition, corporate competition has shifted toward service quality, network stability
and end-to-end cost optimization, which is conducive to the sustainable development of the industry. The Company will
proactively respond to industry policy advocacy, dynamically adjust its regional strategies in response to evolving industry
policies and competitive landscape, pursue high-quality development, and continuously consolidate its market position.

The following table shows top five express delivery operators (by parcel volume) in China in 2025:

                                                                                                     Parcel                   Parcel
                                                                                                  Volume       Market      Volume       Market      Year-
           Express Delivery                                                                     (In billion)     share   (In billion)     share   on-year
 Rank      Operators             Business Model                           Introduction             in 2025     in 2025      in 2024     in 2024   Change

 1         Company E             Network Partner Model                    Established in 2002       38.52      19.4%         34.05      19.4%         0%
 2         Company F             Network Partner Model                    Established in 2000       31.14      15.7%         26.57      15.2%      +0.5%
 3         Company G             Network Partner Model                    Established in 1993       26.14      13.1%         22.73      13.0%      +0.1%
 4         Company H             Network Partner Model                    Established in 1999       25.60      12.9%         23.78      13.6%      -0.7%
 5         J&T                   Regional Sponsor Model                   Established in 2019       22.07      11.1%         19.80      11.3%      -0.2%
                                   (supported by Network Partner Model)


Source: State Post Bureau of the PRC, Frost & Sullivan


2. Continuously Improving Business Structure and Optimizing Service Quality
As China’s express delivery industry maintained operations at a high scale, the Company has expanded its
diversified customer base. According to the data of the State Post Bureau, in 2025, the parcel volume of China’s
express delivery industry reached 198.95 billion parcels, representing a year-on-year increase of 13.6% on a comparable
basis, demonstrating continued resilience in market growth. Against this backdrop, the Company continued to refine
its business structure and further deepened its cooperation with e-commerce merchants across all platforms. Targeted
solutions were developed for customers, industry types and products with relatively weak coverage. The Company
promoted the growth of reverse logistics parcels and individual parcels through the development of service stations
operated by the Company and a variety of marketing activities, thereby increasing parcel volume while improving its
customer structure.




                                                                                                                                                       23
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




Continuously improving service quality, developing targeted solutions, and enhancing customer acquisition
capabilities. The Company is committed to continuously improving service quality, enhancing network efficiency and
stability, shortening the average delivery time for parcels, and increasing the proportion of same-day and next-day
deliveries. The Company focused on the mutual development of business on multiple e-commerce platforms, and
diversified its customer base through establishing a dedicated working group to develop branded customers. In addition,
the Company continues to enrich its product offerings and provide value-added services in response to customer
needs. For instance, the Company has expanded its cloud warehouse services, enabling greater coordination between
warehousing and distribution, extending the service value chain, optimizing warehousing and distribution fulfillment
timeliness, and improving customer loyalty.

3. Deepening Rural Coverage of the Express Delivery Network and Launching Consolidated Shipping
    Business in Hong Kong to Explore Structural Growth Points
Continuously strengthening express delivery network construction in rural areas to support rural express
delivery development. Since entering the Chinese market in 2020, the Company continued to expand the breadth
and depth of service coverage. Starting in 2025, the Company has assisted e-commerce platforms in developing rural
delivery services, which currently have been formally launched in 12 provinces, with the number of newly covered villages
continuing to increase. As of 31 December 2025, the Company’s coverage rate of express delivery to villages continued
to increase, ranking among the top in the industry, thus continuously improving the e-commerce shopping and express
delivery experience of rural consumers. At the same time, the Company solved delivery difficulties of agricultural products
in rural areas through a variety of projects to assist farmers to facilitate agricultural products to go out of the rural areas.

The Company continues to expand structural growth points in China, meeting the growing demand for
cross-border e-commerce in Hong Kong. Following the launch of the Company’s Hong Kong project in 2025, the
Company rapidly established its network by leveraging its global localization experience and strong execution capabilities.
Relying on its efficient express delivery network in mainland China, the Company directly extends its cargo consolidation,
transit and sorting capabilities in the Greater Bay Area to Hong Kong. At the same time, the Company continues to
expand last-mile facilities, including self-pickup points and self-pickup lockers, thereby deeply empowering platform
customers and achieving mutual growth. In addition, drawing upon its mature terminal networks overseas, the Company
has capitalized on Hong Kong’s status as a free trade port to undertake international logistics services.

4. Continuing the Optimization of Operations in Each Process and Maintaining Profit Resilience Amid
    Changing Market
The Company continued to carry out refined management and operation in China. With the combined effect of
economies of scale and optimization of operations, the Company’s cost per parcel declined from USD0.30 in 2024 to
USD0.28 in 2025, achieving continuous cost reduction. Please see “Review of Financial Results – Economic Benefits per
Parcel” for specific optimization of operations.

In 2025, the adjusted EBITDA of China’s business was USD363.3 million, compared to USD427.3 million in 2024, with an
adjusted EBITDA margin of 5.4% in 2025. At the same time, the adjusted EBIT for 2025 was USD93.9 million, compared
with USD147.2 million in 2024. In the first half of 2025, the intense industry competition put pressure on the Company’s
revenue per parcel. However, with the implementation of the anti-involution policy, the Company’s revenue per parcel
in the second half of 2025 remained relatively stable compared with the second half of 2024. At the same time, the
Company continued to optimize costs, offsetting the downward revenue pressure through cost reductions to maintain
profit resilience:




24
                                                                                         Management Discussion and Analysis




The express delivery revenue per parcel slightly decreased. The Company’s revenue per parcel in 2025 was USD0.30,
representing a decrease compared to USD0.32 in 2024. In the first half of 2025, intense competition in the express
delivery industry led to a continued price decline in the industry. However, due to the full response to the anti-involution
policy across multiple provinces nationwide in the second half of 2025, the industry competition became more rational.
In line with the changes in policies and industry competition, the Company dynamically adjusted prices across different
regions to maintain its competitiveness. Amid a complex and evolving industry competition, the Company insists on
doing what is difficult but right, and continues to optimize its parcel volume mix across various e-commerce platforms
and constantly enhance its product category structure. Leveraging its increasingly enhanced marketing capabilities and
cost-effective attraction of more high-quality and branded customers, the Company further expanded reverse logistics
parcels and individual parcels, thereby mitigating the impact of industry competition on revenue per parcel.

The express delivery cost per parcel continued to reduce. The Company’s cost reduction effect was significant, with cost
per parcel decreasing to USD0.28 in 2025 from USD0.30 in 2024, mainly due to the scale effect arising from the growth
of the Company’s business volume and the continuous refinement of operation and management in each operation
process. The significant increase in the number of automated equipment deployed by the Company in 2025 compared
to the end of 2024 achieved the expected cost optimization magnitude. The Company continues to benchmark against
the most efficient peer companies in the industry, keeps learning advanced management experience and technology
to quickly address the inadequacies in operational optimization of a young company while enhancing overall network
efficiency and robustness. The continuous decline in the Company’s cost per parcel has reflected the strong execution
capability of the Company, and the Company is confident that cost per parcel will continue to decrease to the industry’s
best level.

5. Introduction of Key Projects
Branded Customers: The Company continued to promote a special program for the development of branded customers,
with the core objectives of strengthening brand influence, enhancing market recognition, and optimizing the overall
customer structure. In 2025, the Company further deepened its engagement with branded customers, leveraging its
capabilities in delivering high-standard, customized service solutions alongside the effective execution of multi-dimensional
marketing initiatives. Strategic collaborations with leading brands across various industries, including Mercury, Blue Moon,
Yili, Mengniu, Camel, Be & Cheery, ERKE and Wuliangye, continued to deepen, resulting in growth in both the number
of branded customers and parcel volumes.

Investment of automated equipment in outlets: With the continuous surge in express delivery volume across the
entire network, the Company is vigorously promoting the widespread application of automated equipment in outlets,
aiming to comprehensively enhance the operational efficiency of outlets while effectively reducing the comprehensive
operational costs for both the Company and franchisees. To accelerate the automation upgrade process, the Company
has launched a series of support measures, including special subsidy policies and organizing professional teams to provide
equipment planning and customized solutions for outlets. Currently, the proportion of express parcels processed through
automated equipment at terminal outlets has achieved significant growth, with a significant increase in the number of
automated equipment deployed at outlets compared to the end of 2024, marking phased achievements in the outlets’
intelligent upgrade.




                                                                                                                          25
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




Unmanned Vehicles: The Company continues to promote the in-depth construction of an intelligent logistics ecosystem.
Through a combination of centralized procurement, subsidies and other supportive measures, the Company encourages
network partners to expand the deployment of unmanned vehicles in terminal delivery scenarios across key cities. In
2025, the Company’s unmanned vehicle network has covered multiple provinces and cities nationwide. In the future, the
Company will continue to scale up the deployment of unmanned vehicles to facilitate the intelligent upgrade of terminal
delivery. The application of unmanned vehicles will continuously drive the Company to form a positive cycle in service
quality improvement, operational efficiency enhancement and comprehensive cost control, providing customers with
comprehensive and intelligent modern logistics solutions. As of 31 December 2025, the Company has deployed more
than 1,000 unmanned vehicles across the entire network, with the overall scale still in a phase of rapid expansion.

Cloud Warehouse Services: To effectively meet the diverse needs of customers, the Company has expanded its
cloud warehouse services. Leveraging our robust global logistics resources and comprehensive business ecosystem, the
Company is committed to providing integrated warehousing and distribution services for global e-commerce platforms,
brand owners, and small to medium-sized merchants. The continued expansion of the cloud warehouse business
effectively extends the service chain, optimizes the efficiency of warehousing and distribution fulfillment, enhances
customer stickiness, and generates meaningful synergies with the Company’s core express delivery business. As of the end
of December 2025, the Company has established operations in 12 countries worldwide, with a total of 202 warehouses
covering over 770,000 square meters, including 173 warehouses covering 610,000 square meters in China.

Guangzhou Sorting Center: To optimize the sorting and transit efficiency in the Greater Bay Area, a key region
for express delivery and logistics, and considering the locational advantages of air-rail intermodal transport and road
networks, the Company constructed a sorting center in Huadu, Guangzhou, which officially commenced operations in
the fourth quarter of 2025. The Guangzhou Sorting Center covers a total area of 392 mu, with a floor area of 320,000
square meters and a daily parcel handling capacity exceeding 15 million. It is currently the Company’s largest self-built
logistics hub globally. The Guangzhou Sorting Center is equipped with industry-leading automated equipment and
intelligent management systems. Through three-dimensional layout, space utilization is significantly improved, and sorting
efficiency per unit area increased by 87%. During peak seasons, the system can intelligently switch sorting strategies
within 10 minutes based on real-time data, enhancing overall operational efficiency by approximately 30%.

(IV) New Markets
1. Benefiting from the Rapid Expansion of E-commerce Clients, Resulting in Accelerated Parcel Volume
    Growth
In 2025, the Company handled 403.9 million parcels in the New Markets, representing a year-on-year increase of 43.6%,
which marks accelerated growth compared with the 22.1% year-on-year growth rate in 2024, and its market share
increased from 6.1% in 2024 to 7.5%.

Capturing the growth opportunities of the e-commerce and express delivery industry, continuously improving
the pickup and delivery capabilities of express delivery network, and enhancing network coverage. The
e-commerce industry in New Markets remains in an early stage of development. With the gradual entry of cross-border
e-commerce platforms and the expansion of their local user bases, these markets are undergoing a critical transformation,
accompanied by increasing demand for express delivery services. The Company continued to intensify its investments in
infrastructure construction, with a view to building a comprehensive express delivery network with robust parcel collection
and delivery capabilities. By transferring its express delivery operation experience from China and SEA to New Markets,
the Company has effectively captured the dividends of the rapid growth of e-commerce and express delivery industries,
thus achieving rapid growth in parcel volume. As of 31 December 2025, the Company’s network coverage across major
local cities in New Markets reached 99%, essentially achieving full coverage.




26
                                                                                         Management Discussion and Analysis




Continuously developing and deepening cooperative relationships with cross-border clients, seizing
opportunities during periods when e-commerce clients enter and rapidly expand in new markets. Cross-border
e-commerce platforms maintain robust development momentum globally. The New Markets, characterized by high
economic development levels, significant consumption potential, and currently low e-commerce penetration, have
become hotspots for cross-border e-commerce development. The Company has established close cooperative relationships
in the New Markets with international cross-border e-commerce and live-streaming e-commerce platforms such as SHEIN,
Temu, TikTok, Shopee, Aliexpress, Kwai, and Trendyol. Through its comprehensive network coverage and high-quality
services, the Company assists these cross-border e-commerce platforms in solving logistics and delivery challenges. The
Company is poised to replicate the successful cooperation models developed with e-commerce platform clients in China
and SEA within the New Markets.

The Company values cooperation with local e-commerce platforms and expands its local e-commerce platform
customer base. Collaborating with local e-commerce platform clients enables the Company to enhance its coverage
of local merchants and consumers, thereby deepening its understanding of the local e-commerce and express delivery
ecosystem. This understanding allows for targeted network optimization, improving the health and stability of the
Company’s local network. Alongside the continuous growth of the Company’s parcel volume and the accumulation of
positive service reputation in the New Markets, its comprehensive competitiveness has gradually gained recognition from
reputable local e-commerce clients. For example, the Company’s cooperation with Mercado Libre, the largest e-commerce
platform in Latin America, in Mexico and Brazil in 2025, fully demonstrates its robust local network operational
capabilities and service standards.

2. Continuously investing in infrastructure development to enhance network stability and efficiency
As of 31 December 2025, the Company operated 44 sorting centers, 300 line-haul vehicles and a large number of
branch line vehicles, and approximately 2,000 outlets in the New Markets. In 2025, the Company continued to invest
in infrastructure development in the New Markets and optimized its outlet network based on the business conditions of
individual countries. The Company reduced 300 outlets in the New Markets to enhance network stability and efficiency.
The Company increased investment in automated equipment at transfer centers to improve network capacity and
operational efficiency, and deployed 9 sets of automated sorting lines in 2025.

3. Achieving First Full-Year Adjusted EBIT Turnaround from Loss to Profit
In 2025, the adjusted EBITDA of New Markets business was USD48.5 million, compared to an adjusted EBITDA loss of
USD43.0 million in 2024, with an adjusted EBITDA margin of 5.6% in 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 13.0
percentage points as compared to that last year, indicating a significant improvement in profitability. At the same time,
the adjusted EBIT for 2025 was USD3.8 million, while the adjusted EBIT recorded a loss of USD76.5 million for 2024. The
adjusted EBIT of New Markets business achieved a turnaround from loss to profit, mainly due to the increase in revenue
per parcel and the decrease in cost per parcel. In 2025, the parcel volume mix across different countries and e-commerce
platform partners in New Markets was still changing, and the Company continued to optimize its business structure.
By leveraging its highly cost-effective service offering, the Company attracted more high-quality customers, thereby
supporting pricing stability. At the same time, the optimization of cost per parcel was driven by economies of scale arising
from increased parcel volumes and ongoing improvements across various operational processes.




                                                                                                                         27
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




III. CORE COMPETITIVENESS OF THE COMPANY

1. An Independent and Open Global E-commerce Enabler
Leveraging its extensive logistics network, stable and reliable service system, advanced express delivery operational
expertise accumulated in the Chinese market, refined cost management capabilities, and in-depth insights into local
markets, the Company continues to deliver price-competitive logistics services across its target markets while fostering
the vigorous development of the e-commerce market in the regions where it operates. Currently, the Company has
established in-depth cooperation with leading e-commerce platforms such as Shopee, Lazada, Pinduoduo, Taobao, Tmall,
SHEIN, Mercado Libre and Temu, while also expanding collaborative partnerships with social e-commerce and short-video
live-streaming platforms such as TikTok, Kwai, Kuaishou and rednote. In its collaboration with e-commerce ecosystem
partners, the Company has always maintained a neutral and open cooperative stance and actively built diversified
strategic partnerships with a wide range of platforms.

The Company believes that the global e-commerce market will continue to expand, and the demand for e-commerce
express delivery services is expected to remain robust over the long term. Leveraging their ability to integrate parcels
across all platforms and the continuous expansion of parcel channels beyond e-commerce platforms, third-party express
delivery providers are better positioned to achieve sustained growth in business scale, thereby building more significant
technological barriers and cost advantages. The Company’s global network enables it to more effectively serve the
rapidly growing e-commerce markets by connecting merchants and consumers across different regions, allowing it to
continuously benefit from the long-term expansion of the e-commerce delivery market.

2. A Proven and Effective Global Expansion Model
Since its inception in Indonesia in 2015, the Company has rapidly established networks across 13 countries, developing
a global expansion methodology centered on the core principle of “China experience export + deep local adaptation +
close e-commerce ecosystem collaboration”. At the operational management capability level, the Company integrates
refined cost control capabilities and advanced express delivery operational experience forged under intense competition
in the Chinese market, systematically transferring and replicating them to SEA and emerging markets. Upon entering
a new market, the Company flexibly formulates development strategies based on local infrastructure conditions and
consumption habits, continuously investing in and optimizing the local network to improve operational efficiency.
Regarding e-commerce ecosystem collaboration, the Company has established deep cooperation with multiple leading
e-commerce platforms in China, SEA, and new markets like Latin America. The Company and its platform clients share
strategic alignment, mutual trust in capabilities, and a solid cooperation foundation, enabling the smooth continuation of
cooperation into newer markets.

3. Efficient Regional Sponsor Model
The Company will choose more efficient localized operation models, taking into account the local market conditions.
In SEA and China, the Company mainly operates on a regional sponsor model, under which, the national headquarters
assumes the functions of overall leadership and strategic management, while key operational functions of the network,
including sorting centers, line-haul transportation and pickup & delivery process, are operated by regional sponsors.
Drawing upon long-standing and deeply rooted partnerships with regional sponsors, as well as extensive practical
experience in successfully expanding operations across multiple markets, the Company has developed systematic
and well-structured capabilities in the centralized management of regional sponsors and network partners. Based on
long-term collaborative relationships, regional sponsors and the Company work together to develop local markets and
share the fruits of business growth.




28
                                                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis




The regional sponsor model enables the Company to facilitate efficient and refined network management. Regional
sponsors are able to fully leverage their local market knowledge and operational experience in their assigned regions
to independently and efficiently make business expansion decisions, thereby minimizing unnecessary management
barriers. Through close collaboration with regional sponsors, the Company can rapidly expand its network coverage by
utilizing their local resources and local experience, enabling efficient access to new markets. Benefiting from regional
sponsors’ accurate understanding of local market conditions and their ability to adapt strategies flexibly, the Company is
able to consistently deliver high-quality services to its customers. In addition, regional sponsors can assist the Company
in supervising and standardizing the management of network partners, thereby regulating outlets in accordance with
unified service standards and effectively ensuring the stability and consistency of service quality across the entire network.
This regional sponsor operating model has significantly enhanced the Company’s overall operating efficiency and has
effectively consolidated its market position in both SEA and China.

4. Providing Superior Quality Services to Meet Customer Needs
The Company is committed to providing high-quality logistics services to markets around the world. The Company
works closely with regional sponsors and network partners to build an efficient and stable service ecosystem. In terms of
capacity assurance, the Company continuously optimizes network density and resource allocation to ensure reasonable
transportation and distribution capabilities in both peak and off-peak seasons. At the operational level, by continuously
streamlining operational processes and improving full-chain efficiency, it enhances the efficiency and accuracy of
picking-up, transit, transportation and dispatching across all business segments. This improves dispatching timeliness and
fulfillment precision, delivering a stable, reliable, and high-quality logistics experience for consumers and clients through
standardized service procedures.

Providing differentiated and customized services and innovating upon its service standards based on local market
demands. The ability to rapidly extend service coverage to 13 countries and regions within a short period is primarily
attributed to the Company’s capacity to adapt to local market conditions. Upon entering a new market, the Company
designs products and service standards to align with distinct local needs by taking into account the prevailing local
conditions, such as the macroeconomic environment and infrastructure, based on the requirements of local customers
and consumers. For example, in SEA, the Company offers extensive cash-on-delivery services to address the low adoption
of online payments in local markets, facilitating broad connections between e-commerce partners and consumers.
In Indonesia and Malaysia, the Company provides courier services such as 365-day operations and 24-hour customer
support. In China, the Company collaborates with multiple e-commerce platforms to operate consolidated shipping
services for remote areas, significantly reducing freight costs and addressing the long-standing challenge of “no free
shipping” in such regions, while gradually expanding the coverage of these services. By working with e-commerce
platforms to lower courier costs in remote areas, the Company has alleviated the persistent pain points for consumers in
Western China, including “no courier service, high courier costs, slow delivery, and difficult access”.

The Company continuously monitors and optimizes a series of key business and service quality indicators and improves
the indicator system according to the actual situation. The Company continuously monitors a series of key service quality
indicators such as average delivery time, lost parcel rate and complaint rate, and is committed to continuously optimizing
such indicators. In SEA, the Company continuously improves its service quality indicators through a variety of measures
such as reducing the transit times, shortening the parcel transportation routes, increasing the frequency of daily deliveries
and monitoring and efficient handling abnormal parcels in real time. In 2025, the Company has won several honors such
as the “Corporate Image Award” and the “Delivery Courier Category: Service Quality Award 2025” in Indonesia, was
named the “2025 Best Last-Mile Company in the Middle East (2025年度中東年度最佳末派公司)”, and was recognized as
a “5A-Level Logistics Enterprise (5A級物流企業)” in China. These awards fully reflect strong recognition of the Company’s
services by local consumers and underscore its comprehensive capabilities and industry recognition in the global express
delivery sector.




                                                                                                                           29
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




5. Entrepreneurial and Experienced Management Team and Regional Sponsors
Our founder, Mr. Jet Jie Li, a serial entrepreneur with over 20 years of sales and entrepreneurial experience, is highly
supported by a professional management bench and extensive regional sponsor groups. Our regional sponsors also form
a pool of rich entrepreneurial and industry experience, bringing local know-how to our business and helping us execute
our customized market strategies. Bringing diverse perspectives and an international outlook, our regional sponsors work
closely with our management team to implement key strategic initiatives in our regions of operations and help us manage
the vast network.

Our management team is dedicated to cultivating employees and promoting leaders. The Company continues to invest in
employee training and skills development to promote the corporate culture and develop leaders with in-depth knowledge
of the Company, the industry, technology and local market needs. The Company also hires excellent talents to join the
Group and our country-level management teams, who are responsible for day-to-day operations in each market. Our
entrepreneurial and experienced management teams, dynamic regional sponsors and vibrant entrepreneurial culture will
continue to drive the Company to achieve the commercial success in all markets.


IV. COMPANY OUTLOOK AND STRATEGY

1. Dual-Drive of E-commerce Express and Non Platform Parcels, Consolidating Leading Position in
    the SEA Market
In SEA, the Company has been the number one express delivery company in SEA for six consecutive years. Moving
forward, the Company will continually provide high-quality services and competitive prices to further increase market
share and solidify our leading position. Specific initiatives include: (i) the Company will deepen our cooperation with all
e-commerce platforms, further increase our market share on various platforms, and continue to serve as the leading
express service provider for core e-commerce platforms, strengthen the stickiness of cooperation and grow together with
customers; (ii) the Company continues to develop non e-commerce platform customers such as social media merchants,
business parcels, personal parcels to serve as a complementary source, and continues to optimize its customer structure
to reduce reliance on any single business scenario; and (iii) the Company continues to systematically empower SEA with
its mature express delivery operational experience in China, continuously reducing costs of each operational procedures
through process optimization, technology transfer, and management upgrades. Such sustained empowerment of China
experience helps the Company consistently maintain its technological, experiential and cost advantages in SEA, thereby
securing its leading position in market competition.

2. E nhancing Brand Image and Customer Recognition in the Chinese Market and Optimizing
    Profitability
In the Chinese market, since establishing its express delivery network in 2020, the Company has steadily risen to rank fifth
in the industry. Moving forward, the Company will continue to build on this momentum, steadily advancing to enhance
and consolidate its market position by: (i) focusing on reinforcing its network foundation, enhancing service quality,
and continuously improving its brand image; meanwhile, it will provide industry-specific and brand-oriented solutions to
improve the acquisition and retention of high-quality clients, further elevating brand influence and customer recognition
to drive quality growth; (ii) continuously optimizing its operational network, with a focus on controlling cost per parcel,
particularly in core areas such as transportation and sorting per parcel, leveraging economies of scale and refined
operations to achieve sustained cost optimization.




30
                                                                                         Management Discussion and Analysis




3. Seizing the Opportunity of Rapid Growth of E-commerce in Latin America and Replicating the
    Development Trajectory of the SEA market
For the New Markets already covered, since initiating its expansion in 2022, the Company has continuously upgraded its
infrastructure to enhance both the range and density of network coverage, to ensure broader regional reach and meet
clients’ rapidly growing logistics needs. The Company aims to further strengthen its market position in the countries of
the New Markets by: (i) seizing the historic opportunity for express delivery growth driven by e-commerce globalization,
deepening collaboration with multiple global cross-border e-commerce platforms while actively expanding local
clientele; (ii) closely following trends in global e-commerce platforms as they increase investment in semi-custodial and
local-to-local business models, continuously enhancing pickup and delivery capabilities, and leveraging comprehensive
network coverage to provide solid service support for clients’ business model transformations; (iii) continuing to invest
in equipment of sorting centers, increasing line-haul vehicles, and optimizing terminal outlet layouts to comprehensively
enhance network capacity, aligning with rapidly growing market demand.

4. Maintaining Strategic Initiative and Further Exploring the Expansion into Other Regional Markets
For other new markets not yet covered, before choosing to enter a new market, the Company will conduct comprehensive
assessments, considering key factors such as population size, GDP, e-commerce penetration, the development status of
e-commerce platforms, and the local business environment. The Company will adopt business models tailored to local
conditions and pursue a reasonable return on investment. This ensures that our resources are directed toward the most
promising regions. The Company is initiating research into potential opportunities in regions such as other countries
in Latin America, Europe, and the North America. According to data from the International Monetary Fund (IMF), in
2025, the nominal GDP of Europe and North America reached USD29.7 trillion and USD34.9 trillion respectively, with
nominal GDP per capita standing at USD40,000 and USD67,100 respectively. Featuring high levels of regional economic
development and household consumption potential, these regions provide fertile ground for the development of the
e-commerce and express delivery industries. Major cross-border e-commerce platforms are gradually expanding their
coverage across these regions, creating strong demand for high-quality e-commerce express delivery services.

Through years of intensive practice in China, SEA, and new markets such as Latin America, it has progressively built
and refined its local logistics networks and infrastructure, accumulating, distilling, and systematizing a methodology
for express delivery operations adapted to local contexts. This has fully validated the execution capability and market
competitiveness of its organizational system. Building on this foundation, upon entering newer markets, the Company
possesses a strong capacity for replication and transfer. It is expected to closely align with the business expansion pace of
its key e-commerce platform clients, achieve scale growth in parcel volume, and progressively optimize overall profitability
through enhanced operational efficiency. Meanwhile, the Company’s strategic cross-shareholding with SF Holding
(002352.SZ/6936.HK) has promoted deeper cooperation between the two parties. By integrating the overseas and
cross-border logistics resources and terminal network resources of both sides, the global network coverage capability and
service efficiency have been enhanced, which is conducive to the Company’s expansion in overseas regional markets.




                                                                                                                          31
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




5. Empowering Overseas Operations with China’s Logistics Experience, Driving Continuous Cost
    Reduction through Refined Management
The Company continues to deepen refined management across all operational processes, strengthening its core
competitiveness through enhanced efficiency and cost optimization in pickup, sorting, transportation and delivery. At the
same time, the Company systematically transfers its mature and advanced express delivery technologies and operational
experience from China to SEA and other emerging markets, helping each region establish technological and experiential
advantages and achieve sustained cost reductions: (i) prudently advancing land acquisitions and sorting centers expansions
in key transportation hubs, continuously optimizing sorting center layouts and route planning to improve overall network
efficiency; (ii) increasing investment in automated equipment, promoting standardization and normalization of operational
procedures, leveraging real-time monitoring and data analytics to significantly enhance sorting efficiency and accuracy,
reducing manual errors, ensuring precise and rapid delivery of parcels, and driving overall service quality improvements; (iii)
steadily increasing the proportion of self-owned vehicles, strengthening the coordination and integration of self-owned
vehicles with third-party transportation resources, optimizing line-haul route planning and loading rates, and driving
continuous reductions in transportation costs; (iv) dynamically adjusting the density and location of terminal outlets based
on regional operational realities, optimizing delivery route designs, enhancing the capacity and operational efficiency of
individual outlets, and effectively achieving sustained reductions in terminal pickup and delivery costs.

6. Strengthening Brand Building, Actively Expanding Non-Platform Businesses, and Continuously
    Improving Profit Quality
In SEA and the New Markets, e-commerce platform customers provide the Company with a substantial parcel volume
base, effectively supporting the network’s economies of scale and diluting the cost per parcel. On this basis, the Company is
concurrently increasing its efforts to develop non-e-commerce platform customers, covering various groups such as social
e-commerce sellers, branded customers, and individual customers. These customers typically offer higher revenue per
parcel and profits, contributing to the continuous optimization and enhancement of the Company’s overall profitability.

In the Chinese market, the Company regards continuously strengthening brand influence and optimizing the
customer mix as long-term strategic directions. The Company persistently expands its base of branded customers and
small-to-medium-sized customer groups. Such customers exhibit strong loyalty and are more inclined to pay a reasonable
premium for high-quality services. The Company transforms its accumulated customer acquisition methodologies into
systematic training content, empowering its network partners. Simultaneously, it supports this with diversified incentive
mechanisms, working hand-in-hand with partners to improve customer quality and achieve synergistic growth in
profitability for all cooperating parties.




32
                                                                           Management Discussion and Analysis




V. REVIEW OF FINANCIAL RESULTS

1. Consolidated Income Statement for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 and the Year Ended 31
    December 2024

                                                                       For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                2025                 2024
                                                                             USD’000              USD’000

 Revenue                                                                   12,157,806          10,259,104
 Cost of revenue                                                          (10,695,131)         (9,180,889)

 Gross profit                                                               1,462,675            1,078,215

 Selling, general and administrative expenses                                (867,405)            (826,715)
 Research and development expenses                                            (62,443)              (48,889)
 Net impairment losses on financial assets                                    (26,875)              (11,266)
 Other income                                                                  12,398                10,227
 Other (losses)/gains – net                                                   (45,837)                8,971

 Operating profit                                                            472,513               210,543

 Finance income                                                                45,579               40,671
 Finance costs                                                               (148,217)            (126,175)

 Finance costs – net                                                         (102,638)             (85,504)

 Fair value change of financial assets and liabilities at fair value
   through profit or loss                                                    (106,197)               4,463
 Share of results of associates                                                  (254)                (352)

 Profit before income tax                                                    263,424               129,150
 Income tax expense                                                          (38,090)              (15,446)

 Profit for the year                                                         225,334               113,704

 Non-IFRS measure:
   Adjusted net profit                                                        425,387              200,333
   Adjusted EBIT                                                              566,115              301,283
   Adjusted EBITDA                                                          1,049,058              778,279




                                                                                                          33
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




2. Segment Information (Non-IFRS Measure)
The geographic segment information for the year ended 31 December 2025 and the year ended 31 December 2024 is
presented below:

                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                 New          Cross-
                                     SEA          China       markets        border      Unallocated        Total
                                  USD’000       USD’000       USD’000       USD’000         USD’000       USD’000

 Segment revenue                  4,501,804     6,709,703      870,222        76,077               –     12,157,806
 Segment cost                    (3,640,660)   (6,263,140)    (721,852)      (69,479)              –    (10,695,131)

 Segment gross profit              861,144       446,563       148,370         6,598               –     1,462,675

 Adjusted EBITDA                   705,523       363,301        48,491         4,477         (72,734)    1,049,058

 Adjusted EBIT                     537,511        93,855         3,777         3,929         (72,957)      566,115


                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2024
                                                                  New          Cross-
                                       SEA         China        markets        border     Unallocated         Total
                                   USD’000       USD’000       USD’000       USD’000        USD’000        USD’000

 Segment revenue                  3,220,892     6,388,135      575,550         74,527              –    10,259,104
 Segment cost                    (2,587,661)   (5,965,746)    (545,886)       (81,596)             –    (9,180,889)

 Segment gross profit (loss)       633,231       422,389        29,664         (7,069)             –     1,078,215

 Adjusted EBITDA                   455,630       427,290        (42,997)      (28,972)       (32,672)      778,279

 Adjusted EBIT                     302,744       147,199        (76,465)      (39,244)       (32,951)      301,283




34
                                                                                Management Discussion and Analysis




                                               For the six months ended 31 December 2025
                                                              New          Cross-
                                  SEA          China       Markets        border      Unallocated        Total
                               USD’000       USD’000       USD’000       USD’000         USD’000       USD’000

Segment revenue                2,531,449     3,573,183      507,848         46,594              –     6,659,074
Segment cost                  (2,021,277)   (3,266,239)    (403,015)       (44,472)             –    (5,735,003)

Segment gross profit            510,172       306,944       104,833         2,122                –      924,071

Adjusted EBITDA                 392,727       208,249        46,922         1,599         (36,020)      613,477

Adjusted EBIT                   302,944        80,908        21,343         1,387         (36,083)      370,499


                                                 For the six months ended 31 December 2024
                                                               New          Cross-
                                    SEA         China        Markets        border     Unallocated        Total
                                USD’000       USD’000       USD’000       USD’000        USD’000       USD’000

Segment revenue                1,700,905     3,389,875      283,958         22,670              –     5,397,408
Segment cost                  (1,354,959)   (3,181,375)    (289,316)       (29,275)             –    (4,854,925)

Segment gross profit (loss)     345,946       208,500         (5,358)       (6,605)              –      542,483

Adjusted EBITDA                 247,860       228,364        (35,156)      (21,739)          8,168      427,497

Adjusted EBIT                   167,963        87,604        (53,955)      (26,553)          7,981      183,040




                                                                                                               35
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




3 Revenue
3.1 Revenue by nature:


                                                                 For the year ended 31 December
                                                         2025         Percentage              2024         Percentage
                                                      USD’000                 %            USD’000                 %

 Express delivery services                          11,811,258               97.1         9,980,319               97.3
 Others                                                346,548                2.9           278,785                2.7

 Total                                              12,157,806              100.0       10,259,104              100.0


Revenue increased by 18.5% from USD10,259.1 million in 2024 to USD12,157.8 million in 2025, primarily due to the
rapid development of e-commerce, a diversified customer structure, and continuous improvements in service quality.
Revenue from express delivery services grew rapidly, with related revenue increasing by 18.3% from USD9,980.3 million
in 2024 to USD11,811.3 million in 2025. This was mainly due to the increase in our total parcel volume in SEA, China and
New Markets from 24.65 billion in 2024 to 30.13 billion in 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 22.2%. Other
revenue primarily includes cross-border transportation, sales of accessories and leasing income, etc.

3.2 Revenue by geographic segment:
The following table sets forth a breakdown of revenue by geographic segment, absolute amounts and as percentages of
total revenue for the periods indicated:

                                                                 For the year ended 31 December
                                                         2025         Percentage              2024         Percentage
                                                      USD’000                 %            USD’000                 %

 SEA                                                 4,501,804               37.0         3,220,892               31.4
 China                                               6,709,703               55.2         6,388,135               62.3
 New Markets                                           870,222                7.2           575,550                5.6
 Cross-border                                           76,077                0.6            74,527                0.7

 Total                                              12,157,806              100.0       10,259,104              100.0


SEA: Our revenue increased by 39.8% from USD3,220.9 million in 2024 to USD4,501.8 million in 2025, primarily due
to our parcel volume in SEA increasing by 67.8% from 4,563.2 million in 2024 to 7,658.8 million in 2025, with a market
share of 34.4%. The growth in parcel volumes is attributable to our continued deepening of relationships with our
e-commerce partners through the provision of high quality and price-competitive services, and our success in seizing
opportunities presented by the rapid growth of the e-commerce market and the rise of social e-commerce.




36
                                                                                         Management Discussion and Analysis




China: Our revenue increased by 5.0% from USD6,388.1 million in 2024 to USD6,709.7 million in 2025, primarily due
to the rapid increase of our parcel volume in China. Due to intense competition in the express delivery industry in the first
half of 2025, the Company implemented dynamic price adjustments across different regions to maintain competitiveness.
Under the guidance of “anti-involution” policies in the second half of 2025, price competition has eased down. Our
parcel volume in China increased by 11.4% from 19,801.2 million in 2024 to 22,066.0 million in 2025, and our market
share accounted for 11.1%. The increase in our parcel volume was driven by (i) deepening our cooperation with existing
e-commerce platforms and expanding our cooperation with other e-commerce platforms to diversify the sources of
packages; and (ii) improved service quality and enhanced brand image that facilitated the client sourcing abilities of ours
and our network partners.

New Markets: Our revenue increased by 51.2% from USD575.6 million in 2024 to USD870.2 million in 2025, mainly
due to the rapid growth of our parcel volume in New Markets. Our parcel volume in New Markets increased by 43.6%
from 281.2 million in 2024 to 403.9 million in 2025, and our market share increased from 6.1% in 2024 to 7.5% in
2025. The growth in parcel volume is mainly attributable to our expanding and deepening cooperation with cross-border
e-commerce platforms and local e-commerce platforms to capitalize on the new opportunities of the e-commerce market
growth and enhance the service quality by leveraging on our increasing network capacity.

Cross-border: Our revenue increased by 2.1% from USD74.5 million in 2024 to USD76.1 million in 2025. The
cross-border business primarily focuses on port-to-port line-haul transportation, providing customers with global freight
services through sea, land, and air.

4. Economic Benefits Per Parcel
SEA:


                                                                    For the year ended 31 December
                                                             2025        Percentage                2024         Percentage
                                                             USD                 %                  USD                 %

 Revenue per parcel                                          0.59              100.0               0.71              100.0
 Cost per parcel                                             0.48               81.4               0.57               80.3
 Including: Pickup and delivery cost                         0.32               54.2               0.36               50.7
            Transportation cost                              0.10               16.9               0.15               21.1
            Sorting cost                                     0.04                6.8               0.05                7.1
            Other cost                                       0.02                3.4               0.01                1.4


Revenue per parcel: Revenue per parcel in SEA was USD0.59 in 2025, compared to USD0.71 in 2024. The decrease
in revenue per parcel was primarily due to our strategy to share the benefits of continuous cost reduction with our
customers through strategic price adjustments, in order to maintain our competitive edge in the intensely competitive SEA
market, further increase parcel volume, expand market share, and solidify our leading position.

Cost per parcel: The overall cost per parcel in SEA decreased from USD0.57 in 2024 to USD0.48 in 2025, primarily due
to: (i) a 67.8% year-on-year increase in our parcel volume in 2025, which significantly enhanced the utilization efficiency
of our network infrastructure and further expanded economies of scale; and (ii) the systematic empowerment of our SEA
operations with advanced experience and technology systems from China’s express delivery operations, coupled with
continuous operational optimization across various segments.




                                                                                                                          37
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




Pickup and delivery: As of 31 December 2025, the Company had approximately 10,800 outlets in SEA and managed
approximately 1,400 network partners. The Company adjusted the density and location of its outlets based on local
operations to enhance the operational efficiency of each outlet. The Company focused on continuously optimizing its
management systems and structures to improve staff efficiency at outlets. Through a rationalized compensation structure,
such as adopting a volume-related pay model, it incentivized couriers to be proactive in pickup and delivery, working
together to provide customers with high-quality services. The Company’s pickup and delivery cost per parcel decreased
from USD0.36 in 2024 to USD0.32 in 2025.

Transportation: As of 31 December 2025, the Company operated approximately 5,800 line-haul vehicles in SEA,
of which approximately 3,100 were self-owned, representing an increase of 1,400 self-owned vehicles compared to
31 December 2024. The Company integrated resources from its self-operated fleet and third-party carriers to reduce
transportation costs while ensuring vehicle availability during peak seasons. The Company combined its China experience
with local business conditions for operational optimization, helping to optimize line-haul route planning, increase vehicle
utilization and loading rates, and continuously reduce transportation costs. Simultaneously, as parcel volume continues to
grow, the Company has strengthened its control over the vehicle type mix within its transport capacity, with a focus on
increasing the utilization of large-capacity vehicles. The proportion of vehicles measuring 9.6 meters and above has risen
year-on-year. In addition, the Company has improved vehicle load factors, thereby reducing overall transportation costs.
The Company’s transportation cost per parcel decreased from USD0.15 in 2024 to USD0.10 in 2025.

Sorting: As of 31 December 2025, the Company operated 121 sorting centers in SEA. The Company proactively
renovated and upgraded sorting centers as needed, investing in automated sorting machines at key sorting centers to
enhance sorting efficiency and driving operational performance through technological innovation. As of 31 December
2025, the Company had 64 sets of automated sorting machines in SEA, an increase of 13 sets compared to 31 December
2024. The Company’s self-operated equipment subsidiary operates globally, exporting China’s advanced express
delivery equipment and equipment systems to SEA. Simultaneously, the Company will steadily increase the proportion
of self-owned employees, continuously train sorting personnel in conjunction with the use of automated equipment,
strengthen the stability and competence of the core operations team to enhance sorting productivity per capita and
reduce labor cost per parcel. The Company’s sorting cost per parcel decreased from USD0.05 in 2024 to USD0.04 in
2025.

China:


                                                                   For the year ended 31 December
                                                            2025       Percentage                2024         Percentage
                                                            USD                %                  USD                 %

 Revenue per parcel                                         0.30              100.0               0.32             100.0
 Cost per parcel                                            0.28               93.3               0.30              93.8
 Including: Pickup and delivery cost                        0.18               60.0               0.19              59.4
            Transportation cost                             0.05               16.7               0.06              18.8
            Sorting cost                                    0.04               13.3               0.05              15.6
            Other cost                                      0.01                3.3               0.00               0.0




38
                                                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis




Revenue per parcel: Revenue per parcel in China was USD0.30 in 2025, compared to USD0.32 in 2024. In 2025,
the Chinese market faced complex changes involving industry “anti-involution” policy regulations and the competitive
landscape. The Company timely adjusted its competitive strategy, dynamically adjusting prices across different regions
to maintain competitiveness. Concurrently, through cost-effective services, the Company continuously optimized its
customer mix by developing high-quality customers such as branded customers, reverse logistics parcels, and individual
parcels, providing support for pricing.

Cost per parcel: China’s overall cost per parcel decreased from USD0.30 in 2024 to USD0.28 in 2025. In 2025, the
Company continued its refined management and operational optimization across all segments in China, learning from the
most advanced industry practices and implementing them, leading to a continuous decline in cost per parcel.

Pickup and delivery: As of 31 December 2025, the Company had approximately 5,200 network partners and operated
6,500 outlets in China, representing a decrease compared to 31 December 2024. The Company continued to consolidate
and replace network partners and outlets, promoted investment in automated equipment at outlets, and optimized
terminal capabilities to strengthen the healthy operation of individual network partners and outlets, enhancing the
capacity and stability of the overall express delivery network. The Company’s pickup and delivery cost per parcel was
USD0.18 in 2025, compared to USD0.19 in 2024.

Transportation: As of 31 December 2025, the Company operated over 7,200 line-haul vehicles in China, of which
more than 5,300 were self-owned, representing an increase of over 400 self-owned line-haul vehicles compared to 31
December 2024. The Company continuously increased investment in its self-owned line-haul vehicles, flexibly adjusted
the scheduling of self-owned vehicles and third-party carriers based on different routes to enhance vehicle management
efficiency. The Company increased its investment in self-developed technology, optimizing the configuration of different
vehicle types through real-time monitoring of parcel volume structure and route shipment status. The transportation cost
per parcel was USD0.05 in 2025, compared to USD0.06 in 2024.

Sorting: As of 31 December 2025, the Company operated 81 sorting centers in China, primarily through leasing. The
Company’s self-built sorting center in Guangzhou commenced operations in the fourth quarter of 2025. In 2025, the
Company invested in an additional 112 sets of automated sorting lines in China, significantly increasing the automation
rate, accelerating the deployment of automated equipment for terminal sorting at sorting centers and greatly enhancing
cargo sorting efficiency while reducing reliance on manual labor. Concurrently, by systematically enhancing the
management level of sorting centers, strengthening delivery quality, and optimizing the structure of self-owned personnel
in core positions, the Company comprehensively reinforced its operational foundation, driving a dual improvement in
network efficiency and service quality. Sorting cost per parcel was USD0.04 in 2025, compared to USD0.05 in 2024.

New Markets:


                                                                  For the year ended 31 December
                                                           2025       Percentage               2024         Percentage
                                                           USD                %                 USD                 %

 Revenue per parcel                                        2.15              100.0              2.05             100.0
 Cost per parcel                                           1.79               83.3              1.94              94.6
 Including: Pickup and delivery cost                       1.26               58.6              1.20              58.5
            Transportation cost                            0.24               11.2              0.31              15.1
            Sorting cost                                   0.26               12.1              0.33              16.1
            Other cost                                     0.03                1.4              0.10               4.9




                                                                                                                      39
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




Revenue per parcel: Revenue per parcel in New Markets was USD2.15 in 2025, compared to USD2.05 in 2024, primarily
due to changes in the structure of parcel volumes across different countries and e-commerce platforms in the New
Markets, as well as the continued increase in the number of high-quality, non-platform customers.

Cost per parcel: Cost per parcel in New Markets was USD1.79 in 2025, compared to USD1.94 in 2024. Apart from
the impact of changes in parcel volume structure, the Company maintains a highly optimistic outlook on the future
development of the New Markets. Consequently, it continuously enhances infrastructure development in New Markets,
adding 9 sets of automated sorting machines in 2025 to prepare for customers’ growing capacity needs.

5. Cost of Revenue and Expenses:
5.1 Costs and expenses by nature


                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                           2025                  2024
                                                                                        USD’000               USD’000

 Fulfillment costs                                                                     5,842,281             5,069,992
 Line-haul costs                                                                       2,167,133             1,841,330
 Employee benefit expenses                                                             1,750,909             1,385,283
 Other labour costs                                                                      752,034               647,684
 Depreciation and amortization                                                           482,943               476,996
 Short-term leases and service costs                                                     179,352               194,693
 Materials                                                                               124,723               115,892
 Impairment of property, plant and equipment                                              30,576                     –
 Advertising and marketing expenses                                                       11,922                13,810
 Auditors’ remuneration                                                                    2,170                 2,650
 Others                                                                                  280,936               308,163

 Total                                                                               11,624,979            10,056,493


Our total cost of revenue and expenses increased by 15.6% from USD10,056.5 million in 2024 to USD11,625.0 million in
2025, mainly due to our fulfillment costs and line-haul costs increased by USD1,098.1 million, which was in line with the
increase of parcel volume.

Fulfillment costs: With the expansion of our network and the increase in parcel volume, our fulfillment costs increased
by 15.2% from USD5,070.0 million in 2024 to USD5,842.3 million in 2025. Our fulfillment costs accounted for 49.4%
and 48.1% of our total revenue in 2024 and 2025, respectively.

Employee benefit expenses: Our employee benefit expenses increased by 26.4% from USD1,385.3 million in 2024 to
USD1,750.9 million in 2025. Our employee benefit expenses accounted for 13.5% and 14.4% of our total revenue in
2024 and 2025, respectively. The increase in employee costs was mainly due to the growth in the number of employees
driven by rising business volume, coupled with the average wages raise.

Other labor costs: With the increase in our parcel volume, our other labor costs increased by 16.1% from USD647.7
million in 2024 to USD752.0 million in 2025. Other labor costs accounted for 6.3% and 6.2% of our revenue in 2024
and 2025, respectively.




40
                                                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis




5.2 Cost by geographic segment


                                                                   For the year ended 31 December
                                                           2025        Percentage               2024          Percentage
                                                        USD’000                %             USD’000                  %

 SEA                                                   3,640,660               34.0         2,587,661               28.2
 China                                                 6,263,140               58.7         5,965,746               65.0
 New Markets                                             721,852                6.7           545,886                5.9
 Cross-border                                             69,479                0.6            81,596                0.9

 Total                                               10,695,131               100.0         9,180,889              100.0


SEA: Total cost in SEA increased by approximately 40.7% from USD2,587.7 million in 2024 to USD3,640.7 million in
2025. The increase in cost was primarily attributable to the significant rise in parcel volume, which grew by 67.8% from
4,563.2 million in 2024 to 7,658.8 million parcels in 2025, correspondingly driving up fulfillment costs.

China: Total cost in China increased by approximately 5.0% from USD5,965.7 million in 2024 to USD6,263.1 million
in 2025, primarily due to the increase in parcel volume from 19,801.2 million in 2024 to 22,066.0 million in 2025,
representing a year-on-year increase of 11.4%, leading to higher express delivery costs for fulfillment, transportation and
sorting.

New Markets: Total cost in New Markets increased by approximately 32.2% from USD545.9 million in 2024 to
USD721.9 million in 2025. The increase in cost was primarily attributable to the growth in parcel volume from 281.2
million in 2024 to 403.9 million in 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 43.6%. The increase in costs in New
Markets was in line with the expansion of business and higher network coverage.

Cross-border: Total cost in cross-border decreased by approximately 14.8% from USD81.6 million in 2024 to USD69.5
million in 2025.




                                                                                                                        41
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




6. Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin

                                                                    For the year ended 31 December
                                                                              Gross                                  Gross
                                                                              profit                                 profit
                                                            2025             margin               2024              margin
                                                         USD’000                 %             USD’000                  %

 SEA                                                     861,144                19.1           633,231                19.7
 China                                                   446,563                 6.7           422,389                 6.6
 New Markets                                             148,370                17.0            29,664                 5.2
 Cross-border                                              6,598                 8.7             (7,069)              (9.5)

 Total                                                 1,462,675                12.0         1,078,215                10.5


The Group’s gross profit margin increased from 10.5% in 2024 to 12.0% in 2025.

SEA: gross profit margin in SEA decreased from 19.7% in 2024 to 19.1% in 2025.

China: gross profit margin in China increased from 6.6% in 2024 to 6.7% in 2025.

New Markets: gross profit margin in New Markets increased significantly from 5.2% in 2024 to 17.0% in 2025.

Cross-border: gross profit margin in cross-border increased from a loss of 9.5% in 2024 to a profit of 8.7% in 2025.

7. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                              2025                   2024
                                                                                           USD’000                USD’000

 Employee benefit expenses                                                                  658,587               553,268
 Office related expenses                                                                     33,739                31,356
 Professional service fees                                                                   33,572                39,649
 Promotion and marketing expenses                                                            11,693                13,701
 Depreciation and amortization                                                               55,213                61,064
 Others                                                                                      74,601               127,677

 Total                                                                                      867,405               826,715


Our selling, general and administrative expenses primarily consist of (i) employee benefit expenses, including salaries,
bonus, other compensation and share-based compensation expenses related to employee benefits to our staff, (ii)
office related expenses, (iii) professional service fees including auditor’s remuneration and fees for other consulting
services, (iv) promotion and marketing expenses relating to branding initiatives and advertising activities, (v) depreciation
and amortization of our right-of-use assets in relation to the leases of our offices, and (vi) other selling, general and
administrative expenses.




42
                                                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis




Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 4.9% from USD826.7 million in 2024 to USD867.4 million
in 2025. This increase was primarily due to employee benefit expenses increased from USD553.3 million in 2024 to
USD658.6 million in 2025.

8. Adjusted EBITDA:

                                                                  For the year ended 31 December
                                                                       Adjusted                             Adjusted
                                                         2025           EBITDA               2024            EBITDA
                                                      USD’000                %            USD’000                 %

 SEA                                                   705,523               15.7          455,630               14.1
 China                                                 363,301                5.4          427,290                 6.7
 New Markets                                            48,491                5.6           (42,997)              (7.5)
 Cross-border                                            4,477                5.9           (28,972)            (38.9)
 Unallocated                                           (72,734)              N/A            (32,672)              N/A

 Total                                               1,049,058                8.6          778,279                7.6


The Company’s overall adjusted EBITDA increased by 34.8% from USD778.3 million in 2024 to USD1,049.1 million in
2025.

SEA: Adjusted EBITDA increased by 54.8% from USD455.6 million in 2024 to USD705.5 million in 2025. The adjusted
EBITDA margins for 2024 and 2025 were 14.1% and 15.7%, respectively. With a substantial increase in parcel volume,
the Company maintained a healthy and continuously improving level of profitability in the SEA market by continuously
expanding economies of scale and replicating successful operational experience.

China: Adjusted EBITDA decreased by 15.0% from USD427.3 million in 2024 to USD363.3 million in 2025. The adjusted
EBITDA margin was 6.7% in 2024 and 5.4% in 2025, primarily affected by market competition.

New Markets: The New Markets achieved a strong turnaround from loss to profit in 2025, with adjusted EBITDA
reaching USD48.5 million, compared to a loss of USD43.0 million in 2024. The adjusted EBITDA margin significantly
improved from a loss of 7.5% in 2024 to a profit of 5.6% in 2025. The rapid growth in parcel volume drove the
continuous emergence of economies of scale, leading to a fundamental improvement in profitability.

Cross-border: The cross-border business achieved a turnaround from loss to profit in 2025, with adjusted EBITDA of
USD4.5 million, compared to a loss of USD29.0 million in 2024. The adjusted EBITDA margin surged from a loss of 38.9%
to a profit of 5.9%.

Unallocated: Unallocated mainly consists of (i) general and administrative expenses, foreign exchange gains and losses
and other expenses incurred by group holding companies; (ii) the changes on fair value on the Group’s financial assets.
Unallocated adjusted EBITDA in 2025 was a loss of USD72.7 million, while the unallocated adjusted EBITDA in 2024 was
a loss of USD32.7 million.




                                                                                                                    43
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




9. Finance Costs – Net

                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                             2025                   2024
                                                                                          USD’000                USD’000

 Interest income from bank deposits                                                         45,579                 40,671
 Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                                    (30,595)               (31,330)
 Interest expenses on borrowings                                                          (117,622)               (94,845)

 Total                                                                                    (102,638)               (85,504)


The finance costs – net in 2024 was USD85.5 million, which increased by 20.0% to USD102.6 million in 2025, primarily
due to the increase in interest expenses on borrowings.

10. Other Income

                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                             2025                   2024
                                                                                          USD’000                USD’000

 Subsidy income                                                                              7,287                  4,748
 Interest income on loans to third parties                                                   5,111                  5,479

 Total                                                                                      12,398                 10,227


Other income primarily consists of subsidy income and interest income on loans to third parties. Subsidy income primarily
includes logistics development subsidies and talent subsidies, etc. Other income was USD12.4 million in 2025, compared
to USD10.2 million in 2024, with the increase primarily due to the growth in government subsidy.

11. Non-IFRS Measures
To supplement our consolidated results which are prepared and presented in accordance with IFRS, we use adjusted
profit/(loss) (a non-IFRS measure), adjusted EBITDA (a non-IFRS measure) and adjusted EBIT (a non-IFRS measure) as
additional financial measures, which are not required by, or presented in accordance with IFRS. We believe that these
non-IFRS measures facilitate comparisons of operating performance from period to period and company to company by
eliminating the potential impact of items, such as certain non-cash and non-operating items. The use of these non-IFRS
measures has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider them in isolation from, as a substitute for, or
superior to, our results of operations or financial conditions as reported under IFRS. In addition, these non-IFRS financial
measures may be defined differently from similar terms used by other companies, and may not be comparable to other
similarly titled measures used by other companies.




44
                                                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis




12. Liquidity and Financial Resources
The Group is committed to establishing a scientific, standardized and efficient liquidity and financial resources
management system and implementing unified financial policies and controls over its operating companies to ensure the
safety, liquidity and value-added of the group funds, so as to support the Group’s strategic development and safeguard
the rights and interests of shareholders, creditors and other stakeholders.

The Group’s functional currencies mainly consist of RMB, USD, HKD and IDR. As at 31 December 2025 approximately
76.0% of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents were denominated in these four currencies; the remaining currencies
include VND, PHP, THB, BRL, EUR and others.

The Group’s cash generated from operating activities in 2025 amounted to USD1,088.0 million, while the cash generated
from operating activities in 2024 was USD807.4 million. As of 31 December 2025, the Group had total cash and cash
equivalents of USD2,009.5 million and the total borrowings under current liabilities of USD813.7 million. The Group
continuously obtains quality financial credit in combination with the better financial environment in the location of
the operating entity. As of 31 December 2025, the Group’s unutilized financial credit exceed USD800 million, and the
Group’s available capital is sufficient to maintain the Group’s continuous and good operation.

As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s gearing ratio (the percentage of total liabilities to total assets) was 67.7% (31
December 2024: 65.4%).

13. Foreign Exchange Risk
The Group’s subsidiaries primarily operate in the PRC, Indonesia, the Philippines, Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam and other
countries. The transactions of those subsidiaries were generally settled in local currencies. Therefore, foreign exchange risk
primarily arises from recognized assets and liabilities in the Group’s subsidiaries in the abovementioned countries when
receiving or to receive foreign currencies from, or paying or to pay foreign currencies to overseas business partners.

For the Group’s subsidiaries whose functional currency is RMB, if RMB had strengthened/weakened by 5% against USD
with all other variables held constant, the profit before income tax for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024,
would have been approximately USD3,683,000 lower/higher and USD4,260,000 lower/higher respectively, as a result of
net foreign exchange gains/losses on translation of net monetary assets/liabilities denominated in USD.

For the Group’s subsidiaries whose functional currency is IDR, if IDR had strengthened/weakened by 5% against USD with
all other variables held constant, the profit before income tax for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 would
have been approximately USD4,661,000 lower/higher and USD7,708,000 higher/lower respectively, as a result of net
foreign exchange gains/losses on translation of net monetary assets/liabilities denominated in USD.

For the Group’s subsidiaries whose functional currency is THB, if THB had strengthened/weakened by 5% against USD
with all other variables held constant, the loss before income tax for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 would
have been approximately USD22,910,000 higher/lower and USD22,687,000 lower/higher respectively, as a result of net
foreign exchange gains/losses on translation of net monetary assets/liabilities denominated in USD.

For the Group’s subsidiaries whose functional currency is VND, if VND had strengthened/weakened by 5% against USD
with all other variables held constant, the profit before income tax for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024
would have been approximately USD8,582,000 higher/lower and USD9,986,000 higher/lower, as a result of net foreign
exchange gains/losses on translation of net monetary assets/liabilities denominated in USD.

For the Group’s subsidiaries whose functional currency is MYR, if MYR had strengthened/weakened by 5% against USD
with all other variables held constant, the profit before income tax for the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024
would have been approximately USD7,528,000 higher/lower and USD5,509,000 higher/lower as a result of net foreign
exchange gains/losses on translation of net monetary assets/liabilities denominated in USD.
                                                                                                                           45
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




For the Group’s subsidiaries whose functional currency is SGD, if SGD had strengthened/weakened by 5% against USD
with all other variables held constant, the loss before income tax for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 would
have been approximately USD1,639,000 higher/lower and USD1,715,000 lower/higher respectively, as a result of net
foreign exchange gains/losses on translation of net monetary assets/liabilities denominated in USD.

For the Group’s subsidiaries whose functional currency is PHP, if PHP had strengthened/weakened by 5% against USD
with all other variables held constant, the profit before income tax for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024
would have been approximately USD9,320,000 higher/lower and USD5,260,000 higher/lower respectively, as a result of
net foreign exchange gains/losses on translation of net monetary assets/liabilities denominated in USD.

14. Capital Expenditure
Our capital expenditures include our investments in property, plant and equipment, investment properties and intangible
assets. Our total capital expenditures were USD593.6 million and USD555.3 million in 2025 and 2024 respectively.

15. Capital Commitment
Capital expenditures contracted for as at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024 but not yet incurred are as follows:

                                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                                             2025                   2024
                                                                                          USD’000                USD’000

 Buildings                                                                                 113,718                 52,469
 Right-of-use assets                                                                         4,886                  4,039
 Vehicles                                                                                   35,315                 24,892

 Total                                                                                     153,919                 81,400


16. Material Acquisitions and Disposals of Subsidiaries and Associates
The Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures in 2025.

17. Employee and Remuneration Policy
The Group had 217,241 full-time employees as of 31 December 2025.

We offered our employees competitive compensation packages. We determine employee remuneration based on factors
such as qualifications, expertise and years of relevant experience. In accordance with applicable laws and regulations, we
currently participate in social insurance contribution plan organized by the relevant local governments, including but not
limited to, pension insurance plan, medical insurance plan, unemployment insurance plan, a work-related injury insurance
plan, maternity insurance plan and housing provident fund. We regularly provide our employees with training on ethics,
work processes, internal policies, management, technical skills and other areas that are relevant to their daily work. We
are constantly improving our training framework to empower and develop the careers of the various participants in our
value chain.




46
                                                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis




18. Pledge of Assets
As of 31 December 2025 we pledged restricted deposits of US$114.1 million, as compared to US$29.5 million as of 31
December 2024. We had also pledged certain equipment and land use rights to secure borrowings, details of which are
set out in Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements.

19. Significant Investments Held
Investments with fair value/market value of not less than 5% of the Group’s total assets are significant investments of
the Group. As of 31 December 2025, the Group held convertible bonds issued by Yimi Global Limited with fair value of
approximately US$479.6 million, which was included in the Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
and comprised 5.4% of the Group’s total assets. The total cost of the investment was approximately US$515.0 million.

Yimi Global Limited is a limited company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. Yimi and its subsidiaries are principally
engaged in the industry of freight less-than truckload delivery business, covering transportation and loading, unloading
and handling services. In addition to existing markets in China, Indonesia, Malaysia, and the Philippines, it has already
started its business in Vietnam and Brazil in the first half of 2025, with Thailand, the USA and Mexico on the blueprint.

Save as disclosed above, the Group did not hold any other significant investments as of 31 December 2025.

20. Future Plans for Material Investments and Capital Assets
As of 31 December 2025 the Group did not have plans for material investments or capital assets.

21. Contingent Liabilities
As of 31 December 2025 the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities.




                                                                                                                      47
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




V. Directors and Senior Management
PROFILE OF DIRECTORS
Executive Director
Mr. Jet Jie Li (李傑) (“Mr. Li”), aged 51, joined the Group in June 2015, is our founder, executive Director, Chief
Executive Officer and chairman of the Board. Mr. Li is responsible for setting the strategic vision, direction and goals of
our Group. Mr. Li has been a Director of Jumping Summit Limited (which is a controlling shareholder of the Company)
since January 2022.

Mr. Li founded the J&T brand in Indonesia in June 2015 and has since leveraged on the Group’s success to expand
globally. Mr. Li used his extensive sales and entrepreneurial experience to drive our Group’s rapid growth. Currently, our
Group’s core operations span 13 countries, including China, Indonesia, Vietnam, Malaysia, the Philippines, Thailand,
Cambodia, Singapore, Saudi Arabia, UAE, Mexico, Brazil and Egypt.

Prior to founding our Group, Mr. Li spent more than 15 years of his career with OPPO, a Chinese consumer electronics
and mobile communications company, where he was responsible for leading its global expansion efforts into Indonesia
as well as other Asian markets such as Singapore, Malaysia and Japan. He served as the founder and chief executive
officer of OPPO’s first overseas exclusive sales agent, PT. Indonesia OPPO Electronics from February 2013 to June 2015.
Previously, Mr. Li also served as general manager of Nanjing Baisheng Oppo Communication Equipment Co., Ltd. (南京百
勝歐珀通訊設備有限公司) from February 2008 to February 2013, where he was responsible for the distribution of OPPO
products in the Jiangsu and Anhui provinces; and as department manager at Jiangsu Baisheng Electronic Co., Ltd (江蘇百
勝電子有限公司) from January 1999 to February 2008, where he was responsible for the sales of audiovisual products. In
recognition of Mr. Li’s significant contribution, the OPPO headquarters established the “Jet Lee” award in honor of Mr. Li
to reward top salespeople in the global sales agencies.

Mr. Li obtained his bachelor’s degree in marketing from the University of Science and Technology Beijing, the PRC, in
1998.




48
                                                                                        Directors and Senior Management




Non-executive Directors
Ms. Alice Yu-fen Cheng (鄭玉芬) (“Ms. Cheng”), aged 64, joined the Group in May 2020, is our non-executive
Director. She is primarily responsible for providing strategic advice to the Board.

Previously, Ms. Cheng held various positions with Acer Inc., a Taiwanese computer manufacturer, culminating in the
position of financial controller, from August 1988 to December 2002. From December 2002 to May 2005, Ms. Cheng
served as a financial controller of Wistron Corporation, a Taiwanese original design manufacturer of notebook computers
and other electronics. From May 2005 to July 2021, Ms. Cheng served as the chief financial officer of Guangdong BBK
Electronics Industry Co., Ltd. (廣東步步高電子工業有限公司), a PRC-based manufacturer of audio-visual equipment,
telephones and learning machines.

Ms. Cheng has been serving as an independent director of NetEase, Inc. (NASDAQ: NTES; HKEX: 9999) since June 2007
and is currently a member of the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee, and the Chairman
of Environmental, Social and Governance Committee.

Ms. Cheng obtained a bachelor’s degree in Accounting from the Chinese Culture University in Taiwan in June 1983 and
a master’s degree in Business Administration in International Management from Thunderbird, the American Graduate
School of International Management in December 2003. Ms. Cheng also received her license as a certified public
accountant in Taiwan and the mainland of China in August 1993 and December 1994, respectively.

Ms. Qinghua Liao (廖清華) (“Ms. Liao”), aged 55, joined the Group in March 2022, is our non-executive Director. She is
primarily responsible for providing strategic advice to the Board.

Prior to joining our Group, Ms. Liao held various positions in Zhongshan Xiaobawang Electronic Industry Co., Ltd. (中山
小霸王電子工業有限公司), including development officer and assistant general manager, from April 1994 to July 1995.
Ms. Liao then joined Guangdong BBK Electronics Industry Co., Ltd. (廣東步步高電子工業有限公司), where she spent
more than 10 years of her career from August 1995 to October 2005, in different roles including the head of the human
resources department, head of the adjustment and planning department, general manager, assistant factory director for
the electronic gaming branch and head of the total quality management department for the electronic gaming branch,
where she oversaw the operations and quality control processes within the company. She then joined BBK Education
Electronics Co., Ltd. (步步高教育電子有限公司), where she served as head of the systems management department from
November 2005 to July 2015 and chief information officer from July 2015 to March 2020. Ms. Liao has served as the
operations manager of Guangdong Xiaotiancai Technology Co., Ltd. (廣東小天才科技有限公司) since March 2020.

Ms. Liao obtained her bachelor’s degree in Information Management from Central China Normal University, the PRC in
July 1992.

Mr. Yuan Zhang (張源) (“Mr. Zhang”), aged 57, joined the Group in May 2020, is our non-executive Director. He is
primarily responsible for providing strategic advice to the Board.

Mr. Zhang served as the general manager of the Nanjing Branch of Zhongshan Xiaobawang Electronic Industry Co., Ltd.
(中山市小霸王電子工業有限公司南京分公司) from December 1991 to December 1996. He has served as the founder,
chairman and general manager of Jiangsu Baisheng Electronic Co., Ltd (江蘇百勝電子有限公司) since January 1997.

Mr. Zhang obtained a bachelor’s degree in electronic engineering where he majored in radio technology, from Shanghai
Jiao Tong University, the PRC, in July 1990.




                                                                                                                    49
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Erh Fei Liu (劉二飛) (“Mr. Liu”), aged 67, joined the Group on 27 October 2023, is an independent non-executive
Director of our Company. He is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent judgement to the Board
and serving as chairman and members of certain committees of the Board.

Mr. Liu is currently chief executive officer and founding partner of Asia Investment Capital (the manager of Asia
Investment Fund). He was previously a co-founder of Cindat Capital Management Limited (“Cindat”), a global real estate
investment platform. Prior to founding Cindat, Mr. Liu had a successful career as an investment banker. Mr. Liu worked as
senior management in various financial institutions such as the head of investment banking for China at Goldman Sachs
Group, Inc., the Managing Director of Merrill Lynch (Asia Pacific) Limited and the chairman of China region of Merrill
Lynch Group. He was awarded the Asian Banker Skills-based Achievements Award in investment banking in 2006 by The
Asian Banker.

Mr. Liu has been an independent non-executive Director of VNET Group, Inc. (formerly known as 21Vianet Group, Inc.,
NASDAQ: VNET) since May 2015; and Frontage Holdings Corporation (HKEX: 1521) since April 2018. Mr. Erh Fei Liu was
an independent non-executive Director of Fortunet e-Commerce Group Limited (now known as Changyou Alliance Group
Limited, HKEX: 1039), from March 2015 to April 2017; Jiangxi Copper Company Limited (HKEX: 0358 and SSE: 600362)
from July 2016 to October 2022; and Qingling Motors Co. Ltd (HKEX: 1122) from May 2015 to June 2024.

Mr. Liu graduated from Harvard Business School, the United States, in June 1987 with a master’s degree in business
administration.

Mr. Peng Shen (沈鵬) (“Mr. Shen”), aged 38, joined the Group on 27 October 2023, is an independent non-executive
Director of our Company. He is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent judgement to the Board
and serving as chairman and members of certain committees of the Board.

Mr. Shen is the founder and currently serves as the chairman of board of directors and chief executive officer of
Waterdrop Inc. (NYSE: WDH). Prior to founding Waterdrop in 2016, in January 2010, Mr. Shen joined Meituan (HKSE:
03690), a leading e-commerce platform in China, at its early stage. He was also one of the founding team members
of Meituan Waimai, which provides food delivery services. Mr. Shen participated in the operations of Meituan Waimai
from September 2013 to April 2016, where he was responsible for different matters including internet R&D, formulating
operational rules, and establishing and managing the business systems. In honor of his contributions to China’s insurtech
industry, digital clinical trial solutions business and other fields, as well as the establishment and operation of Waterdrop,
Mr. Shen was named to Fortune China’s list of the “2020 40 under 40 in China” and World Economic Forum’s list of “2022
Young Global Leaders”.

Mr. Shen received a master’s degree in retail management from NEOMA Business School, France, in October 2013, an
EMBA from Tsinghua University School of Economics and Management, PRC, in July 2019 and the degree of Doctor of
Hotel and Tourism Management from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University in September 2022.




50
                                                                                             Directors and Senior Management




Mr. Peter Lai Hock Meng (賴學明) (“Mr. Lai”), aged 70, is an independent non-executive Director. Mr. Lai has been
appointed as an independent non-executive Director since 18 May 2024.

Mr. Lai is currently a panel member of the Inquiry Committee of the Law Society of Singapore, the chief advisor and
chairman of HML Consulting Group Pte Ltd, the independent director and deputy chairman of the investment committee
of Char Yong (Dabu) Foundation Limited. Mr. Lai has served as the chairman and independent non-executive director,
the chairman of nominating committee and the member of the audit committee and remuneration committee of CASA
Holdings Limited (SGX-ST: C04) since March 2022, the independent non-executive director and the member of the audit
committee, nominating committee and remuneration committee of DARCO Water Technologies Limited (SGX-ST: BLR)
since July 2023, and the independent non-executive director of mm2 Asia Ltd. (SGX-ST: 1B0) since August 2024.

Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Lai had served as the managing director of Morgan Grenfell Asia & Partners Securities, the
managing director of SocGen-Grosby Securities, and the regional market manager and vice president of private banking
in OCBC Singapore. Mr. Lai had hold positions in the board of directors of several companies listed on securities markets
in Singapore, Hong Kong and the United Kingdom, including Delong Holdings Limited (SGX-ST: BQO, delisted from the
SGX-ST in September 2019), Success Dragon International Holdings Limited (the Stock Exchange: 1182), PureCircle Ltd
(LSE: PURE, delisted from the London Stock Exchange in July 2020), etc.

Mr. Lai obtained a bachelor degree in arts major in economics from University of Cambridge in the United Kingdom in
June 1980, and was conferred a master degree from University of Cambridge in the United Kingdom in February 1984.
Mr. Lai is a chartered financial analyst with the CFA Institute in the United States of America since September 1992.


PROFILES OF SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. Jet Jie Li, is our founder, executive Director, chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. For details of Mr. Li’s
biography, please see “Executive Director” above.

Mr. Steven Suzhou Fan (樊蘇洲) (“Mr. Fan”), aged 40, is our Executive President and is responsible for the overall
strategic planning, organizational development and overseeing the business operations of our Group.

Mr. Fan joined our Group in June 2015, and served as the regional sponsor in Bandung of West Java, Indonesia from June
2015 to September 2019, where he was responsible for coordinating the express delivery business in that region. Mr. Fan
has served as our Executive President since January 2019.

Prior to joining our Group, Mr. Fan was a business supervisor at Nanjing Baisheng Oppo Communication Equipment Co.,
Ltd. (南京百勝歐珀通訊設備有限公司) from January 2009 to March 2013, where he was responsible for the distribution
of OPPO products in the Jiangsu province. He served as general manager of West Java at PT. Indonesia OPPO Electronics
from February 2013 to June 2015.

Mr. Fan obtained a bachelor’s degree in marketing from Henan Normal University, the PRC, in July 2008.




                                                                                                                           51
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




Mr. Charles Junyi Hou (后軍儀) (“Mr. Hou”), aged 57, is our Vice President. Mr. Hou joined our Group in October
2019 as Vice President and is responsible for the overall strategic planning, general management and execution of the
business operations of our Group.

Mr. Hou has extensive experience in the logistics and international and domestic express delivery industries. He spent
more than 15 years of his career with DHL – Sinotrans Ltd. (“DHL Express”), where he held various roles across multiple
business units spanning information technology, gateway operations and ground operations before culminating in the
position of Greater China Area Senior Adviser.

Mr. Hou then joined Shunfeng Express (Group) Limited (順豐速運（集團）有限公司), where he served as operations
director from October 2010 to October 2013. He then served as senior operations director of YTO Express (Logistics)
Co., Ltd (圓通速遞有限公司) from April 2014 to September 2015. Mr. Hou then expanded his career experience as an
independent management consultant. He then served as the co-founder and vice president of Shanghai Baisong Internet
of Things Technology Co., Ltd. (上海佰頌物聯網科技有限公司) from April 2017 to July 2018. From July 2018 to October
2019, he served as deputy general manager of On Time Promise (承諾達特快) business unit in the YTO Group (圓通蛟龍
集團).

Mr. Hou obtained his bachelor’s degree in computer science from Shanghai Science and Technology University (currently
known as Shanghai University), the PRC, in July 1989. He further obtained a master’s degree of business administration
from the joint MBA program between Webster University, the United States and Shanghai University of Finance and
Economics, in December 2009.

Mr. Dylan Say Keong Tey (鄭世強) (“Mr. Tey”), aged 48, joined our Group in August 2021 as chief financial officer of
the Company. He is responsible for overseeing our Group’s finance, legal, investments and capital market activities. He
has more than 20 years of financial and industry-related experience.

Mr. Tey started his career with Ernst & Young, Malaysia in January 1999 to October 2004, and last held the position of
audit manager. He joined PricewaterhouseCoopers ZhongTian LLP (“PwC China”) in November 2004 as audit manager,
and was admitted to partnership in July 2011. From July 2011 to March 2018, Mr. Tey served as an audit partner in PwC
China with focusing on the technology industry, while also managing the firm’s relationship with a number of venture
capital firms, and was a member of its private equity leadership team. He was the chief financial officer of We Doctor
Holdings Limited, an online healthcare services company in China, from April 2018 to April 2019. Mr. Tey was the co-
chief financial officer and senior vice president of Hello Inc. from May 2019 to August 2021, responsible for its finance
and legal functions.

Mr. Tey received his bachelor’s degree with a double major in accounting and finance from University of New South
Wales, Australia in December 1998. He has been a member of the Chartered Accountants Australia & New Zealand and
member of Malaysian Institute of Accountants since June 2002 and July 2002, respectively. Mr. Tey became a Certified
Public Accountant in Hong Kong in January 2012 and he was admitted as a Fellow of Chartered Accountants Australia &
New Zealand in November 2017.




52
                                                                                           Directors and Senior Management




JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Ms. Quanxi Shang (尚泉汐) (“Ms. Shang”), has been appointed as the joint company secretary of the Company since
19 August 2024.

Ms. Shang joined the Group in October 2021. As of February 2026, she served as the director of legal and compliance of
the Company, primarily responsible for overseeing the legal and compliance affairs of the Group. Ms. Shang is currently
responsible for the operation and expansion of the Group’s overseas business, and will continue to provide legal advice
and support for the Group’s investment and financing projects, and assisting with the Company’s information disclosure.

Before joining the Company, Ms. Shang worked successively as a senior investment manager and a vice president at
China Financial Services Holdings Limited (中國金融投資管理有限公司) (a company listed on the Stock Exchange, stock
code: 605) from September 2018 to June 2021. From July 2017 to September 2018, she was a Senior Investment
Manager at China Shun Ke Long Holdings Limited (中國順客隆控股有限公司) (a company listed on the Stock Exchange,
stock code: 974). Between November 2016 and June 2017, Ms. Shang worked as a Corporate Finance Manager at Hong
Kong International Capital Management Limited (香港國際資本管理有限公司). Prior to that, she served as Assistant to
the Senior Partner at W K TO & CO SOLICITORS (杜偉強律師事務所) from July 2013 to October 2016.

Ms. Shang is a fellow member of both The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and The Chartered Governance
Institute in the United Kingdom. In addition, she obtained her double bachelor’s degrees in international politics and laws
from Nanjing University in 2011 and her master of laws degree in international economic law from The Chinese University
of Hong Kong in 2012.

Mr. Ching Kit Cheng (鄭程傑) (“Mr. Cheng”), has been appointed as the joint company secretary of the Company
since 19 August 2024.

Mr. Cheng is an assistant vice president of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited, a professional services
provider specialising in corporate services, and has over 13 years of experience in corporate secretarial field. He is an
associate member of both The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and The Chartered Governance Institute in
the United Kingdom. In addition, he holds a bachelor of commerce degree in finance from the University of Queensland,
Australia and a master of laws degree in Chinese law from the University of Hong Kong.




                                                                                                                        53
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




VI. Directors’ Report
The Board is pleased to present this report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for
the Reporting Period.


PRIMARY BUSINESS
The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability on 24 October
2019, and its Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 27 October 2023. The Company is the
holding company of the Group with businesses conducted through its subsidiaries and Consolidated Affiliated Entities
controlled by the Company via the Contractual Arrangements. The Group is a global logistics service provider.


BUSINESS REVIEW
The business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 is set out in the section headed “Management
Discussion and Analysis” in this annual report. The main risks and uncertainties with which the Group may be faced are
set out in the section headed “Directors’ Report – main risks and uncertainties” in this annual report.


RESULTS AND DIVIDEND
The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in the consolidated income statement on page
233 of this annual report.

The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2025. During
the Reporting Period, none of the Shareholders waived or agreed to waive any dividends.


SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the Company’s Shares issued during the Reporting Period are set out in Note 24 to the consolidated financial
statements in this annual report.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set
out in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.




54
                                                                                                            Directors’ Report




FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A summary of the condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income, and condensed consolidated balance
sheets of the Group is set out in the section headed “Financial Summary” in this annual report.


COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS
To the knowledge of the Board, the Group was in all material respects in compliance with the laws and regulations that
have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group during the Reporting Period.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
For details of the Company’s environmental protection, social responsibility, employee benefit and development, please
refer to the section headed “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” in this annual report.


CHARITABLE AND OTHER DONATIONS
During the Reporting Period, the Group made a total donation of approximately US$2.8 million.

PRIMARY RELATIONSHIP WITH EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
Employees
We offer our employees competitive compensation packages and a merit-based work environment that encourages
initiative, and as a result, we have generally been able to attract and retain qualified personnel and maintain a stable core
management team. In addition, as required by applicable regulations, we participate in various government statutory
employee benefit plans.

Customers
For our express delivery services, our customers include our network partners, e-commerce platforms, certain enterprise
and individual customers, as well as our unconsolidated regional operating entities. For our cross-border services, our
customers also include freight forwarders who place orders on behalf of their end customers. Our direct customers are
primarily our network partners, e-commerce platforms, unconsolidated regional operating entities and other enterprise
customers and individuals which require customized express delivery services.

Suppliers
Our suppliers primarily include service providers of third-party transportation services, human resources services and
express delivery services, including our network partners and unconsolidated regional operating entities.




                                                                                                                          55
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




MAIN RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
The following list summarizes certain main risks and uncertainties with which the Group are faced:

• Our business and growth are highly dependent on the development of the e-commerce industry in the markets where
  we operate. Future developments of the e-commerce industry, to a significant extent, would depend on improvements
  in transportation and logistics infrastructure, developments of electronic payment system, government policies that
  govern the e-commerce industry including the social e-commerce sector, and other factors that are beyond our control;

• We face risks and challenges in managing global operations, entering into and expanding across a number of countries,
  which are caused by distance, cultural differences, underdeveloped infrastructure, industry competition and other
  factors;

• During the Reporting Period, we generated a majority of our parcels from or through e-commerce platforms. If we
  are unable to retain our status as a preferred service provider for e-commerce platforms and the merchants on these
  e-commerce platforms, our business volume may decrease significantly, which could adversely affect our business and
  results of operations;

• The behaviors of our regional sponsors, unconsolidated regional operating entities, network partners, and their
  employees and personnel could adversely affect our customer satisfaction, reputation, operations and financial
  performance;

• Possible impairment losses related to intangible assets, trade receivables, prepayments, other receivables and other assets
  may adversely affect our financial condition;

• The intense competition we face may adversely affect our operating results and market share;

• Any service disruption experienced by our sorting centers or the pickup and delivery outlets may adversely affect our
  operations;

• Telecommunications failures, errors encountered during system upgrades or system expansions, computer viruses,
  hacking or other attempts to disrupt our technology systems may materially and adversely affect our business,
  reputation, financial condition and results of operations;

• Illegal acts or misconduct by our third-party service providers could materially and adversely affect our reputation, brand
  image, business and financial condition;

• The impact of seasonal patterns and other events peculiar to the jurisdictions where we operate may cause our results
  of operations to fluctuate from time to time due to seasonality;

• Certain lease properties may not be renewed upon the expiration of the current term, and if we are unable to relocate
  the affected operations, our business and operations may be adversely affected;

• Labor unrest may affect general labor market conditions or result in changes to labor laws, which in turn could
  materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations; and

• Changes in the economic, political or social conditions or government policies of the geographic markets in which we
  operate could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations.

• We operate in the Middle East region, where the geopolitical situation is complex and volatile. This may have an adverse
  impact on the stability of the Company’s logistics channels, transportation routes and cargo delivery, as well as the
  continuity of business operations in the Middle East.


56
                                                                                                                                                          Directors’ Report




LISTING ON THE HONG KONG STOCK EXCHANGE
On 27 October 2023, the Company was listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The Company
issued a total of 326,550,400 Class B Shares with par value of US$0.000002 each to Hong Kong and overseas investors
at the offer price of HK$12.00 per Share in the Global Offering, comprising 32,655,200 Hong Kong offer shares and
293,895,200 international offer shares. The closing market price on the Listing Date was HK$12.00 per Share. The
Overall Coordinator (on behalf of the International Underwriters) did not exercise the Over-Allotment Option during the
stabilizing period.


USE OF PROCEEDS
Based on the offer price of HK$12.00 per offer Share, the net proceeds of the Global Offering received by the Company
(after deducting the underwriting fees, commission charges and estimated expenses payable by the Company in relation
to the Global Offering) amounted to HK$3,553.50 million, which will be used according to the purposes of the proceeds
from the Global Offering disclosed in the prospectus. The use purposes are set out below:

• approximately 30%, or HK$1,066.05 million, will be used to expand our logistics networks, improve our infrastructure,
  and strengthen our sorting and warehouse capacity and capabilities in Southeast Asia and other existing markets;

• approximately 30%, or HK$1,066.05 million, will be used to expand in new markets and diverse our service offering;

• approximately 30%, or HK$1,066.05 million, will be used for research and development and technology innovations;
  and

• approximately 10%, or HK$355.35 million, will be used for general corporate purposes and working capital needs.

Since the Listing Date and up to the date of this annual report, there has been no change in the intended use of the net
proceeds and the expected timetable disclosed in the prospectus.

As of 31 December 2025, the utilization of the net proceeds from the Global Offering are as follows:

                                                                                                                               Utilized                               Expected
                                                                                            Unutilized        Utilized         amount                             timetable of
                                                                                              amount          amount            for the       Unutilized        full utilization
                                                                                                 as of      during the      year ended     amount as of                   of the
                                                        Percentage of                       1 January       Reporting     31 December      31 December               remaining
 Purposes                                                net proceeds   Net proceeds             2025           Period            2025             2025          net proceeds
                                                                  (%)     (US$ million)   (US$ million)   (US$ million)    (US$ million)    (US$ million)

 Expanding our logistics networks                               30%            136.3             37.1            13.3           112.5              23.8      By the end of 2027
 Expanding the Company’s service scope                          30%            136.3             47.4            11.8           100.7              35.6      By the end of 2027
 Research and development and technology innovations            30%            136.3             84.0            19.1            71.4              64.9      By the end of 2027
 General corporate purposes and working capital needs           10%             45.4             12.1             1.9            35.2              10.2      By the end of 2027

 Total                                                        100%             454.3           180.6             46.1           319.8             134.5




                                                                                                                                                                              57
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




PURCHASE, SALES OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company repurchased a total of 52,622,000 Class B Shares (the
“Repurchased Shares”) on the Stock Exchange at an aggregate consideration of HK$338,513,760.20 (net of expenses)
to enhance the shareholder value in the long run. Details of the Repurchased Shares are as follows:

                                                  No. of Shares
                                                        Held as
                                                       Treasury
                                                  Shares by the
                                                      Company         The Highest        The Lowest
                                 No. of Shares      after Share         Price Paid         Price Paid       Aggregate
 Month of Repurchase             Repurchased        Repurchase          per Share          per Share     Consideration
                                                                              (HK$)              (HK$)            (HK$)

 January 2025                       1,691,000         1,691,000               6.01               5.65      9,935,100.50
 March 2025                        13,710,000        13,710,000               6.15               5.53     79,506,999.00
 April 2025                        14,401,000        14,401,000               6.03               4.69     78,162,015.10
 May 2025                          10,326,000        10,326,000               6.90               6.12     65,748,575.80
 June 2025                          5,274,000         5,274,000               6.90               6.69     35,864,661.60
 September 2025                       870,000           870,000               9.03               8.97      7,834,785.00
 October 2025                         773,000           773,000              10.11               9.88      7,735,654.60
 November 2025                      5,577,000         5,577,000              10.01               9.28     53,725,968.60

 Total                             52,622,000        52,622,000                                          338,513,760.20


In respect of the Repurchased Shares, the weighted voting rights (“WVR”) beneficiary of the Company, Mr. Jet Jie Li, has
reduced his WVR in the Company proportionately by way of converting his class A ordinary shares (“Class A Shares”)
into Class B Shares on a one-to-one ratio pursuant to Rule 8A.21 of the Listing Rules. Accordingly, there will be no
increase in the proportion of shares carrying WVR pursuant to the requirements under Rules 8A.13 and 8A.15 of the
Listing Rules. A total of 6,369,192 Class A Shares were converted into Class B Shares on a one-to-one ratio on 15 May
2025 and 30 June 2025.

From 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2025, the number of Class B Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) was
increased by 33,204,805 shares as a result of (i) the repurchase of 52,622,000 Class B Shares during the Reporting Period,
(ii) the issue of 70,825,173 Class B Shares under the 2024 Share Incentive Plan on 18 March 2025, (iii) the conversion
of 5,382,244 Class A Shares into Class B Shares on 15 May 2025, (iv) the conversion of 986,948 Class A Shares into
Class B Shares on 30 June 2025 and (v) the issue of 8,632,440 Class B Shares under the 2024 Share Incentive Plan on 1
September 2025.

During the Reporting Period, 52,622,000 Class B Shares repurchased but not yet cancelled and were held by the
Company as treasury shares (as defined in the Listing Rules). As at 31 December 2025, the Company held a total of
79,692,600 treasury shares. They were intended to be used in accordance with the applicable rules and regulations,
including but not limited to resale for cash, transfer to satisfy share grants and cancellations under the share scheme of
the Company.




58
                                                                                                          Directors’ Report




On 29 January 2026, the Company has cancelled Class B shares totaling 79,692,600 shares, which were repurchased
and held as treasury shares from 30 October 2024 to 25 November 2025. As at the date of this report, the Company
repurchased 3,826,000 Class B Shares and hold as treasury shares.

Save as disclosed above, during the year ended 31 December 2025, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s securities listed on the Stock Exchange (including the sale or transfer
of treasury shares (as defined in the Listing Rules)).


DEBENTURE ISSUED
The Group did not issue any debenture during the Reporting Period.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
Save as disclosed in this annual report, no equity-linked agreements were entered into or existing during the Reporting
Period.


DIRECTORS
During the Reporting Period, the Board comprised:

Executive Director
Mr. Jet Jie Li (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)

Non-executive Directors
Ms. Alice Yu-fen Cheng
Ms. Qinghua Liao
Mr. Yuan Zhang

Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Erh Fei Liu
Mr. Peng Shen
Mr. Peter Lai Hock Meng

Pursuant to Article 119 of the Articles of Association, at each annual general meeting, one-third of the Directors for the
time being, or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but not less than one-
third, shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director, including those appointed for a specific term and
independent non-executive Directors, shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.


INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Company has received annual confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in respect of his
independence in accordance with Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. According to the guidelines in the Listing Rules, the
Company considers that all the independent non-executive Directors are independent.


DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The biographical details of Directors and senior management of the Company are set out in the section headed “Directors
and Senior Management” in this annual report.




                                                                                                                        59
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
The executive Director has entered into a service contract with the Company. Under the contract, he or she agrees to
serve as the executive Director, and his or her initial term of service shall be three years commencing from the Listing Date
to the third annual general meeting of the Company after the Listing Date, whichever is earlier. Either party shall have the
right to terminate the contract by giving not less than one month’s written notice.

Each of the non-executive Directors and the independent non-executive Directors has entered into an appointment letter
with the Company, pursuant to which, his or her initial term of service shall be three years commencing from the Listing
Date or until the third annual general meeting of the Company after the Listing Date, whichever is earlier, unless it is
terminated according to the terms and conditions of the appointment letter or by one party giving the other party not
less than one month’s prior notice in writing.

The above appointments shall be subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association in relation to the retirement and
rotation of Directors.

None of the Directors entered into any service contract with the Company or any member of the Group which would not
be terminated within one year without payment of compensation other than statutory compensation.


CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION
During the Reporting Period, save as disclosed in this annual report, there are no other changes in the Directors’ and
senior management’s information as required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF
SIGNIFICANCE
None of the Directors nor any entity connected with the Directors had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in
any transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company or any of
its subsidiaries was a party during the Reporting Period.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACT
During the year ended 31 December 2025, no significant contracts concerning the management and administration of
the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into or existed.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY
According to the Articles of Association and subject to applicable laws and regulations, every Director shall be indemnified
and secured harmless out of the Company’s assets from and against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and
expenses which they or any of them may incur or sustain in or about the execution of their or his/her office(s).

The provisions relating to permitted indemnity came into effect during the year ended 31 December 2025. The Company
has purchased liability insurance to provide appropriate safeguards for the Directors.




60
                                                                                                            Directors’ Report




DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save as disclosed in this annual report, during the Reporting Period, none of the Company or any of its subsidiaries was
a party to any arrangement that would enable the Directors or their spouses or children under the age of 18 to acquire
benefits by means of acquisition of the shares or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate, and none of
the Directors or their spouses or children under the age of 18 was granted any right to subscribe for the share equity or
debentures of the Company or any other body corporate, or had exercised any such right.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
During the year ended 31 December 2025, apart from the business of the Group, none of our Directors have any interest
in a business which competes or is likely to compete, directly or indirectly, with our business that is required to be
disclosed pursuant to Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.


DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO RULE 13.21 OF THE LISTING RULES
References are made to the announcements of the Company dated 9 September 2024, 17 October 2025 and 28
December 2025 in relation to certain loan facilities granted to Winner Star Holdings Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of
the Company, by certain banks and financial institutions.

Pursuant to the facility agreement dated 9 September 2024, the relevant lenders agreed to provide term loan facilities
comprising (i) a USD facility of up to US$674,000,000; (ii) a HKD facility of up to HK$1,362,000,000; and (iii) CNH and
CNY facilities of up to RMB2,871,350,000, for a term of 36 months commencing from the date on which the first loan
is to be made. Pursuant to the facility agreement dated 17 October 2025, the relevant lenders agreed to provide a CNY
term loan facility of up to RMB10,000,000,000 for a term of 36 months commencing from the date on which the first
loan is to be made. Pursuant to the facility agreement dated 25 December 2025, the relevant lenders agreed to provide
CNY term loan facilities comprising (i) a facility of up to RMB2,000,000,000 for a term of 12 months commencing from
the date on which the first loan is to be made; and (ii) a facility of up to RMB1,500,000,000 for a term of 36 months
commencing from the date on which the first loan is to be made.

Each of the above facility agreements contains specific performance obligations imposed on Mr. Li, the controlling
shareholder of the Company. If Mr. Li ceases to, directly or indirectly, exercise or control the single largest percentage
of the voting rights that might be exercised at a general meeting of the Company or ceases to have the power to give
directions with respect to the operating, management and financial policies of the Company, the relevant facilities will be
immediately cancelled, each such facility will immediately cease to be available for further utilisation, and all outstanding
loans, accrued interest and all other amounts will become immediately due and payable in accordance with the terms
of the relevant facility agreements. As at 31 December 2025 and as at the date of this annual report, Mr. Li beneficially
owned 971,390,048 Class A Shares and 7,943,362 Class B Shares, representing approximately 55.12% of the total
voting rights of the Company with respect to shareholder resolutions relating to matters other than the reserved matters.

Save as disclosed above, the Directors are not aware of any circumstances which would give rise to a disclosure obligation
pursuant to the requirements under Rule 13.21 of the Listing Rules as at 31 December 2025 and as at the date of this
annual report.




                                                                                                                          61
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES
AND UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS
ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
As of 31 December 2025, so far as our Directors are aware, the interests or short positions of our Directors and the
chief executive in any Shares, underlying shares and debentures of our Company or any associated corporations (within
the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which will have to be notified to our Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant
to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which have been taken or deemed to
have been taken under such provisions of the SFO) or which will be required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be
entered in the register or which will be required to be notified to our Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
Model Code, will be as follows:

                                                                                                             Approximate %
                                                                                                                shareholding             Approximate %
                                                                                                                     interest          of the Company’s
                                                                                                              in each class of              issued share
                                                Capacity/                     Number and                         Shares as of                capital as of
  Name of Director                              Nature of interest (1)        class of securities          31 December 2025           31 December 2025

  Mr. Jet Jie Li(2)                             Interest in a controlled      971,390,048                              100.00%                      10.82%
                                                corporation                   Class A Shares
                                                                              7,943,362                                   0.10%                      0.09%
                                                                              Class B Shares
  Ms. Alice Yu-fen Cheng(3)                     Interest in a controlled      40,008,020                                  0.50%                      0.45%
                                                corporation                   Class B Shares
  Mr. Yuan Zhang(4)                             Interest in a controlled      349,702,854                                 4.37%                      3.90%
                                                corporation                   Class B Shares


Notes:

(1) All interests stated are long position.

(2) This includes the 971,390,048 Class A Shares and 7,943,362 Class B Shares held by Jumping Summit Limited; Topping Summit Limited, an entity wholly-
     owned by Mr. Jet Jie Li, owns 5% equity interest of Jumping Summit Limited; Exceeding Summit Holding Limited, which is held by Vistra Trust (Singapore)
     Pte. Limited as a trustee for a trust established by Mr. Jet Jie Li for the benefit of Mr. Jet Jie Li and his family members, owns the remaining 95% equity
     interest in Jumping Summit Limited. Accordingly, Mr. Jet Jie Li is deemed to be interested in the 971,390,048 Class A Shares and 7,943,362 Class B
     Shares held by Jumping Summit Limited under the SFO.

(3) This includes the 40,008,020 Class B Shares held by Robust Idea Limited, which is wholly-owned by Ms. Alice Yu-fen Cheng. Accordingly, Ms. Alice Yu-
     fen Cheng is deemed to be interested in the 40,008,020 Class B Shares held by Robust Idea Limited.

(4) This includes the 345,583,289 Class B Shares held by LONG ORIGIN LIMITED and 4,119,565 Class B Shares held by Blink Field Limited. Both of
     LONG ORIGIN LIMITED and Blink Field Limited are wholly-owned by Mr. Yuan Zhang. Accordingly, Mr. Yuan Zhang is deemed to be interested in the
     345,583,289 Class B Shares held by LONG ORIGIN LIMITED and 4,119,565 Class B Shares held by Blink Field Limited.


Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2025, so far as are known to any Director or chief executive of the Company,
none of the Directors or the chief executive of the Company had any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying
shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which
were required to be disclosed under Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO or which were required, pursuant to Section
352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code to
be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.




62
                                                                                                                               Directors’ Report




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY

As of 31 December 2025, so far as are known to any Director, the following persons (not being Directors or the chief
executive of the Company) or corporation had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares of the
Company which were required to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions
2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or were required to be entered in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to
Section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                                             percentage of          Approximate
                                                                                                        shareholding in the    percentage of the
                                                                                                           relevant class of           Company’s
                                                                                                              Shares of the         issued shares
                                            Capacity/                             Number and                Company as of                   as of
 Name of Shareholder                        Nature of interest(1)                 class of securities    31 December 2025      31 December 2025

 Jumping Summit Limited(2)                  Beneficial owner                      971,390,048                      100.00%               10.82%
                                                                                  Class A Shares
                                                                                  7,943,362                          0.10%                0.09%
                                                                                  Class B Shares
 Exceeding Summit Holding Limited(2)        Interest in controlled corporation    971,390,048                      100.00%               10.82%
                                                                                  Class A Shares
                                                                                  7,943,362                          0.10%                0.09%
                                                                                  Class B Shares
 Topping Summit Limited(2)                  Interest in controlled corporation    971,390,048                      100.00%               10.82%
                                                                                  Class A Shares
                                                                                  7,943,362                          0.10%                0.09%
                                                                                  Class B Shares
 Vistra Trust (Singapore) Pte. Limited(2)   Trustee                               971,390,048                      100.00%               10.82%
                                                                                  Class A Shares
                                                                                  7,943,362                          0.10%                0.09%
                                                                                  Class B Shares
 Mr. Chen Mingyong(3)                       Interest in controlled corporation/   700,887,980                        8.75%                7.81%
                                               Interest of spouse                 Class B Shares
 Ms. Liang Xiaojing(3)                      Interest in controlled corporation/   700,887,980                        8.75%                7.81%
                                               Interest of spouse                 Class B Shares
 Tencent Holdings Limited(4)                Interest in controlled corporation    533,278,240                        6.66%                5.94%
                                                                                  Class B Shares
 Boyu Capital Fund IV, L.P.(5)              Interest in controlled corporation    420,733,018                        5.26%                4.69%
                                                                                  Class B Shares
 Boyu Capital General Partner IV, Ltd(5)    Interest in controlled corporation    420,733,018                        5.26%                4.69%
                                                                                  Class B Shares
 Boyu Capital Group Holdings Ltd(5)         Interest in controlled corporation    427,239,218                        5.34%                4.76%
                                                                                  Class B Shares
 Boyu Group, LLC(5)                         Interest in controlled corporation    427,239,218                        5.34%                4.76%
                                                                                  Class B Shares
 XYXY Holdings Ltd.(5)                      Interest in controlled corporation    427,239,218                        5.34%                4.76%
                                                                                  Class B Shares
 Mr. Tong Xiaomeng(5)                       Interest in controlled corporation    427,239,218                        5.34%                4.76%
                                                                                  Class B Shares

                                                                                                                                               63
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




Notes:

(1) All interests stated are long position.

(2) Topping Summit Limited, an entity wholly-owned by Mr. Jet Jie Li, an executive Director, owns 5% equity interest of Jumping Summit Limited; Exceeding
    Summit Holding Limited, which is held by Vistra Trust (Singapore) Pte. Limited as a trustee for a trust established by Mr. Jet Jie Li for the benefit of Mr. Jet
    Jie Li and his family members, owns the remaining 95% equity interest in Jumping Summit Limited. Accordingly, Mr. Jet Jie Li is deemed to be interested
    in the 971,390,048 Class A Shares and 7,943,362 Class B Shares held by Jumping Summit Limited under the SFO.

(3) This includes the 373,175,910 Class B Shares and 327,712,070 Class B Shares held by Team Spirit Group Limited and Starlight Hero Limited, respectively.
    Team Spirit Group Limited is wholly-owned by Sky Royal Trading Limited, which is wholly-owned by Guangdong OPlus Holdings Co., Ltd. Guangdong
    OPlus Holdings Co., Ltd is 64.52% held by the Labor Union Committee of Guangdong OPlus Holdings Co., Ltd, and the Labor Union Committee
    of Guangdong OPlus Holdings Co., Ltd is controlled by Mr. Chen Mingyong. Accordingly, Mr. Chen Mingyong is deemed to be interested in the
    373,175,910 Class B Shares held by Team Spirit Group Limited under the SFO.

   Ms. Liang Xiaojing does not hold any legal or beneficial interest in the share capital of Team Spirit Group Limited; however, solely pursuant to Part XV of
   the SFO, Ms. Liang Xiaojing is deemed to be interested in the 373,175,910 Class B Shares held by her spouse, Mr. Chen Mingyong, although she does
   not personally hold such shares as a direct shareholder.

   Starlight Hero Limited is wholly-owned by Ms. Liang Xiaojing.

   Mr. Chen Mingyong does not hold any legal or beneficial interest in the share capital of Starlight Hero Limited; however, solely pursuant to Part XV of
   the SFO, Mr. Chen Mingyong is deemed to be interested in the 327,712,070 Class B Shares held by his spouse, Ms. Liang Xiaojing, although he does not
   personally hold such shares as a direct shareholder.

(4) This includes the 382,316,440 Class B Shares, 107,829,815 Class B Shares and 43,131,985 Class B Shares held by Huang River Investment Limited,
    Eternal Earn Holding Limited, and Parallel Cluster Investment Limited, respectively. Huang River Investment Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of
    Tencent Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Stock Exchange (HKEX: 700, “Tencent”). Eternal Earn Holding Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary
    of TPP Fund II, L.P., whose general partner is TPP GP II, Ltd, which is ultimately indirectly controlled by Tencent through Nasturtium Investment Limited.
    Parallel Cluster Investment Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parallel Cluster Investment L.P., whose general partner is Parallel Cluster GP Limited, is
    a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tencent. Accordingly, Tencent is deemed to be interested in the total of 533,278,240 Class B Shares held by Huang River
    Investment Limited, Eternal Earn Holding Limited and Parallel Cluster Investment Limited under the SFO.

(5) This includes the 80,957,253 Class B Shares, 280,380,297 Class B Shares and 59,395,468 Class B Shares held by Joyous Tempinis Limited, Jaunty Global
    Limited, and Jallion Global Limited, respectively. This also includes the 6,506,200 class B shares held by Boyu Capital Opportunities Master Fund. Joyous
    Tempinis Limited, Jaunty Global Limited, and Jallion Global Limited are directly or indirectly controlled by Boyu Capital Fund IV, L.P., whose general partner is
    Boyu Capital General Partner IV, Ltd. Boyu Capital General Partner IV, Ltd is wholly-owned by Boyu Capital Group Holdings Ltd. All voting rights of Boyu
    Capital Opportunities Master Fund are held by Boyu Capital Investment Management Limited which is the wholly-owned subsidiary of Boyu Capital
    Group Holdings Ltd. Boyu Capital Group Holdings Ltd. is the wholly-owned by Boyu Group, LLC. Boyu Group, LLC is controlled by XYXY Holdings Ltd.,
    which is wholly-owned by Mr. Tong Xiaomeng. Accordingly, Boyu Capital Fund IV, L.P., Boyu Capital General Partner IV, Ltd are deemed to be interested
    in the total of 420,733,018 Class B Shares held by Jaunty Global Limited, Joyous Tempinis Limited and Jallion Global Limited under the SFO. Boyu Capital
    Group Holdings Ltd, Boyu Group, LLC, XYXY Holdings Ltd. and Mr. Tong Xiaomeng are deemed to be interested in the total of 427,239,218 Class B
    Shares held by Jaunty Global Limited, Joyous Tempinis Limited, Jallion Global Limited and Boyu Capital Opportunities Master Fund under the SFO.


Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2025, to the knowledge of our Directors, none of any other persons (other
than Directors or chief executive of the Company) have interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying shares of
the Company, which were required to be disclosed in accordance with Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the Securities and
Futures Ordinance, or which were required to be kept in the register under the requirements in Section 336 of the SFO or
which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.


REMUNERATION POLICY AND DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
The Company has established a Remuneration Committee in accordance with the CG Code, which shall be responsible
for formulating remuneration policies and determining and recommending the remuneration of Directors and senior
management. Details of the remuneration of Directors, senior management and five individuals with the highest
emoluments during the Reporting Period are set out in Note 37 and Note 38 to the consolidated financial statements.

For the year ended 31 December 2025, (i) no emoluments were paid by the Company to the Directors as an inducement
to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office; and (ii) none of the Directors waived or agreed to
waive any emoluments.


64
                                                                                                         Directors’ Report




SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN
Pre-IPO Equity Incentive Plan
In order to align the interests of the Company’s network partners and regional sponsors with those of the Company’s
Shareholders, the Network Partner Equity Incentive Plan was initially approved by the Shareholders on 26 February 2022,
and further amended by the Board on 31 May 2023. As disclosed in the prospectus, the terms of the Network Partner
Equity Incentive Plan are not subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

The maximum number of shares that may be issued under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan is 38,000,000 Class A ordinary
shares (or 190,000,000 Class B Shares, following completion of the reclassification, redesignation and share subdivision).
Prior to the Listing, the Company issued 38,000,000 Class A ordinary shares of the Company on 28 September 2022
to NP Investment Platform Limited at par value to facilitate the administration of the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan. All
outstanding restricted share units under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan were granted before Listing. No Share has been
and will be issued by our Company under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan upon the Listing Date.

Details of our Pre-IPO Network Partner Equity Incentive Plan are set forth in the “Statutory and General information – 4.
Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan” in Appendix V to the prospectus and in Note 25 to the consolidated financial statements of
this annual report.

2024 Share Incentive Scheme
The 2024 Share Incentive Scheme was approved and adopted by all the then Shareholders of the Company on 18 June
2024. The 2024 Share Incentive Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of ten years commencing on 18 June
2024. The terms of the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme are in compliance with the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing
Rules.

Summary of the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme
Purpose of the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme
The purpose of the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme includes:

(a) recognize and reward Eligible Participants for their contribution to the Group;

(b) attract and retain best available personnel, and provide them with the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests in
    the Company; and

(c) encourage Eligible Participants to work towards enhancing the value of the Company and its shares, align the interests
    of these Eligible Participants with those of the Group and further promote the success of the Group’s business.

The 2024 Share Incentive Scheme will provide the Company with a flexible means of retaining, incentivizing, rewarding,
remunerating, compensation and/or providing benefits to Eligible Participants.




                                                                                                                       65
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




Participants in the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme
The Eligible Participants who may be selected to become a Grantee of the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme are any
individuals or corporate entities (where applicable) being an Employee Participant, a Related Entity Participant or a Service
Provider.

The eligibility of any of the Eligible Participants shall be determined by the Board or its delegate(s) from time to time
on the basis of the Board’s or its delegate(s)’ opinion as to the Eligible Participants’ contribution to the development
and growth of the Group. In assessing whether Awards are to be granted to any Eligible Participants, the Board or its
delegate(s) shall take into account various factors, including but not limited to, the nature and extent of contributions
provided by such Eligible Participants to the Group, the special skills or technical knowledge possessed by such Eligible
Participants which is beneficial to the continuing development of the Group, the positive impacts which such Eligible
Participant has brought to the Group’s business and development and whether granting Award to such Eligible Participant
is an appropriate incentive to motivate, retain and attract such Eligible Participants to continue to contribute towards the
betterment of the Group.

As at the date of this annual report, the Company has not formulated any concrete plan or intention to grant any Awards
to the independent non-executive Directors under the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme. However, having considered that
(i) equity-based remuneration continues to be an important means of ensuring alignment between the interests of
Shareholders and all Board members, including the independent non-executive Directors; (ii) it is common to include
independent non-executive Directors as eligible persons of share incentive schemes among public companies; and (iii)
independent non-executive Directors may provide crucial contributions to the Group’s development and business in
providing valuable insight and advice to the Company with their deep industry knowledge and professional background, as
well as their vital role in maintaining a sound corporate governance framework and supervising the internal control system
within the Group, the Board believes the inclusion of independent non-executive Directors as Employee Participants and
the flexibility to grant Awards to the independent non-executive Directors in addition to cash-based incentives will allow
the Company to keep its remuneration package competitive in order to attract and retain talents.

The Company is of the view that the independence and impartiality of the independent non-executive Directors will not
be impaired by any potential grant of the Awards under the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme for the following reasons: (i)
the independent non-executive Directors will continue to comply with the independence requirement under Rule 3.13 of
the Listing Rules; (ii) approval by independent Shareholders will be required if any Awards is to be granted to independent
non-executive Directors or any of their respective associates would result in the total number of Shares issued and to
be issued upon exercise of all the Awards granted and to be granted to such person in the period of 12 months up to
and including the date of the grant representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the Shares in issue; and (iii) the Board will
be mindful of the recommended best practice E.1.9 of the corporate governance code set out in Part 2 of Appendix
C1 to the Listing Rules which recommends that issuers should generally not grant equity-based remuneration with
performance-related elements to independent non-executive directors when considering any future grants of Awards to
the independent non-executive Directors.

In assessing the eligibility of Employee Participant(s), the Board or its delegate(s) will consider all relevant factors as
appropriate, including the individual performance, time commitment, responsibilities or employment conditions according
to the prevailing market practice and industry standard, the length of engagement with the Group and the individual
contribution or potential contribution the Employee Participant(s) made or is likely to make to the development and
growth of the Group.




66
                                                                                                                  Directors’ Report




In assessing the eligibility of Related Entity Participant(s), the Board or its delegate(s) will consider all relevant factors as
appropriate, including the experience of the Related Entity Participant(s) on the Group’s business, the actual degree of
involvement in and/or cooperation with the Group, the length of engagement with the Group, the amount of support,
assistance, guidance, advice, efforts and contributions the Related Entity Participant(s) gave or is likely to give or make
towards the success of the Group in the future.

In assessing the eligibility of Service Provider(s), the Board or its delegate(s) will consider all relevant factors as appropriate,
including the individual performance of relevant Service Provider(s), the length of business relationship with the Group,
the materiality and nature of the business relationship with the Group (such as whether they relate to the core business
of the Group and whether such business dealings could be readily replaced by third parties), track record in the quality
of services provided to and/or cooperation with the Group and the scale of business dealings with the Group with regard
to factors such as the actual or expected change in the Group’s revenue or profits which is or may be attributable to the
Service Provider(s).

Total Number of Shares Available for Issue under the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme and Percentage
of Issued Share (excluding Treasury Shares)
As at 31 December 2025, 715,280,643 class B shares are available for future grants under the scheme mandate limit
under the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme, representing approximately 8.03% of the total issued shares of the Company
(excluding the Treasury Shares) as at the date of this annual report. As of 31 December 2025, the service provider sublimit
under the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme has not been utilized.

Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant in the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme
Where any grant of Awards to an Eligible Participant would result in the Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all
Awards granted to such person (excluding any Awards lapsed or clawed back in accordance with the terms of the 2024
Share Incentive Scheme) in the 12-month period up to and including the Grant Date representing in aggregate over 1%
of the total number of shares of the Company (including the Class A Shares and Class B Shares) in issue (excluding the
Treasury Shares, if any), such grant must be separately approved by the Shareholders in general meeting in accordance
with the Listing Rules, with such Eligible Participant and his/her close associates (or associates if the Eligible Participant is a
connected person) abstaining from voting.

Any grant of Awards to a Director, chief executive of the Company or Substantial Shareholder (or any of their respective
associates) must be approved by the independent non-executive Directors (excluding any independent non-executive
Director who is the Grantee of the Awards) and shall otherwise be subject to compliance with the requirements of the
Listing Rules.

The corporate governance committee of the Board must make a recommendation on any grants of Awards to a Director
who is a beneficiary of weighted voting rights under 8A.30(4) of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                                                 67
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




Where any grant of Awards to a Director (other than an independent non-executive Director) or chief executive (or any of
their respective associates) would result in the Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all Awards granted (excluding
any Awards lapsed or clawed back in accordance with the terms of the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme) to such person in
the 12 month period up to and including the Grant Date representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the total number of
shares of the Company (including the Class A Shares and Class B Shares) in issue (excluding the Treasury Shares, if any),
such further grant of Awards must be separately approved by the Shareholders in general meeting in accordance with
the Listing Rules, with such Grantee, his/her associates and all core connected persons of the Company abstaining from
voting in favour at such general meeting.

Where any grant of Awards to an independent non-executive Director or a Substantial Shareholder (or any of their
respective associates) would result in the Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all Awards granted (excluding any
Awards lapsed or clawed back in accordance with the terms of the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme) to such person in
the 12-month period up to and including the Grant Date representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the total number of
shares of the Company (including the Class A Shares and Class B Shares (excluding the Treasury Shares, if any)) in issue,
such further grant of Awards must be separately approved by the Shareholders in general meeting in accordance with
the Listing Rules, with such Grantee, his/her associates and all core connected persons of the Company abstaining from
voting in favour at such general meeting.

Exercise Period for Options Granted and Vesting Period for Options or Awards Granted under the
2024 Share Incentive Scheme
In respect of any particular Option, the period during which the Grantee may exercise such Option will be determined
by the Board or its delegate(s) and may commence on a day after the Grant Date and in any event shall end not later
than 10 years from the Grant Date but subject to the provisions for early termination set out in the 2024 Share Incentive
Scheme.

The Board or its delegate(s) may from time to time while the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme is in force and subject to all
applicable laws, determine such vesting period, vesting criteria and conditions or periods for the Award to be vested
hereunder, provided however that the vesting period for Awards shall not be less than 12 months, unless the Board or its
delegate(s) determines that the Awards granted to Employee Participants may be subject to a vesting period of less than
12 months in the following circumstances:

(a) grants of “make whole” Awards to new employees to replace the awards or options such employees forfeited when
    leaving their previous employers;

(b) grants to an Eligible Participant whose employment is terminated due to death or Disability or occurrence of any out
    of control event;

(c) grants of Awards with performance-based vesting conditions in lieu of time-based vesting criteria;

(d) grants of Awards that are made in batches during a year for administrative and compliance reasons, which include
    Awards that should have been granted earlier if not for such administrative or compliance reasons but had to wait for
    a subsequent batch. In such case, the vesting period may be shorter to reflect the time from which the Awards would
    have been granted;




68
                                                                                                            Directors’ Report




(e) grants of Awards with a mixed or accelerated vesting schedule such as where the Awards may vest evenly over a
    period of 12 months; or

(f) grants of Awards with a total vesting and holding period of more than 12 months.

Subject to the provisions of the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme, the Board or its delegate(s) may grant the Awards with a
shorter vesting period to the extent set forth in the terms of the Award Letter or otherwise.

Basis for Determining the Exercise Price of the Options Granted or Purchase Price (if any) of the
Shares Granted
The Purchase Price, if any, will be set out in the Award Letter and will be determined by the Board or its delegate(s) in its
absolute discretion, taking into account the purpose of the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme, the interests of the Company
and the individual circumstances of the Eligible Participant, the practices of comparable companies and the effectiveness
of the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme in attracting talents and motivating the Award holder to contribute to the long term
development of the Group. The Company reserving the discretion to determine the Purchase Price, if any, on an individual
basis taking into account the nature and degree of value benefiting the Group from granting Awards to such Grantee,
which is aligned with the purpose of the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme.

There is no amount payable on application or acceptance of option or award, nor the period of payment or notice of
payment and the period of repayment of the option loan applied for.

Clawback Arrangement
The Board has the sole and absolute discretion to apply a clawback arrangement to any or all awards granted to grantees
pursuant to the terms of the scheme or the award agreement. For further details, please refer to the announcement
regarding the grant of awards.

Remaining Life of the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme
The remaining life of the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme is about eight years and six months as of 31 December 2025.




                                                                                                                          69
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




Total Number of Shares Available for Grants under the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme
As at 31 December 2025, 715,280,643 Class B shares are available for grants under the mandate limit under the 2024
Share Incentive Scheme, and 176,243,324 Class B shares are available for grants under the service provider sublimit under
the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme.

Set out below are details of the movements of Award grants authorized under the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme during
the Reporting Period:

                                                                Number of    Number of    Number of    Number of                  Number of                                          Weighted
                                                Fair Value of     Awards       Awards       Awards       Awards     Number of        Awards                     Closing price   average closing
                                                     Awards      unvested      granted     cancelled      lapsed Awards vested      unvested                    of the Shares          price of
                                                        as at        as of   during the   during the   during the   during the          as at                   immediately         the Shares
Name/                                             the date of   1 January    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting     Reporting   31 December    Purchase          before the        before the
Type      Grant Date      Vesting Period               grant         2025       Period       Period       Period        Period          2025       price          grant date       vesting date

Employee 20 August 2024 0-54 months         HK$6.80 per Share   71,485,916           0            0     4,316,288    4,474,030     62,695,598        Nil    HK$7.23 per Share          HK$6.43
Employee 18 March 2025    0-48 months       HK$6.15 per Share          Nil   73,089,720           0     1,674,760   43,719,026     27,695,934        Nil    HK$5.96 per Share          HK$5.96
Employee 1 September 2025 0-48 months      HK$10.09 per Share          Nil   12,843,251           0            0     5,186,681      7,656,570        Nil   HK$10.40 per Share          HK$10.4


Notes:

1. As at 1 January 2025 and 31 December 2025, the number of Awards available for grant under the scheme mandate of the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme
   was 795,222,566 and 715,280,643 Class B Shares, respectively. As at 1 January 2025 and 31 December 2025, the number of Awards available for grant
   under the service provider sublimit was 176,243,324.

2. During the Reporting Period, the number of shares that may be issued in respect of the Awards granted under all schemes of the issuer, divided by the
   weighted average number of issued shares of the relevant class (excluding treasury shares) was Nil.

3. Details of the valuation of the Awards under the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme during the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in Note 25(ii) of
   the consolidated financial statements of this annual report. The accounting standards and policies adopted were the International Financial Reporting
   Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

4. In respect of certain Grantees whose Awards are subject to a vesting period of less than 12 months, performance based vesting conditions had been
   imposed on the individual Grantee with respect to such Awards. Such performance targets comprise a mixture of attaining satisfactory key performance
   indicators (including business performance and financial performance of the Group, management of the relevant division of department to which the
   Grantee is responsible, and/or individual performance based on the regular performance appraisal conducted by the Group).


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
Details of the related party transactions (“related party transactions”) for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set
out in Note 35 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report. None of such related party transactions
constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions required to be disclosed in this annual report
under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

As disclosed in the prospectus, the following transactions of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 constitute
continuing connected transactions.




70
                                                                                                                                          Directors’ Report




CONTRACTUAL ARRANGEMENTS
As disclosed in the prospectus, the PRC and Indonesia have imposed regulatory restrictions on foreign ownership. In
order to comply with such laws and regulations, while availing ourselves of international capital markets and maintaining
effective control over all of our operations, we control our Consolidated Affiliated Entities through the PRC Contractual
Arrangements entered into on 18 January 2023 and the Indonesian Contractual Arrangements entered into on 29 March
2022 (the “Contractual Arrangements”). We do not directly own any equity interest in our Consolidated Affiliated
Entities. Pursuant to the Contractual Arrangements, we have effective control over the financial and operational policies
of our Consolidated Affiliated Entities and are entitled to all the economic benefits derived from the Consolidated
Affiliated Entities’ operations.

As disclosed above and in the section headed “Contractual Arrangements” in the prospectus, the Contractual
Arrangements entered into between the PRC and Indonesia are strictly prepared to minimize potential conflicts with
the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC and Indonesia. The Directors believe that it is fair and reasonable for the
Company to control the Consolidated Affiliated Entities by Contractual Arrangements and to be entitled to all the
economic benefits derived from the Consolidated Affiliated Entities.

The following simplified diagram illustrates the flow of economic benefits from our Consolidated Affiliated Entities to our
Company stipulated under the Contractual Arrangements:

                             The registered
                         shareholders of each of                                                               Our Company
                    the PRC and Indonesian Holdcos


                                                                            Note 2
                                PRC and                                                                         Intermediate
                           Indonesian Holdcos                                                                holding companies
                                                                            Note 2



                              Other PRC and                                 Note 1                               PRC and
                          Indonesian subsidiaries                                                            Indonesian WFOEs


                                              legal and beneficial ownership
                                              contractual relationship

Notes:

(1) The PRC WFOE entered into the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, providing technical support, business support and relevant consulting
    services in exchange for service fees from the PRC Holdco. The Indonesian WFOE entered into Exclusive Technical Service Agreement, providing
    comprehensive management consulting services to the Indonesian Holdco in exchange for service fees.

(2) The registered shareholders of the PRC Holdco executed the Exclusive Option Agreement in favor of the PRC WFOE for the acquisition of all or part of
    the equity interests and all or part of the assets in the PRC Holdco; the Shareholder Rights Proxy Agreement in favor of the PRC WFOE for the exercise of
    all the shareholders’ rights in the PRC Holdco; and granted security interests in favor of the PRC WFOE, over the entire equity interests in the PRC Holdco.
    The Indonesian Individual and Corporate Registered Shareholders executed a number of agreements in favor of the Indonesian WFOE to allow the
    Indonesian WFOE to consolidate control over the Indonesian Holdco and derive the full economic benefits from the Indonesian Holdco.


As of 31 December 2025, the annual revenue of the PRC Holdco1, the Indonesian Opco2 and their respective consolidated
subsidiaries controlled under the Contractual Arrangements amounted to US$8,040.1 million, the absolute number of
which represents 66.1% of the total revenue for the year of the Group. As of 31 December 2025, the total assets of
the PRC Holdco, the Indonesian Opco and their respective consolidated subsidiaries controlled under the Contractual
Arrangements amounted to US$9,107.6 million, representing approximately 103.5%3 of the total assets of the Group.

Notes:

1. as defined below
2. as defined below
3. As VIE entities have internal balances with non-vie entities of the Group and total Group assets have eliminated all these internal numbers, the percentage
could be higher than 100%.



                                                                                                                                                            71
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




Risks Relating to Contractual Arrangements
We consider the following risks to be related to Contractual Arrangements. Details of these risks are set out on pages 74
to 82 of the prospectus.

• Our Contractual Arrangements may not be as effective in providing operational control as direct ownership;

• Any failure by our consolidated affiliated entities in the PRC or Indonesia or their shareholders to perform their
  obligations under our Contractual Arrangements with them would have a material and adverse effect on our business;

• The interests of the direct or indirect shareholders of our consolidated affiliated entities in the PRC and Indonesia may
  have actual or potential conflicts with our interests;

• If we exercise the exclusive right to acquire equity ownership of PRC Holdco, the ownership transfer may subject us to
  certain limitations and substantial costs;

• There are restrictions for us to exercise our rights to transfer the shareholding in the Indonesian Holdco under our
  Indonesian Contractual Arrangements;

• We may lose the ability to use and enjoy assets held by our PRC or Indonesian consolidated affiliated entities that are
  critical to the operation of our business if our consolidated affiliated entities declare bankruptcy or become subject to a
  dissolution or liquidation proceeding;

• Our current corporate structure and business operations in the PRC may be substantially affected by the Foreign
  Investment Law of the People’s Republic of China and the Implementing Regulations of the Foreign Investment Law;

• The Contractual Arrangements we have entered into with our consolidated affiliated entities may be subject to scrutiny
  by the tax authorities. A finding that we owe additional taxes could negatively affect our financial condition and the
  value of Shareholder’s investment; and

• Certain terms of the PRC Contractual Arrangements may not be enforceable under PRC laws.

To mitigate the risks relating to the Contractual Arrangements, the Board will conduct an annual review on the
implementation of and compliance with the Contractual Arrangements and the Group will work closely with the PRC
Registered Shareholders, the Indonesia Registered Shareholders and external legal advisers to monitor the regulatory
environment and development of PRC and Indonesian laws and regulations to mitigate the risks relating to the
Contractual Arrangements.

Summary of Major Terms of Contractual Arrangements
A description of the Contractual Arrangements and each of the specific agreements under the Contractual Arrangements
implemented during the Reporting Period is set out below.




72
                                                                                                                                       Directors’ Report




THE PRC CONTRACTUAL ARRANGEMENTS
Overview
J&T Express China is currently holding a cross-provincial Express Delivery Service Operation Permit. J&T Express China is a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Shanghai Yishangshiye, which is a Consolidated Affiliated Entity of the Company. Shanghai
Yishangshiye is held by Wu Rongmei (吳蓉眉) as to 99% and Liu Wei (劉偉) as to 1%, respectively. Wu Rongmei (吳蓉眉)
is the office director of J&T Express China and the director of J&T Express (Shanghai) Acme Supply Chain Management
Co., Ltd. (上海極兔極致供應鏈管理有限公司) and J&T Express China and Liu Wei (劉偉) is the supervisor of J&T Express
(Shanghai) Acme Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd. (上海極兔極致供應鏈管理有限公司) and J&T Express China. Both
Wu Rongmei (吳蓉眉) and Liu Wei (劉偉) have been the Group’s PRC regional senior managers since the Group entered
the China market. Considering their rich industry experience, their long time commitment to and in-depth understanding
of the Group, the Company considers that they are suitable to be the PRC Registered Shareholders.



                                             The Company


                                                       100%


                                         Intermediate holding
                                              companies

                                                       100%


                                                                                                     PRC Registered
                                           The PRC WFOE(1)
                                                                                                      Shareholders(3)



                                  Service fees                Technical support, business support               100%
                                                              and relevant consultation services




                                                                     The PRC Holdco(2)




                                                                   Onshore subsidiaries



Notes:

(1) The PRC WFOE provides technical support, business support and relevant consultation services in exchange for service fees from Shanghai Yishangshiye.

(2) The PRC Holdco refers to Shanghai Yishangshiye, which is owned as to 99% by Wu Rongmei (吳蓉眉) and 1% by Liu Wei (劉偉) (the “PRC Registered
    Shareholders”), respectively.

(3) The PRC Registered Shareholders executed an Exclusive Option Agreement in favor of the PRC WFOE for the acquisition of all or part of the equity
    interests and all or part of the assets of Shanghai Yishangshiye. The PRC Registered Shareholders executed shareholder rights proxy agreements in favor
    of the PRC WFOE, for the exercise of all shareholders’ rights in Shanghai Yishangshiye. The PRC Registered Shareholders granted security interests in
    favor of the PRC WFOE, over the entire equity interests in Shanghai Yishangshiye.

(4) “       ” denotes beneficial ownership in the equity interest. The PRC WFOE is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.

(5) “       ” denotes contractual relationship.

(6) “        ” denotes the control by the PRC WFOE over the PRC Registered Shareholders and Shanghai Yishangshiye through (i) proxy agreement to
    exercise all shareholders’ rights in Shanghai Yishangshiye; (ii) exclusive options to acquire all or part of the equity interests and assets of Shanghai
    Yishangshiye; and (iii) equity pledges over the equity interests in Shanghai Yishangshiye.



                                                                                                                                                        73
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




Circumstances under which we will unwind the PRC Contractual Arrangements
Our Group will unwind and terminate the PRC Contractual Arrangements as soon as practicable in respect of the
operation of our supply chain solutions and logistics services business to the extent permissible and we will directly hold
the maximum percentage of ownership interests permissible under relevant PRC laws and regulations in the event that
PRC regulatory restrictions on foreign ownership of the relevant business cease to exist or allow the relevant business to
be held by sino-foreign equity joint ventures or wholly-owned foreign investment entities.

Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement
Shanghai Yishangshiye entered into the exclusive business cooperation agreement (the “Exclusive Business
Cooperation Agreement”) with the PRC WFOE, pursuant to which, Shanghai Yishangshiye agreed to engage the PRC
WFOE as its exclusive provider of the following technical support, business support and relevant consultation services, and
to pay service fees to the PRC WFOE:

• the license of relevant software and technologies to Shanghai Yishangshiye which are legitimately owned by the PRC
  WFOE and required by Shanghai Yishangshiye’s businesses;

• the development, maintenance and updates of relevant software required by Shanghai Yishangshiye’s businesses;

• the design, installation, daily management, maintenance and updating of computer and network systems, hardware
  equipment and database;

• the development and testing of new products;

• the technical support and professional trainings for Shanghai Yishangshiye’s staff;

• the assistance for Shanghai Yishangshiye in consultations, collections and surveys of technical and market information
  (other than those market surveys which are prohibited from being conducted by a wholly foreign-owned entity
  according to PRC laws);

• providing enterprise management consultation for Shanghai Yishangshiye;

• leasing of equipment and assets; and

• other relevant technical services and consultation services as required by Shanghai Yishangshiye from time to time to
  the extent permitted by PRC laws.

The service fees shall consist the total profit of Shanghai Yishangshiye and its subsidiaries in any given financial year,
after the deduction of any accumulated deficit of Shanghai Yishangshiye and its subsidiaries in respect of the preceding
financial year(s), operating costs, expenses, taxes and other statutory contributions required in any given financial year.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the PRC WFOE may adjust the scope and amount of service fees in accordance with PRC
tax law principles and tax practices, and with reference to the working capital needs of Shanghai Yishangshiye and its
subsidiaries, and Shanghai Yishangshiye will accept any such adjustment. The PRC WFOE may adjust the sharing ratio,
payment amount, calculation of service fees and payment method with a written notice.




74
                                                                                                            Directors’ Report




The PRC WFOE and Shanghai Yishangshiye, during the term of the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement and where
necessary, may enter into further technical service agreement and/or consultation service agreement between Shanghai
Yishangshiye and the PRC WFOE or its designated person, which shall provide the specific contents, methods, personnel,
and fees for the specific services.

In addition, absent the prior written consent of the PRC WFOE, during the term of the Exclusive Business Cooperation
Agreement, with respect to the services subject to the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, Shanghai Yishangshiye
shall not accept the same or any similar consultation or services provided by any third party and shall not establish similar
cooperation relationships with any third party. The PRC WFOE has the right to appoint any third party to provide services
specified under the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement.

Shanghai Yishangshiye grants the PRC WFOE an irrevocable and exclusive purchase option right to, at the sole discretion
of the PRC WFOE and to the extent permitted by PRC laws, purchase all or any part of assets of Shanghai Yishangshiye
and its subsidiaries at the lowest price permitted by PRC laws. To secure Shanghai Yishangshiye’s performance of the
Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, Shanghai Yishangshiye agrees to provide the PRC WFOE a guarantee with its
receivables arising from daily operation and all of its assets.

The Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement also provides that the PRC WFOE has the exclusive proprietary rights and
interests in any and all intellectual property rights developed or created by Shanghai Yishangshiye and its subsidiaries
during the performance of the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement. Shanghai Yishangshiye may register certain
intellectual property rights designated by the PRC WFOE under the name of Shanghai Yishangshiye and its subsidiaries
as required by businesses of Shanghai Yishangshiye, but Shanghai Yishangshiye shall, and shall procure its subsidiaries
to, transfer such intellectual property rights to the PRC WFOE upon request by the PRC WFOE for free or at the lowest
price permitted by law. The Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement shall remain effective unless terminated (a) in
accordance with the provisions of the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement or mandatory provisions of PRC laws; (b)
in writing by the PRC WFOE; (c) renewal of the expired business period of either the PRC WFOE or Shanghai Yishangshiye is
declined or rejected by relevant government authorities, at which time the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement will
terminate upon termination of that business period; or (d) in the event that the PRC WFOE or their subsidiaries are able to
conduct the Relevant Businesses directly as a result of being permitted to do so under the then-applicable PRC laws, and
the entire equity interests of Shanghai Yishangshiye or all of Shanghai Yishangshiye and its subsidiaries’ assets have been
transferred to the PRC WFOE or its appointee(s).

Exclusive Option Agreement
The PRC Registered Shareholders entered into the exclusive option agreement (the “Exclusive Option Agreement”)
with Shanghai Yishangshiye and the PRC WFOE. Pursuant to the Exclusive Option Agreement, the PRC WFOE has the
exclusive, irrevocable and unconditional right to purchase, or to designate one or more persons/entities to purchase,
from the PRC Registered Shareholders all or any part of its equity interests in Shanghai Yishangshiye and from
Shanghai Yishangshiye all or any part of the assets of Shanghai Yishangshiye and its subsidiaries at any time in the PRC
WFOE’s absolute discretion in accordance with the provisions of the Exclusive Option Agreement and to the extent
permitted by the PRC laws. The consideration in relation to purchasing shares from the PRC Registered Shareholders of
Shanghai Yishangshiye shall be the amount of contributed registered capital made by the PRC Registered Shareholders
corresponding to the shares to be purchased, or the lowest price as permitted by the applicable PRC laws, whichever
is lower. The consideration in relation to purchasing assets from Shanghai Yishangshiye shall be the lowest price as
permitted under the applicable PRC laws. The aforesaid consideration shall be paid within seven (7) days upon transfer.




                                                                                                                          75
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




Each of Shanghai Yishangshiye and the PRC Registered Shareholders has covenanted that, as applicable, among other
things:

• without the prior written consent of the PRC WFOE, it shall not in any manner supplement, change or amend the
  constitutional documents of Shanghai Yishangshiye, increase or decrease its registered capital, or change the structure
  of its shareholding in other manner;

• it shall maintain Shanghai Yishangshiye’s corporate existence in accordance with good financial and business standards
  and practices, and prudently and effectively operate its business and handle its affairs;

• without the prior written consent of the PRC WFOE, it shall refrain from any action/omission that may adversely affect
  Shanghai Yishangshiye’s assets, businesses or liabilities; without the prior written consent of the PRC WFOE, it shall not
  at any time following the signing of the Exclusive Option Agreement sell, transfer, pledge or dispose of in any manner
  any legal or beneficial interest in the assets, business or revenues of Shanghai Yishangshiye, or allow the encumbrance
  thereon of any security interest;

• without the prior written consent of the PRC WFOE, Shanghai Yishangshiye shall not incur, inherit, guarantee or assume
  any debt, except for (i) debts incurred in the ordinary course of business other than payables incurred by a loan, and
  (ii) debts already disclosed to the PRC WFOE and for which written approval has already been obtained from the PRC
  WFOE;

• Shanghai Yishangshiye shall always operate all of its businesses during the ordinary course of business to maintain its asset
  value and refrain from any action/omission that may adversely affect Shanghai Yishangshiye’s operating status and asset
  value;

• without the prior written consent of the PRC WFOE, Shanghai Yishangshiye shall not execute any material contracts
  (for the purpose hereof, a contract with a value above RMB10,000,000), except for contracts executed in the ordinary
  course of business;

• without the prior written consent of the PRC WFOE, Shanghai Yishangshiye shall not provide any person with any loan
  or guarantee;

• it shall provide the PRC WFOE with information on Shanghai Yishangshiye’s business operations and financial condition
  at the request of the PRC WFOE;

• without the prior written consent of the PRC WFOE, it shall not cause or permit Shanghai Yishangshiye to merge,
  consolidate with, acquire or invest in any person;

• it shall immediately notify the PRC WFOE of the occurrence or possible occurrence of any litigation, arbitration or
  administrative proceedings relating to Shanghai Yishangshiye’s assets, businesses or revenues;

• to maintain the ownership by Shanghai Yishangshiye of all of its assets, it shall execute all necessary or appropriate
  documents, take all necessary or appropriate actions and file all necessary or appropriate claims or complaints or raise
  necessary and appropriate defences against all claims;

• without the prior written consent of the PRC WFOE, Shanghai Yishangshiye shall not in any manner distribute
  dividends, provided that upon the written request of the PRC WFOE, Shanghai Yishangshiye shall immediately distribute
  all distributable profits to their shareholders;




76
                                                                                                               Directors’ Report




• without the prior written consent of the PRC WFOE, Shanghai Yishangshiye shall not proceed with dissolution or
  liquidation;

• once PRC laws permits foreign invested enterprises to operate the businesses which Shanghai Yishangshiye is engaged
  in, the PRC Registered Shareholders shall transfer all of its equity interests in Shanghai Yishangshiye to the PRC WFOE
  or a person appointed by the PRC WFOE, and/or Shanghai Yishangshiye shall transfer all of the assets of Shanghai
  Yishangshiye and its subsidiaries to the PRC WFOE or a person appointed by the PRC WFOE; and

• to the extent permitted by PRC laws, the PRC WFOE shall have the right to exercise the exclusive option right against
  the PRC Registered Shareholders or the legitimate successors or representatives of the PRC Registered Shareholders
  pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Exclusive Option Agreement in the event of death, divorce, incapacity,
  bankruptcy of the PRC Registered Shareholders or other circumstances which causes his/her inability to exercise his/her
  rights as a shareholder of Shanghai Yishangshiye.

The aforementioned covenants shall also apply to all the subsidiaries of Shanghai Yishangshiye.

In addition, each of the PRC Registered Shareholders has covenanted that:

• upon a request by the PRC WFOE, it shall consent and appoint the persons appointed by the PRC WFOE to act in the
  positions of director, general management and other senior management, change such appointment at any time as
  required by the PRC WFOE, and proactively cooperate to proceed with such appointment and change of appointment,
  including without limitation, executing necessary documents and making filings with the corresponding administration
  for market regulation with respect to such appointment or change of appointment;

• to the extent permitted by PRC laws, upon the request by the PRC WFOE, it shall transfer all or any part of its equity
  interests in Shanghai Yishangshiye to the PRC WFOE or a person appointed by the PRC WFOE immediately and
  unconditionally at any time, and relinquish the right of first refusal it is entitled to in relation to any equity interests to
  be transferred by any other existing shareholder of Shanghai Yishangshiye. It shall proactively cooperate to proceed with
  such equity transfer, including without limitation, executing necessary documents and filing with the corresponding
  administration for market regulation with respect to such equity transfer; in addition, it shall pay to the PRC WFOE
  or its designated persons all consideration received in connection such transfer in accordance with Exclusive Option
  Agreement;

• it will immediately gift any profits or dividends received from Shanghai Yishangshiye in accordance with the written
  consent by the PRC WFOE to the PRC WFOE or a representative appointed by the PRC WFOE to the extent permitted by
  the PRC laws;

• it shall strictly abide by the provisions of the Exclusive Option Agreement and other agreements entered into with
  Shanghai Yishangshiye and the PRC WFOE, perform the obligations under these agreements in a practical manner, and
  refrain from any action/omission which would affect the validity and enforceability of such agreements; and

• it will gift any liquidation proceeds received from Shanghai Yishangshiye (if any) due to any liquidation of Shanghai
  Yishangshiye caused by any reason (including bankruptcy) to the PRC WFOE or a representative appointed by the PRC
  WFOE to the extent permitted by the PRC laws.




                                                                                                                              77
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




The aforementioned covenants shall also apply to all the subsidiaries of Shanghai Yishangshiye.

The Exclusive Option Agreement shall remain effective unless terminated (i) in the event that the entire equity interests
held by the PRC Registered Shareholders in Shanghai Yishangshiye or all of Shanghai Yishangshiye and its subsidiaries’
assets have been transferred to the PRC WFOE or its appointee(s); or (ii) in writing by the PRC WFOE.

Loan Agreement
The PRC WFOE and the PRC Registered Shareholders have executed a loan agreement (the “Loan Agreement”).
Pursuant to the Loan Agreement, the PRC WFOE enjoys the right of the creditor against the PRC Registered Shareholders
in an aggregate amount of RMB10.00 million (the “Loans”), and such loans have been used for contribution to paid-in
capital of Shanghai Yishangshiye. Pursuant to the Loan Agreement, the PRC Registered Shareholders can only repay the
Loans by the transfer of all their equity interest in Shanghai Yishangshiye or all of the assets of Shanghai Yishangshiye and
its subsidiaries to the PRC WFOE or its designated third party upon the exercise by the PRC WFOE of the exclusive option
right pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Exclusive Option Agreement, and the PRC Registered Shareholders shall
pay all of the proceeds from transfer of such equity interests or assets (to the extent permitted under PRC law) to the PRC
WFOE for such repayment. In the event that the PRC Registered Shareholders transfer their equity interests or assets to
the PRC WFOE or its designated person with a price equivalent to or less than the amount of the principal, the Loans will
be deemed as interest free. If the price is higher than the amount of the principal, the excess amount will be paid to the
PRC WFOE as the loan interest. The term of the Loans shall terminate when the PRC WFOE exercises the exclusive option
right pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Exclusive Option Agreement. The Loans must be repaid immediately
under certain circumstances, including, among others, (i) upon the expiration of 30 days after the PRC WFOE sends a
written notice requesting repayment of the Loans; (ii) in the event of death, divorce, incapacity, bankruptcy of the PRC
Registered Shareholders or other circumstances which causes his/her inability to exercise his/her rights as a shareholder of
Shanghai Yishangshiye; (iii) if the PRC Registered Shareholders engage in criminal acts or are involved in criminal activities;
or (iv) if a foreign investor is permitted to invest in PRC in form of holding majority or 100% equity interest for principal
business currently conducted by Shanghai Yishangshiye and its subsidiaries and branches according to applicable PRC
law, relevant PRC authorities begin to approve such business, and the PRC WFOE elects to exercise its exclusive purchase
option pursuant to the Exclusive Option Agreement.

Shareholder Rights Proxy Agreement
Each of the PRC Registered Shareholders has executed the shareholder rights proxy agreement (the “Proxy Agreement”).
Under the Proxy Agreement, the PRC Registered Shareholders irrevocably appointed the PRC WFOE and its designated
persons (including but not limited to the directors of the parent company of the PRC WFOE and their successors and the
liquidators replacing such directors or successors) as its exclusive agent to exercise on its behalf, any and all rights that it
has in respect of its equity interests in Shanghai Yishangshiye, including without limitation: (i) to propose, convene and
attend shareholder’s meetings of Shanghai Yishangshiye according to its Articles of Association, and to exercise the rights
of voting and making decisions on behalf of the PRC Registered Shareholders on all matters required to be resolved by
shareholders; (ii) to exercise any shareholder rights it is entitled to as shareholder of Shanghai Yishangshiye according to
its Articles of Association, including but not limited to any right to dividends and right to sell, transfer, pledge or dispose
of all or any part of the PRC Registered Shareholders’ equity interests in Shanghai Yishangshiye; (iii) to transfer the equity
interest or approve to transfer the assets of Shanghai Yishangshiye, decrease registered capital of Shanghai Yishangshiye,




78
                                                                                                           Directors’ Report




accept capital increases to Shanghai Yishangshiye by the PRC WFOE or its designated person, execute relevant equity
transfer agreements, asset transfer agreements (if applicable), capital decrease agreements, capital increase agreements,
shareholder resolutions, meeting minutes and other relevant documents on behalf of the PRC Registered Shareholders,
proceed with necessary approvals, registrations, filings or submissions with governmental authorities and companies
registry for the aforesaid matters; (iv) to bring litigation or take other legal actions against the legal representative,
director(s), supervisor(s), general manager or other members of senior management of Shanghai Yishangshiye if any
conduct of the aforesaid has damaged the interests of the PRC WFOE or its shareholder(s); and (v) to exercise all other
shareholders’ rights under Shanghai Yishangshiye’s Articles of Association and other applicable PRC laws and regulations.

The Proxy Agreement is irrevocable and shall remain effective, and may only be terminated in the event that (i) it is
terminated in accordance with mandatory provisions of PRC laws; (ii) in writing by the PRC WFOE; (iii) the business
period of any party to the Proxy Agreement expires; or (iv) the PRC Registered Shareholder has transferred all of its
equity interests in Shanghai Yishangshiye pursuant to the prior written consent by the PRC WFOE, or has decreased the
registered capital of Shanghai Yishangshiye to the extent it does not own any equity interests in Shanghai Yishangshiye,
and has completed the relevant government procedures.

The Proxy Agreement also provides that, in order to avoid potential conflicts of interest where the PRC Registered
Shareholders, are officers or directors of the Group, any exercise of the rights under the Proxy Agreement shall be in favor
of our Company.

Equity Pledge Agreement
The PRC Registered Shareholders have entered into the equity pledge agreement (the “Equity Pledge Agreement”)
with Shanghai Yishangshiye and the PRC WFOE. Pursuant to the Equity Pledge Agreement, the PRC Registered
Shareholders agree to pledge all its equity interests in Shanghai Yishangshiye, including any interest or dividend paid for
the shares, to the PRC WFOE as a security interest to guarantee the performance of contractual obligations under the
relevant PRC Contractual Arrangements.

The equity pledges under the Equity Pledge Agreement comes into effect upon completion of registration with the
relevant administration for market regulation and shall remain valid until after all the contractual obligations of the PRC
Registered Shareholders and Shanghai Yishangshiye under the relevant PRC Contractual Arrangements have been fully
performed. Pursuant to the Equity Pledge Agreement, the PRC Registered Shareholders and Shanghai Yishangshiye agree
that, without prior written consent from the PRC WFOE, the PRC Registered Shareholders shall not transfer the pledged
equity interests or create or allow any third party to create any encumbrance on the pledged equity interests.

Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default (as defined in the Equity Pledge Agreement), the
PRC WFOE shall have the right to exercise all such rights as a secured party under the Equity Pledge Agreement and any
applicable PRC laws, including without limitations, being paid in priority with the equity interests based on the monetary
valuation that such equity interests are converted into or from the proceeds from auction or sale of the equity interest
upon written notice to the PRC Registered Shareholders.

The registrations of the Equity Pledge Agreement in relation to PRC Registered Shareholders had been completed in
January 2023.




                                                                                                                         79
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




Spouse Undertakings
The spouse of each of the relevant PRC Registered Shareholders, where applicable, has signed undertakings to the
effect that (i) he/she has no right to or control over such interests of the respective PRC Registered Shareholder and will
not have any claim on such interests, or exert influence on the day-to-day management or voting matters of Shanghai
Yishangshiye; (ii) confirms that the respective spouse may further amend or terminate the PRC Contractual Arrangements
without the need for authorization or consent by him/her; (iii) the respective spouse’s interests in Shanghai Yishangshiye
(together with any interests therein) do not fall within the scope of communal property; and (iv) if he/she is transferred
any shares of Shanghai Yishangshiye for any reason, he/she will be bound by the PRC Contractual Arrangements and will
observe obligations contained in such agreements, and will sign all necessary documents and to take all necessary actions
to ensure the PRC Contractual Arrangements are properly preformed.

INDONESIAN CONTRACTUAL ARRANGEMENTS
Overview
Due to the restrictions on foreign ownership for companies engaged in Postal Services, we currently hold 100% of our
equity interests in the Indonesian Opco through PT Cakrawala Lintas Benua and PT Sukses Indo Investama (collectively,
the “Indonesian Corporate Registered Shareholders”). To consolidate control over and derive the economic
benefits from the Indonesian Opco to our Group, we have entered into the following contractual arrangements with the
Indonesian Individual and Indonesian Corporate Registered Shareholders.

The following diagram illustrates the structure of the Indonesian Contractual Arrangements:

                            Winner Star
                                                    Flying Jet Express Limited
                        Holdings Limited (HK)

          Offshore          99.9%                          0.1%

          Onshore

                                                                                           Indonesian Individual
                                                                                         Registered Shareholders(1)

                                                                                                      100%


                             Indonesian                                                   Indonesian Corporate
                               WFOE(3)                                                   Registered Shareholders(2)

                                                                                                      100%


                                                  Contractual Arrangements
                                                                                             Indonesian Opco




Notes:

(1) The Indonesian Opco refers to PT Global Jet Express, which is wholly-owned by the Indonesian Corporate Registered Shareholders, which are in turn
    wholly-owned by our affiliates, Mr. Effendy and Mr. Robin Lo (the “Indonesian Individual Registered Shareholders”), namely as to 50% by Mr.
    Effendy and 50% by Mr. Robin Lo. Mr. Robin Lo is the chief executive officer of PT Global Jet Express and Mr. Effendy is the assistant to chief executive
    officer of PT Global Jet Express. Both Robin Lo and Effendy have been the Group’s Indonesia regional senior managers since the Group entered the
    Indonesia market. Considering their deep understanding of the Indonesia market, their long-term commitment to and in-depth understanding of the
    Group, the Company considers that they are suitable to be the Indonesian Individual Registered Shareholders.

(2) The Indonesian Corporate Registered Shareholders executed a number of agreements in favor of the Indonesian WFOE to allow the Indonesian WFOE to
    consolidate control over the Indonesian Opco and derive the full economic benefits from the Indonesian Opco.

(3) The Indonesian WFOE refers to PT Cahaya Global Berjaya, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. It provides technical support, business
    support and relevant consulting services in exchange for service fees from the Indonesian Opco.




80
                                                                                                         Directors’ Report




Under the Law No. 38 of 2009 regarding Post, as amended by the Job Creation Law (the “Indonesian Postal Law”)
and the Law No. 25 of 2007 on Investments as partially amended by the Job Creation Law (the “Investment Law”),
if these conditions are met, foreign ownership in an Indonesian joint venture with a courier business classified under
Indonesia Standard Industrial Classification (Klasikasi Baku Lapangan Usaha Indonesia) (“KBLI”) 53201 may be held up
to 49% direct foreign shares. Other than KBLI 53201 (Courier business) which is subject to foreign ownership restrictions
under the Indonesian Postal Law and Investment Law, the Indonesian Opco also rents its vacant properties that are still
within the lease period and reserved for future office use to other third parties, which is business activity under KBLI
68111 (Privately Owned or Rented Real Estates), a business activity currently not subject to Indonesian foreign investment
restrictions. The revenue contribution of the KBLI 68111 business maintained at less than 5% as at date of this annual
report.

We will continue to monitor the status and developments of relevant Indonesian laws, rules and regulations. If there
are any regulatory or policy changes that would allow the Group to restructure or terminate the Indonesian Contractual
Arrangements to directly hold equity interest in the Indonesian Opco, we will adjust the shareholding structure or
terminate the Indonesian Contractual Arrangements in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

Loan Agreement
Pursuant to a loan agreement entered into between the Indonesian WFOE and the Indonesian Opco on 29 March 2022
(the “Loan Agreement”), the Indonesian WFOE extended a loan in the principal amount of Rp. 3,000,000,000.00
(three billion Indonesian Rupiah) to the Indonesian Opco (the “Loan”). The Loan Agreement has a term of ten years
and will be renewed automatically at the end of such terms for another ten years unless the lender delivers a written
notice of termination. The Loan bears an interest of 9.00% per annum and was secured by the Guarantee Agreement,
Share Pledge Agreements, the Power of Attorneys and the Exclusive Call Option Agreements (collectively, the “Security
Documents”).

The Loan can only be repaid or settled by Indonesian Opco by transferring or selling the shares registered under the
name of the Indonesian Individual Registered Shareholders and the Indonesian Corporate Registered Shareholders to the
Indonesian WFOE or a party designated by the Indonesian WFOE.

If an event of default occurs under the Loan Agreements (including the Indonesian Opco fails to perform or otherwise
violates the Loan Agreement or the Security Documents, the Pledgors (as defined below) fail to be the registered
shareholders of the Indonesian Opco or the Indonesian Corporate Registered Shareholders, occurrence of an event
of default under the Exclusive Technical Service Agreement, or the Indonesian Opco or any parties to the Securities
Documents is declared bankrupt or insolvent), the Indonesian WFOE may (i) declare the Loan to be immediately due and
payable; and (ii) immediately enforce all of its rights under the Loan Agreements and the Security Documents (to the
extent permitting the Indonesian WFOE to (a) transfer the shares of Indonesian Opco to any qualified party, (b) deal with
the assets of Indonesian Opco, and (c) manage the business and right to revenue of Indonesian Opco).

Guarantee Agreement
Pursuant to the guarantee agreements entered by (i) the Indonesian Corporate Registered Shareholders and the Indonesia
WFOE, and (ii) the Indonesian Individual Registered Shareholders and the Indonesian WFOE, both on 29 March 2022 (the
“Guarantee Agreements”), the Indonesian Individual Registered Shareholders and Indonesian Corporate Registered
Shareholders (together, the “Pledgors”) unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed to the Indonesian WFOE the
payment obligation by Indonesian Opco under the Loan Agreement and the Exclusive Technical Service Agreement. The
Guarantee Agreements remain effective until the earlier of (i) the full repayment of amounts outstanding (including the
Loans, any outstanding service fees and any outstanding amounts from time to time) under the Loan Agreement and the
Exclusive Technical Service Agreement or (ii) the exercise of the call option rights pursuant to the Exclusive Call Option
Agreements.

In the event of defaults under the Loan Agreement or the Exclusive Technical Service Agreement, the Indonesian
WFOE shall be entitled to seek the Indonesian Individual Registered Shareholders and Indonesian Corporate Registered
Shareholders to perform their obligations under the Security Documents. For more details, see “Exclusive Call Option
Agreement” below.


                                                                                                                       81
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




Exclusive Call Option Agreement
Pursuant to the call option agreements entered into between the Indonesian WFOE, the Indonesian Individual Registered
Shareholders and the Indonesian Corporate Registered Shareholders on 29 March 2022 (the “Exclusive Call Option
Agreement”), the Indonesian WFOE has the exclusive right to (i) require the Indonesian Corporate Registered
Shareholders to transfer all shares in Indonesian Opco, (ii) require the Indonesian Individual Registered Shareholders
to transfer all shares in the Indonesian Corporate Registered Shareholders, or (iii) require the Indonesian Corporate
Registered Shareholders to transfer all assets in Indonesian Opco, in each case to the Indonesian WFOE or a third party
designated by the Indonesian WFOE (as the case may be and in accordance with Indonesian Laws). The transfer price will
be equal to the amount of par value of such transferred shares or such price set forth in an equity transfer agreement to
be executed among relevant parties, as applicable. The Exclusive Call Option Agreements remain effective until the full
payment of Indonesian Opco’s obligations under the Loan Agreement. The Indonesian Individual Registered Shareholders
and the Indonesian Corporate Registered Shareholders agree to return to the Indonesian WFOE (or the entity designated
by the Indonesian WFOE) any consideration they receive in the event that any of the options under the Exclusive Call
Option Agreements is exercised.

To the extent permitted by Indonesian laws, the Indonesian WFOE shall have the right to exercise the exclusive option
right against the Indonesian Individual and Indonesian Corporate Registered Shareholders or the legitimate successors
or representatives of the Indonesian Individual and Indonesian Corporate Registered Shareholders pursuant to the terms
and conditions of the Exclusive Call Option Agreement in the event of death, incapacity, bankruptcy of the Indonesian
Individual and Indonesian Corporate Registered Shareholders or other circumstances which causes his inability to exercise
his rights as a shareholder of the Indonesian Opco.

Share Pledge Agreements
Pursuant to the share pledge agreements entered into between the Indonesian WFOE, the Indonesian Individual
Registered Shareholders and the Indonesian Corporate Registered Shareholders on 29 March 2022 (the “Share Pledge
Agreements”), the Share Pledge Agreements have the following terms:

• the Indonesian Individual Registered Shareholders pledged all of the shares in Indonesian Corporate Registered
  Shareholders to the Indonesian WFOE, and

• the Indonesian Corporate Registered Shareholders pledged all the shares in the Indonesian Opco to the Indonesian
  WFOE,

to guarantee the performance of obligations by the Indonesian Individual Registered Shareholders and Indonesian
Corporate Registered Shareholders under the Guarantee Agreements, as well as the performance of obligations by
Indonesian Opco under the Loan Agreement.

Pursuant to the Share Pledge Agreements, Pledgors are required deliver to Indonesian WFOE all share certificates and
other evidence of ownership in relation to the shares in Indonesian Individual Registered Shareholders and Indonesian
Opco. Each of the Pledgors undertook that during the term of the Share Pledge Agreements, they shall not, among
others, sell, dispose of, assign, transfer, pledge or encumber the pledged shares, or allow any other pledge or
encumbrance to be created with respect to the pledged shares.

The Share Pledge Agreements remain effective until the full payment of Indonesian Opco’s obligations under the Loan
Agreement.




82
                                                                                                              Directors’ Report




Exclusive Technical Service Agreement
Pursuant to the exclusive technical service agreement entered into between the Indonesian WFOE and the Indonesian
Opco on 29 March 2022 (the “Exclusive Technical Service Agreement”), in exchange for service fees, the Indonesian
Opco agreed to engage the Indonesian WFOE as its exclusive provider to provide advice, guidance on business operations
and other organizational and management issues, and pay the service fees, such as (i) strategic and organizational
planning; (ii) decisions related to finance; (iii) marketing objectives and policies; (iv) human resource planning, practices
and policies; (v) planning scheduling and controlling production, advisory assistance, guidance and operation of various
management functions; (vi) design of accounting methods and procedures, cost accounting programs, budget monitoring
procedures; and (vii) advice and assistance for business and community services.

Under the Exclusive Technical Service Agreement, the service fee payable to the Indonesian WFOE will be equal to the
consolidated net profits of the Indonesian Opco and its subsidiaries (revenue deducted by turnover taxes, total expenses
and retained profits), subject to adjustments at the Indonesian WFOE’s discretion.

Without the Indonesian WFOE’s prior written consent, during the term of the Exclusive Technical Service Agreement, the
Indonesian Opco will not, directly or indirectly, accept services pertaining to the Exclusive Technical Service Agreement
provided by any third party.

Unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of the Exclusive Technical Service Agreement, the Exclusive Technical
Service Agreement shall remain effective perpetually. Pursuant to the Exclusive Technical Service Agreement, all invention,
modification, creation, or design created or developed by the Indonesian WFOE during its performance of the Exclusive
Technical Service Agreement, and all related copyrights, trademarks, patents and all other intellectual property rights shall
be owned by the Indonesian WFOE. Where such ownership is precluded due to the laws of the Republic of Indonesia,
Indonesian Opco shall sign any documents and take, or cause to be taken, any other action necessary, to effect the
complete and irrevocable assignment of the said ownership rights to the Indonesian WFOE.

Power of Attorney
Pursuant to the powers of attorney to vote and powers of attorney to sell by and among the Indonesian WFOE, the
Indonesian Corporate Registered Shareholders and Indonesian Opco executed on 29 March 2022, each Indonesian
Corporate Registered Shareholder irrevocably appointed the Indonesian WFOE as its attorney to do and perform, among
others, the following actions:

• to exercise all applicable shareholders’ voting and related rights with respect to such shareholder’s equity interest,
  including to exercise the voting rights on behalf of the Indonesian Corporate Registered Shareholders,

• to sign meeting minutes and other relevant documents on behalf of the Indonesian Registered Shareholders, and

• to proceed with necessary approvals, registrations, filings or submissions with governmental authorities.

The power of attorney will be irrevocable and remain continuously effective and valid until the full payment of Indonesian
Opco’s obligations under the Loan Agreement.




                                                                                                                            83
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




Spousal Consent and Undertakings
The spouse of each of the relevant Indonesian Individual Registered Shareholders, where applicable, has signed
undertakings to the effect that she (i) consents to her spouse entering into the Indonesian Contractual Arrangements; (ii)
acknowledges that the Indonesian Contractual Arrangements entered into by her spouse will also be binding against her;
(iii) has no right to or control over any interests in the Indonesian Corporate Registered Shareholders and will not have any
claim on such interests; and (iv) will sign all necessary documents and take all necessary actions to ensure the Indonesian
Contractual Arrangements are properly performed.


THE PROVISIONS THAT THE CONTRACTUAL ARRANGEMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO
OTHER THAN FOREIGN OWNERSHIP RESTRICTIONS
All Contractual Arrangements are subject to the restrictions set out on pages 292 to 295 of the prospectus. During the
period from the Listing Date to 31 December 2025, there was no material change in the Contractual Arrangements and/
or the circumstances under which they were adopted, and none of the Contractual Arrangements had been unwound
as the regulatory restrictions that led to their adoptions were not lifted during the period from the Listing Date to 31
December 2025.


LISTING RULES IMPLICATIONS AND WAIVERS FROM THE STOCK EXCHANGE
For the purpose of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, our Consolidated Affiliated Entities will be treated as our Company’s
subsidiaries, but at the same time, the directors, chief executives or substantial shareholders of the Consolidated Affiliated
Entities and its associates will be treated as connected persons of our Company as applicable under the Listing Rules
(excluding for this purpose, the Consolidated Affiliated Entities themselves). Therefore, the transactions contemplated
under the Contractual Arrangements constitute continuing connected transactions of our Company under the Listing
Rules.

Our Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) are of the view that the Contractual Arrangements and
the transactions contemplated thereunder are fundamental to our Group’s legal structure and business, that such
transactions have been and will be entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of our Group, are on normal
commercial terms and are fair and reasonable and in the interests of our Company and the Shareholders as a whole, and
it is normal business practice for the Contractual Arrangements to be of a term greater than three years. Accordingly,
notwithstanding that the transactions contemplated under the Contractual Arrangements technically constitute
continuing connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, the Directors consider that, given that our
Group is placed in a special situation in relation to the connected transactions rules under the Contractual Arrangements,
it would be unduly burdensome and impracticable, and would add unnecessary administrative costs to our Company if
such transactions are subject to strict compliance with the requirements set out under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




84
                                                                                                              Directors’ Report




In respect of the Contractual Arrangements, we have applied to the Stock Exchange for, and the Stock Exchange has
granted us, a waiver from strict compliance with (i) the announcement, circular and independent Shareholders’ approval
requirements under Rule 14A.105 of the Listing Rules, (ii) the requirement to set a term of three years or less under Rule
14A.52 of the Listing Rules, and (iii) the requirement of setting annual caps for the transaction under the Contractual
Arrangements under Rule 14A.53 of the Listing Rules, for so long as our Class B Shares are listed on the Stock Exchange,
subject, however, to the following conditions:

(a) No change without independent non-executive Directors’ approval;

(b) No change without independent Shareholders’ approval;

(c) The Contractual Arrangements shall continue to enable our Group to receive the economic benefits derived by the
    Consolidated Affiliated Entities;

(d) The Contractual Arrangements may be renewed and/or reproduced on substantially the same terms and conditions as
    the existing contractual arrangements upon expiry; and

(e) We will disclose details relating to the Contractual Arrangements on an on-going basis.


CONFIRMATION FROM INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the Contractual Arrangements and confirmed that (i) the
transactions carried out during the year ended 31 December 2025 were entered into in accordance with the relevant
provisions of the Contractual Arrangements; (ii) during the year ended 31 December 2025, no dividends or other
distributions have been made by our Consolidated Affiliated Entities to their holders of equity which are not otherwise
subsequently assigned or transferred to our Group; (iii) as to the Group, any new contracts entered into, renewed or
reproduced between the Group and the Consolidated Affiliated Entities during the year ended 31 December 2025 are fair
and reasonable or advantageous to our Shareholders, and in the interests of the Company and Shareholders as a whole.


CONFIRMATION FROM THE COMPANY’S INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
Pursuant to Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Board received a letter from the auditor confirming that:

(a) no disclosed continuing connected transactions have been identified that have not been approved by the Board of the
    Company;

(b) no material aspects of the transactions were found to have been carried out in a manner not in accordance with the
    relevant agreements governing their transactions; and

(c) no circumstances have been identified where dividends or other distributions have been paid by Consolidated
    Affiliated Entities to their holders of equity which have not been subsequently transferred or assigned to the Group.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the Companies Act, which would
oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to its existing Shareholders.


TAX RELIEF
The Directors are not aware of any tax relief or exemption available to the Shareholders of the Company by reason of
their holding of the Company’s securities.




                                                                                                                            85
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




AUDITOR
The Group’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 have been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers. PricewaterhouseCoopers has served as auditor of the Company for 3 consecutive years and
PricewaterhouseCoopers will retire at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company. A resolution for re-
appointment of the independent auditor of the Company will be proposed at the 2025 annual general meeting.

There has been no change in auditor of the Company in the last three years.


PUBLIC FLOAT
According to the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Board, the
Company has maintained sufficient public float as required under the Listing Rules as at date of this annual report.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has no distributable reserves.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
In 2025, the Group’s five largest customers contributed to 41.3% of the Group’s total revenue, the Group’s largest
customer contributed to 30.6% of the revenue from the sale of goods or the provision of services. The Group’s five
largest suppliers accounted for 6.5% of the Group’s total purchases.

For the year ended 31 December 2025, none of the Directors, their respective associates or any Shareholders (which,
to the best knowledge of the Directors, owns more than 5% of the Company’s issued Shares) has any interest in the
Group’s five largest customers.


MATERIAL LITIGATIONS
During the Reporting Period, the Company was not involved in any material litigations or arbitrations.


WEIGHTED VOTING RIGHTS
The Company has adopted the WVR Structure. Under this structure, the Company’s share capital comprise Class A Shares
and Class B Shares. Each Class A Share shall entitle its holder to ten votes, and each Class B Share shall entitle its holder
to one vote, on each resolution subject to a vote at the Company’s general meetings on a poll, except for resolutions with
respect to the Reserved Matters, in relation to which each Class A Share and each Class B Share shall entitle its holder to
one vote on a poll at a general meeting. The Company has adopted the WVR Structure to enable the WVR Beneficiary
to exercise voting control over the Company. This will enable the Company to benefit from the continuing vision and
leadership of the WVR Beneficiary who will control the Company with a view to its long-term prospects and strategy.

Shareholders and prospective investors are advised to be aware of the potential risks of investing in companies with
weighed voting rights structures, in particular that interests of the WVR Beneficiary may not necessarily always be aligned
with those of our Shareholders as a whole, and that the WVR Beneficiary will be in a position to exert significant influence
over the affairs of our Company and the outcome of shareholders’ resolutions, irrespective of how other shareholders
vote. Prospective investors should make the decision to invest in the Company only after due and careful consideration.




86
                                                                                                               Directors’ Report




As of 31 December 2025, the WVR Beneficiary is Mr. Jet Jie Li. Mr. Jet Jie Li beneficially owns 971,390,048 Class A Shares
and 7,943,362 Class B Shares, representing approximately 55.12% of the total voting rights in the Company with respect
to shareholder resolutions relating to matters other than the Reserved Matters. The Class A Shares beneficially owned by
Mr. Jet Jie Li are held by Jumping Summit Limited, a company jointly owned by Topping Summit Limited and Exceeding
Summit Holding Limited. Topping Summit Limited, wholly-owned by Mr. Jet Jie Li, holds 5% of the equity interest in
Jumping Summit Limited. Exceeding Summit Holding Limited, the entire equity interest of which is held by Vistra Trust
(Singapore) Pte. Limited as trustee for the family trust established by Mr. Jet Jie Li for the benefit of himself and his family,
holds the remaining 95% equity interest in Jumping Summit Limited.

Class A Shares may be converted into Class B Shares on a one to one ratio. As of 31 December 2025, upon conversion
of all the outstanding Class A Shares to Class B Shares, the Company will issue 971,390,048 Class B Shares, representing
approximately 12.25% of the total number of outstanding Class B Shares or 10.91% of the issued share capital of the
Company.

The weighted voting rights attached to our Class A Shares will cease when the WVR Beneficiary ceases to have beneficial
ownership of any of our Class A Shares, in accordance with Rule 8A.22 of the Listing Rules. This may occur:

(i) upon the occurrence of any of the circumstances set out in Rule 8A.17 of the Listing Rules, in particular where the
    WVR Beneficiary is: (1) deceased; (2) no longer a member of our Board; (3) deemed by the Stock Exchange to be
    incapacitated for the purpose of performing his duties as a director; or (4) deemed by the Stock Exchange to no
    longer meet the requirements of a director set out in the Listing Rules;

(ii) when the holders of Class A Shares have transferred to another person the beneficial ownership of, or economic
     interest in, all of the Class A Shares or the voting rights attached to them, other than in the circumstances permitted
     by Rule 8A.18 of the Listing Rules;

(iii) where a vehicle holding Class A Shares on behalf of a WVR Beneficiary no longer complies with Rule 8A.18(2) of the
      Listing Rules; or

(iv) when all of the Class A Shares have been converted to Class B Shares.

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
On 15 January 2026, the Company and S.F. Holding entered into the share subscription agreement (the “Share
Subscription Agreement”), pursuant to which (i) the Company has conditionally agreed to subscribe for, and S.F.
Holding has conditionally agreed to issue, 225,877,669 H Shares of S.F. Holding at the subscription price of HK$36.74 per
H Share of S.F. Holding; and (ii) the Company has conditionally agreed to issue, and S.F. Holding has conditionally agreed
to subscribe for, 821,657,973 Class B Shares at the issue price of HK$10.10 per Class B Share, in each case subject to
the terms and conditions set out in the Share Subscription Agreement (collectively, the “Proposed Transactions”). The
completion of the Proposed Transactions is conditional upon the satisfaction of the conditions as set out in the Share
Subscription Agreement. For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 15 January 2026 and
the circular dated 27 March 2026.

On 5 February 2026, Bolt Innovation Limited (the “Bond Issuer”), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, completed
the issuance of convertible bonds in an aggregate principal amount of HK$4,650 million with the guarantee provided
by the Company (the “2026 Convertible Bonds”). The 2026 Convertible Bonds have been offered and sold by the
managers to not less than six (6) independent placees (who are independent individual, corporate and/or institutional
investors). The net proceeds will be used to further develop the Group’s overseas business and technology advancement,
optimize the Group’s capital structure including share repurchase, and for general corporate purposes. For further details,
please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 23 January 2026 and 5 February 2026.

Save as disclosed above, no material events have occurred after 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this annual
report which would have an effect on the Group.


                                                                                                                              87
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF ANNUAL REPORT
The Audit Committee of the Company comprises one non-executive Director, Ms. Alice Yu-fen Cheng, and two
independent non-executive Directors, Mr. Peter Lai Hock Meng (the chairman) and Mr. Erh Fei Liu. The Audit Committee
of the Company has reviewed the consolidated financial statements and annual report of the Company for the year
ended 31 December 2025. The consolidated financial statements and annual report of the Group for the year ended 31
December 2025 were approved and authorized for issuance by the Board of Directors on 30 March 2026.




On behalf of the Board
Jet Jie Li
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Hong Kong, 30 March 2026




88
                                                                                               Corporate Governance Report




VII. Corporate Governance Report
The Board is pleased to present the Corporate Governance Report of the Company for the year ended 31 December
2025.


CORPORATE CULTURE
The Group integrates its corporate culture into its daily operations and adopts the values of “benfen, sharing and
responsibility” to guide the conduct and behavior of its employees. The Board is committed to ensuring that the Group’s
long-term strategies are aligned with the mission and vision of the corporate culture to ensure satisfactory and sustainable
returns to Shareholders, the delivery of high-quality services to the customers and maintain high standards of ethics.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Company is committed to achieving high standards of corporate governance to promote the long-term development
of the Company and safeguard the interests of the shareholders. To this end, the Company has adopted the Corporate
Governance Code and, save for the deviation from code provision C.2.1 in Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code as
disclosed in the section headed “Chairman and Chief Executive Officer” below, the Company has complied with all the
code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules during the Reporting
Period. The Board also continually evaluates and improves the Company’s corporate governance methods by reviewing
and updating our policies and procedures regularly to constantly improve management quality and efficiency, so as to
respond to the changing market and regulatory environment.


DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has formulated and adopted its internal code of conduct (“Code of Conduct”) for the trading of securities
by its Directors and members of senior management of the Company on terms that are no less exacting than the required
standard set out in the Model Code.

Having made a specific enquiry to all Directors and members of senior management, all Directors and members of senior
management have confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code and the
Code of Conduct of the Company during the Reporting Period. The Company continues and will continue to ensure
compliance with the corresponding provisions set out in the Model Code and the Code of Conduct of the Company.




                                                                                                                         89
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Board Composition
During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report, the Board comprised:

Executive Director
Mr. Jet Jie Li (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)

Non-executive Directors
Ms. Alice Yu-fen Cheng
Ms. Qinghua Liao
Mr. Yuan Zhang

Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Erh Fei Liu
Mr. Peng Shen
Mr. Peter Lai Hock Meng

The biographical information of the Directors is set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of this
annual report.

None of the members of the Board and senior management have financial, business, family or other material/relevant
relationships with one another.




90
                                                                                               Corporate Governance Report




CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
According to code provision C.2.1 of Part 2 of the CG Code, the roles of the chairman of the Board and the chief
executive officer should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual. The division of responsibilities
between the chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer should be clearly established and set out in writing.
The Company does not separate the roles of the chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Jet
Jie Li currently takes up both roles. Given that Mr. Jet Jie Li is the founder of the Group and has extensive experience in
the Group’s business operation and management, the Board believes that Mr. Jet Jie Li serves as the chairman of the
Board and the Chief Executive Officer is conducive to consistent leadership within the Group and enables more effective
and efficient overall strategic planning for the Group. Such structure will enable the Company to make and implement
decisions promptly and efficiently. The Board believes that the arrangement will not impair the balance of power and
authority. In addition, all major decisions are also made in consultation with members of the Board (including the relevant
Board committees and the three independent non-executive Directors). From time to time, the Board will reassess the
division of the roles of the chairman from that of the Chief Executive Officer, and may recommend separating the two
roles into different individuals in the future, taking into account the circumstances of the Group as a whole.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
During the Reporting Period, the Board has been in compliance with the requirements of Rule 3.10(1) and (2) and Rule
3.10A of the Listing Rules, i.e. the Board shall appoint at least three independent non-executive Directors representing
one-third of the Board with one of whom possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related
financial management expertise. The independent non-executive Directors bring independent opinions on issues
of strategy, policy, performance, accountability, resources, key appointments and standards of conduct, and make
contributions with their skills, expertise and various backgrounds and qualifications.

The Company has received an annual confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in respect of his
independence in accordance with Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that all independent non-
executive Directors are independent during the Reporting Period.


TERM OF SERVICE OF NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Each of the non-executive Directors and the independent non-executive Directors has entered into an appointment
letter with the Company, pursuant to which, his or her initial term of service shall be three years commencing from the
Listing Date or until the third annual general meeting of the Company after the Listing Date, whichever is earlier. Such
appointments shall be subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association in relation to the retirement and rotation of
Directors.

Pursuant to the provisions of the Articles of Association, at each annual general meeting, one-third of the Directors for
the time being, or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but not less than one
third, shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director, including those appointed for a specific term and
the independent non-executive Directors, shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.




                                                                                                                         91
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE BOARD AND THE MANAGEMENT
The Board and the management of the Company shall assume their respective responsibilities and work together to
maintain and enhance the corporate governance standard of the Company.

The Board shall undertake the ultimate responsibility for corporate governance. It shall be responsible for setting the
strategic direction of the Company, supervising the management’s execution effectiveness, ensuring compliance with
relevant laws and regulations and the Listing Rules by the Company, and monitoring the Company’s risk management
and internal control system.

The Board may from time to time entrust to and confer senior management all or any of the powers of the Board
that it may think fit. Senior management shall be responsible for the overall strategic planning, and overseeing and
implementing the business operations of the Group.

The Company has maintained appropriate liability insurance for the Directors and senior management of the Company in
respect of the performance of their duties.


CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS
In accordance with Principle C.1 in Part 2 of the CG Code, all Directors shall engage in continuous professional
development to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.

Every newly appointed Director has received formal and comprehensive induction on the first occasion of his/her
appointment to ensure an appropriate understanding of the business and operations of the Company and full awareness
of the Director’s responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements.

Directors should participate in appropriate professional development to learn and refresh their knowledge and skills. The
Company will provide written materials on relevant topics for Directors where appropriate. All Directors are encouraged
to attend relevant training courses at the Company’s expense.

The continuous professional training that has been received by the Directors during the Reporting Period is recorded as
follows:

                                                                                                                                    Participation
                                                                                                                                   in Continuing
                                                                                                                                     Professional
 Name of Director                                                                                                                      Training(1)

 Mr. Jet Jie Li                                                                                                                                    ✓
 Ms. Alice Yu-fen Cheng                                                                                                                            ✓
 Ms. Qinghua Liao                                                                                                                                  ✓
 Mr. Yuan Zhang                                                                                                                                    ✓
 Mr. Erh Fei Liu                                                                                                                                   ✓
 Mr. Peng Shen                                                                                                                                     ✓
 Mr. Peter Lai Hock Meng                                                                                                                           ✓

Note:

1. Attended training/seminar/conference arranged by the Company or other external parties or read materials related to (including) Directors’ duties and
   responsibilities, corporate governance and provisions of the Listing Rules.




92
                                                                                                            Corporate Governance Report




BOARD ACTIVITY

During the Reporting Period, the Company held five Board meetings, three Audit Committee meetings, two
Remuneration Committee meetings, two Nomination Committee meetings and two Corporate Governance Committee
meetings. The attendance of each director at Board and Committee meetings of the Company, whether in person or by
means of electronic communication, is detailed in the table below:

                                                              Number of Attendance/Number of Meetings
                                                                                                                             Corporate
                                                                   Audit Remuneration                  Nomination          Governance
 Name of Director                                Board         Committee   Committee                    Committee           Committee

 Mr. Jet Jie Li                                      5/5                   –                 2/2                 2/2                    –
 Ms. Alice Yu-fen Cheng                              5/5                 3/3                   –                   –                    –
 Ms. Qinghua Liao(Note)                              5/5                   –                   –                 N/A                    –
 Mr. Yuan Zhang                                      5/5                   –                   –                   –                    –
 Mr. Erh Fei Liu                                     5/5                 3/3                 2/2                 2/2                  2/2
 Mr. Peng Shen                                       5/5                   –                 2/2                 2/2                  2/2
 Mr. Peter Lai Hock Meng(Note)                       5/5                 3/3                   –                 N/A                  2/2

Note:   Ms. Qinghua Liao and Mr. Peter Lai Hock Meng have been appointed as members of the Nomination Committee with effect from 16 December
        2025.


At the Board meetings held during the Reporting Period, the Board discussed a wide range of matters, including the
Company’s financial and operational performances, approved interim and annual results of the Company, business
prospects and other significant matters.

In addition to the aforementioned meetings, the chairman of the Board held one meeting with the independent non-
executive Directors during the Reporting Period.

On 18 June 2025, the Company held its annual general meeting to consider and approve (i) the proposed review,
consideration and adoption of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries for the
year ended 31 December 2024, together with the reports of the Board and the auditors; (ii) the proposed re-election
of Ms. Qinghua Liao as a non-executive director, and Mr. Erh Fei Liu and Mr. Peng Shen as independent non-executive
Directors; (iii) the proposed authorisation of the Board to determine the remuneration of the directors of the Company; (iv)
the proposed re-appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers as the auditor and the authorization of the Board to fix their
remuneration; (v) the proposed grant to the directors of a general mandate to repurchase Class B shares of the Company
(up to 10% of the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares) as at the date of passing the resolution);
(vi) the proposed grant to the directors of a general mandate to allot, issue and deal with new Class B shares (up to
20% of the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares) as at the date of passing the resolution); (vii) the
proposed extension of the said allotment mandate by an additional number of shares equal to the total number of shares
repurchased by the Company. All proposed resolutions to the annual general meeting were taken by poll, and the poll
results were set out in the Company’s announcement dated 18 June 2025. The chairman of the Board, other members of
the Board and senior management attended the annual general meeting and engaged in discussions with shareholders.




                                                                                                                                         93
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




BOARD COMMITTEES
According to the CG Code, as well as the relevant laws and regulations, the Company has established four Board
committees, namely, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee, and the Corporate
Governance Committee. All Board committees of the Company are established with specific written terms of reference.


AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Company has established an Audit Committee in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules and the CG Code.
During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee consists of one non-executive Director, namely, Ms. Alice Yu-fen
Cheng, and two independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Peter Lai Hock Meng and Mr. Erh Fei Liu. Mr. Peter Lai
Hock Meng is the chairman of the Audit Committee and has appropriate accounting and related financial management
expertise as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the Listing Rules.

The main duties of the Audit Committee include but are not limited to:

• making recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external auditor,
  approving the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditor, and solving any questions of its
  resignation or dismissal;

• reviewing and monitoring the external auditor’s independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of the audit process
  in accordance with applicable standards;

• monitoring the integrity of the Company’s financial statements, annual reports, accounts, interim reports and, if
  prepared for publication, quarterly reports, and reviewing significant financial reporting judgments contained in them;

• reviewing the Company’s financial controls, risk management and internal control systems;

• reviewing the Company and its subsidiaries’ financial and accounting policies and practices; and

• reviewing and monitoring the Company’s environmental, social and governance policies and practices to ensure
  compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.

According to code provision D.3.3(e)(i) in the Part 2 of the CG Code, the Audit Committee must meet with the
Company’s auditor at least twice a year. During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee held three meetings and held
two meetings with the external auditors in the absence of executive Directors to review the Company’s financial reports
and accounts.


REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The Company has established a Remuneration Committee in compliance with Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules and the CG
Code. During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee consists of one executive Director, namely, Mr. Jet
Jie Li, and two independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Erh Fei Liu and Mr. Peng Shen. Mr. Erh Fei Liu is the
chairman of the Remuneration Committee.

The main duties of the Remuneration Committee include but are not limited to:

• making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all Directors’ and senior
  management’s remuneration;

• making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior
  management;

94
                                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report




• making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors; and

• reviewing and/or approving matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, including any
  grants of options or awards to Directors and senior management.

During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee held two meetings to review the policy and structure for
Directors’ and senior management’s remuneration, as well as to review the grant of awards pursuant to the 2024 Share
Incentive Scheme, and to make recommendations to the Board on the above matters. The Remuneration Committee
considered that the grant of awards to employee participants under the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme was appropriate
and in line with the purpose of the scheme.

POLICY ON DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATIONS
The Company has adopted a policy on Directors’ remuneration. The remunerations of our Directors are paid in the form
of salaries, allowances, benefits in kind, pension scheme contributions and share-based compensation. Remuneration is
recommended and determined on the basis of the qualifications and responsibilities of each Director and the performance
of the Group. Details of the remunerations of Directors for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in Note 37 to
the consolidated financial statements.

For the year ended 31 December 2025, the remuneration of the members of the Company’s senior management (excluding
the members of the senior management who are also executive Directors) by the level of remuneration is set out in Note
38 to the consolidated financial statements.

NOMINATION COMMITTEE
The Company has established a Nomination Committee in compliance with the CG Code and Rule 3.27A and Rule 8A.27
of the Listing Rules. During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee consists of one executive Director, namely,
Mr. Jet Jie Li, one non-executive Director, namely, Ms. Qinghua Liao and three independent non-executive Directors,
namely, Mr. Erh Fei Liu, Mr. Peng Shen and Mr. Peter Lai Hock Meng. Mr. Erh Fei Liu is the chairman of the Nomination
Committee.

The main duties of the Nomination Committee include but are not limited to:

• to review the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least
  annually, to assist the Board in preparing a board skills matrix, and to make recommendations on any proposed changes
  to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategy;

• to develop the criteria for identifying and assessing the qualification of and evaluating candidates for directorship;

• to identify individuals who are suitably qualified to become a member of the Board and to select or make
  recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;

• to assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors;

• to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of directors and succession planning for
  directors, in particular the Chairperson of the Board and the chief executive of the Company;

• to review the implementation and effectiveness of the Board Diversity Policy and the measurable objectives that the
  Board has adopted for implementing the relevant policy, and monitor the progress on achieving the objectives on
  annual basis and disclose the policy or a summary of the policy in the corporate governance report;

• to review the implementation and effectiveness of the Workforce Diversity Policy regularly, and monitor the progress on
  achieving the measurable objectives (where applicable) adopted for senior management and the workforce (excluding
  senior management) on annual basis;

• to support the Company’s regular evaluation of the Board’s performance;

• to review and assess each Director’s individual commitment and contribution to the Board as well as the Director’s
  ability to discharge his or her responsibilities effectively; and


                                                                                                                           95
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




• to consider such other matters as the Board may from time to time determine.

During the Reporting Period, the Company held two meetings of Nomination Committee to review the structure, size and
composition of the Board, the diversity policy of Board members and the independence of the independent non-executive
Directors, to make nominations of independent non-executive Directors to the Board, and to make recommendations to
the Board on the re-election of Directors at the annual general meeting.

Board Diversity Policy
The Company has adopted a board diversity policy which sets out the approach to achieve diversity of the Board.
Pursuant to the board diversity policy, in reviewing and assessing suitable candidates to serve as a Director of the
Company, the Nomination Committee will consider a number of factors, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural
and educational background, professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and industry experience. Pursuant to the board
diversity policy, in deciding the Board’s composition, Board diversity shall be considered from the above-mentioned aspects.
All appointments of the Board will be based on meritocracy, where the Company focuses on evaluating what skills,
experience, and diverse viewpoints and perspectives that candidates can bring to the Board, and how they can make
contributions to the Board. The final decision will be based on the strengths of candidates and the contributions they can
make to the Board. The Company confirms that as of the end of the Reporting Period, the Board includes professionals
with different professional backgrounds such as marketing, electronic engineering, finance, accounting and management,
genders and ages, among whom female Directors account for 28.6% of the total number of Directors. The composition
of the Board conforms to the provisions of the Listing Rules on Board diversity (including gender diversity) and the
diversity policy formulated by the Company. The Company pays attention to the importance and benefits of gender
diversity of Board members, and the Board diversity policy of the Company can ensure that the Board will have alternate
potential successors to maintain the existing gender diversity of the Board.

The Nomination Committee has evaluated the implementation of the Board diversity policy during the Reporting Period
to ensure its continuous effectiveness. Our Board currently consists of seven Directors, including two female Directors. We
have taken and will continue to take steps to promote and enhance gender diversity at all levels of our Company. We will
also ensure that there is gender diversity when recruiting staff at mid to senior level, as well as engage more resources in
training more female staff with the aim of providing a pipeline of female senior management and potential successors to
our Board going forward.

Workforce diversity
As of 31 December 2025, the Group had 217,241 full-time employees (including senior management), of whom
78.49% were male employees and 21.51% were female employees. In order to promote gender diversity of employees,
the Company plans to provide a full range of training, including but not limited to business operations, management,
accounting and finance, and legal compliance, to employees who we believe have the appropriate experience, skills and
knowledge in operations and business.

Director Nomination Policy
The Company has adopted a director nomination policy in compliance with the CG Code, which sets out the procedures
and process for the nomination and appointment of directors of the Company. The Nomination Committee may refer to
certain selection criteria, including but not limited to integrity, professional qualifications and skills, time commitment and
diversity in all respects, in terms of appointing suitable proposed candidates and potential contribution to the Board.

If the Board proposes a resolution to elect an individual as an independent non-executive Director at the general meeting,
the circular to shareholders and/or explanatory statement accompanying the notice of the relevant general meeting shall
set out the reasons for the election of such individual and the relevant information of the candidate shall be disclosed in
accordance with the Listing Rules, the Articles of Association and/or the applicable laws and regulations.




96
                                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




If a shareholder (other than the individual to be proposed) is duly qualified to attend and vote at a general meeting
convened wishes to propose a person other than a retiring Director for election as a Director at any general meeting,
he/she shall send a notice in writing to the Company’s head office or registered office. The notice shall set out the
shareholder’s intention to propose such person for election as a Director and the contact details and biographical details
(including the directorships in other listed companies held by him/her in the last three (3) years and his/her other major
appointments and professional qualifications) of the proposed candidate as required under Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing
Rules. In addition, the notice shall be signed by such shareholder and the person to be proposed to indicate that such
person wishes to offer himself/herself for election and consent to the disclosure of his/her personal data.

The minimum length of the period during which such notices are given shall be at least seven days and the period for the
lodgement of such notices shall commence no earlier than the day after the dispatch of the notice of the general meeting
appointed for such election and end no later than seven days prior to the date of such general meeting.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE
The Company has established a Corporate Governance Committee in compliance with the CG Code and Rule 8A.30 of
the Listing Rules. During the Reporting Period, the Corporate Governance Committee consists of three independent non
executive Directors, namely, Mr. Peng Shen, Mr. Erh Fei Liu and Mr. Peter Lai Hock Meng. Mr. Peng Shen is the chairman
of the Corporate Governance Committee.

The main duties of the Corporate Governance Committee include but are not limited to:

• developing, reviewing and assessing the adequacy of the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance
  and making recommendations to the Board;

• reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management
  of the Company;

• reviewing and monitoring the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;

• reviewing the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report;

• reviewing and monitoring whether the Company is operated and managed for the benefit of all its shareholders;

• confirming, on an annual basis, that the WVR beneficiaries have been members of the Board throughout the year and
  that no matters under Rule 8A.17 of the Listing Rules have occurred during the relevant financial year;

• confirming, on an annual basis, whether or not the WVR beneficiaries have complied with Rules 8A.14, 8A.15, 8A.18
  and 8A.24 of the Listing Rules throughout the year;

• reviewing and monitoring the management of conflicts of interests and make a recommendation to the Board on
  any matter where there is a potential conflict of interest between the Company, a subsidiary of the Company and/or
  Shareholders of the Company (considered as a group) on one hand and any WVR beneficiaries on the other; and

• seeking to ensure effective and on-going communication between the Company and its Shareholders.

During the Reporting Period, the Company held two meetings of the Corporate Governance Committee and a summary
of major matters reviewed is set out below:

• to review and monitor the training and continuing professional development of Directors and senior management;


                                                                                                                       97
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




• to review the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholder communication policy;

• the WVR Beneficiary has complied with Rules 8A.14, 8A.15, 8A.18 and 8A.24 of the Listing Rules during the Reporting
  Period;

• the WVR Beneficiary has been the member of the Board and that no matters under Rule 8A.17 of the Listing Rules have
  occurred from the Listing Date and up to the date of such meeting;

• to review the process for managing conflicts of interest and all risks associated with the Company’s different voting
  rights structure; and

• to review the annual ESG Report and make recommendations to the Board for approval.

The Corporate Governance Committee has confirmed to the Board that, for the year ended 31 December 2025, the WVR
Beneficiary of the Company has served as the member of the Board. The Corporate Governance Committee has reviewed
the process for managing conflicts of interest and all risks associated with the Company’s WVR Structure, including
reviewing the management of conflicts of interests and making a recommendation to the Board on any matter where
there is a potential conflict of interest between the Company, a subsidiary of the Company and/or Shareholders of the
Company (considered as a group) on one hand and WVR Beneficiary on the other, and reviewing all risks related to the
Company’s WVR Structure, including connected transactions between the Company and/or a subsidiary of the Company
on one hand and any WVR Beneficiary on the other and making a recommendation to the Board on any such transaction.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MEASURES TO AVOID POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST
As stated in the prospectus, the Company has adopted certain measures to ensure good corporate governance standards
and to avoid potential conflicts of interest between the Group and the controlling shareholders of the Company (i.e. Mr.
Jet Jie Li, Jumping Summit Limited, Topping Summit Limited and Exceeding Summit Holding Limited). Accordingly, the
independent non-executive Directors have conducted an annual review on whether there are any conflicts of interests
between the Group and the above controlling shareholders, and confirmed that they are not aware that there are any
conflicts of interests between the Group and the above controlling shareholders.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTION
The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in the code provision A.2.1 in Part 2 of the CG Code.

During the Reporting Period, the Board reviewed the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices, training
and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management, the Company’s policies and practices on
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in this
Corporate Governance Report.


BOARD INDEPENDENCE POLICY
The Board has established the following measures to ensure that the Board has access to independent advice and
recommendations: (i) the Chairman will hold at least a meeting with the independent non-executive Directors in a year
without other Directors’ attendance; (ii) the size and structure of the Board is reviewed annually to ensure that a sufficient
number of independent non-executive Directors with appropriate skills are appointed for the Board; and (iii) independent
non-executive Directors should participate in the meetings of Board committees, including the Audit Committee, the
Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee, to provide independent advice, recommendations and
judgments on major issues relating to the Company’s strategies, policies and financial performance. During the Reporting
Period, the Board reviewed the implementation of the above measures and considered them appropriate and effective.




98
                                                                                               Corporate Governance Report




DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Directors confirm their responsibilities for preparing financial statements.

The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties which may cast significant doubt upon the Company’s ability to
continue as a going concern.

The Auditor is responsible for auditing the financial statements of the Company and expressing opinions. The
independent auditor’s report for the Reporting Period is set out in the section headed “Independent Auditor’s Report” of
this annual report.


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
Effective risk management and internal control systems are important to achieving business objectives and safeguarding
shareholders’ interests and the Company’s assets. Therefore, the Company is committed to establishing a comprehensive
risk management framework and an internal control system to identify, evaluate and manage various risks that may affect
the Company’s operations and performance. The Group’s core business departments are the first line of defense in the
risk management and internal control system. Internal functional departments, including internal control department, risk
control department, audit department and supervision department, enhance the depth and breadth of risk assessment
through research, interviews and expert consultation. The Audit Committee regularly receives reports from the risk control
and audit team, the legal compliance team and the external auditors, etc., reviews the risk management and internal
control system, and discusses and manages the significant risks faced by the Company with the senior management.

The Board is responsible for maintaining the Group’s risk management and internal control systems, and the Board
adjusts the management strategies based on changes in the business environment and feedback from internal audits. The
Audit Committee reviews the effectiveness of the system on behalf of the Board annually. The Group’s risk management
and internal control systems are designed to manage the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, but the risk cannot
be completely eliminated. The systems also provide reasonable, credible, but not absolute assurance of no material
misstatement or loss.

The Board has reviewed the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems. Based on the
confirmation received from the Audit Committee of the Board on the effectiveness of the systems of risk management
and internal control, the Board considers that for the year ended 31 December 2025, the systems are effective and
adequate and such audit has covered the financial, operational, environmental, social and governance and compliance
aspects of the Group. The Board did not identify any material concerns in the audit. The Company has not implemented
any significant changes to its risk management and internal control systems during the Reporting Period.

In order to ensure that the Company is able to effectively identify, evaluate, monitor and respond to various risks, and
guarantee the safety of the Company’s assets and the effectiveness of the Company’s operations, the major work carried
out by the Company in respect of risk management and internal control during the Reporting Period are summarized
below:

• Leveraging computerized big data analysis and visualization technology, the Company identifies various types of issues
  on business processes, continuously locates and analyzes various types of risk indicators and realizes visualization,
  thereby providing decision-making data or realizing automatic early warnings for business or other risk management
  lines of defense.




                                                                                                                        99
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




• In order to comply with the requirements of the Securities and Futures Ordinance on the identification, handling and
  disclosure of insider information, the Company has formulated a securities trading management system to give prior
  approval for the procurement or sale of the Company’s securities by the Company’s Directors and certain members
  of the management, and regularly posts notices on relevant Directors’ and employees’ lock-up periods and trading
  restrictions, being aimed at preventing the possible mishandling of insider information in the Company.

• A comprehensive integrity policy has been established, which specifies the Company’s position on anti-bribery and
  anti-corruption and the code of conduct for employees. The Company provide integrity and compliance training for all
  new employees, and for existing employees on a regular basis, with an aim to deepen employees’ understanding of
  the integrity policy and the ways to identify and respond to potential misconduct in their practical work. In addition,
  the Company has established a transparent monitoring and reporting mechanism to encourage employees to report
  suspected misconduct.


AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
The remuneration paid or payable to the Company’s external auditor in respect of audit services and non-audit services
for the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to US$1.6 million and US$0.5 million respectively. Audit services
provided by the auditors mainly comprise annual financial statements audit and interim review services, and non-audit
services mainly comprise professional services on tax advisory provided by the auditors.


JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Since 19 August 2024, Ms. Quanxi Shang (“Ms. Shang”) and Mr. Ching Kit Cheng (“Mr. Cheng”) have acted as the
joint company secretaries of the Company. As stated in the announcement of the Company dated 19 August 2024, the
Stock Exchange has granted a waiver to the Company in respect of Ms. Shang’s eligibility to act as the joint company
secretary of the Company for a period of three years from the effective date of appointment of Ms. Shang as a Joint
Company Secretary (the “Waiver Period”) on the condition that Ms. Shang must be assisted by Mr. Cheng during the
Waiver Period. Mr. Cheng’s primary contact person in the Company is Ms. Shang.

Ms. Shang and Mr. Cheng received no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training for the year ended 31
December 2025 in accordance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules respectively.


CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
The Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company were adopted through a resolution passed on 11 October
2023, with effect from the Listing Date and are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange. There
are no changes in the constitutional documents of the Company during the Reporting Period.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting and Putting Forward Proposals at General Meetings
by the Shareholders
Pursuant to Article 74 of the Articles of Association, one or more Shareholder(s) holding in aggregate not less than one
tenth of the voting rights (on a one vote per share basis) in the issued share capital of the Company may also make a
requisition to convene an extraordinary general meeting and/or add resolutions to the agenda of a meeting. Such meeting
shall be held within two months after the shareholders deposit the relevant requisition(s) to the Board or the secretary in
writing. If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself
(themselves) may do so in the same manner.




100
                                                                                               Corporate Governance Report




For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholders must send the duly signed written requisition to the Company’s principal place
of business in Hong Kong and provide their full name, contact details and identification in order to give effect thereto.
Shareholders’ information may be disclosed as required by law.

At any general meeting, a resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided by poll. Any Shareholder entitled to
attend and vote at a meeting of the Company shall be entitled to appoint another person as his proxy to attend and vote
instead of him.


SHAREHOLDERS’ ENQUIRIES
Shareholders may send written enquiries or requests to the Company for the attention of the Board. The contact address is
40th Floor, Dah Sing Financial Centre, No. 248 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong.

Shareholders may direct their enquiries about their shareholdings to the Company’s Hong Kong Branch Share
Registrar, Tricor Investor Services Limited at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong or by email to
1519-ecom@vistra.com. The Company ensures that the Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar maintains up-to-date data
about the shares at all times to enable it to respond effectively to Shareholders’ enquiries.


POLICIES RELATING TO SHAREHOLDERS
Shareholder Communication Policy
To ensure that effective communication is maintained with Shareholders and to guarantee Shareholders’ right to know,
the Company’s website, www.jtexpress.com, contains a specific section headed “Investor Relations”. We will answer the
written enquiries from the Company’s Shareholders as soon as possible.

The Company endeavours to maintain an on-going dialogue with Shareholders. Relevant information will be available
to Shareholders through the Company’s financial reports, announcements, annual general meetings and other general
meetings, and all disclosures submitted to the Stock Exchange. The Directors (or their representatives, as the case may be)
will make every reasonable effort to attend the annual general meetings and respond to Shareholders’ enquiries.

During the Reporting Period, the Company reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholder
communication policy. After reviewing the different channels to communicate with Shareholders, the Company has
confirmed that the Shareholder communication policy is effective.


DIVIDEND POLICY
Pursuant to Section M of Part 1 of the CG Code, the Company has adopted a dividend policy on the payment of
dividends. In accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act and the Articles of Association, the Company may
declare dividends in any currency in a general meeting, but no dividends shall exceed the amount recommended by the
Board. Unless and to the extent that the rights attached to any Shares or the terms of issue thereof otherwise provide,
all dividends shall (as regards any Shares not fully paid throughout the period in respect of which the dividend is paid)
be apportioned and paid pro rata according to the amounts paid or credited as paid on the Shares during any portion or
portions of the period in respect of which the dividend is paid.




                                                                                                                       101
                                                                       About the Report                Overview of J&T Express   Sustainability Management




VIII. Environmental, Social and Governance Report
  About the Report


       Report Overview

       This is the third Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report released by J&T Express Global Limited (hereinafter referred to as
       "J&T", "J&T Express", the "Company", the "Group" or "we", Stock Code: 01519.HK), aiming to comprehensively and objectively disclose
       the Company's management approaches, practical measures and performance in the field of sustainable development, and to respond to the
       concerns and expectations of stakeholders.




       Reporting Scope

       Reporting Period: January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025 (unless otherwise specified)


       Reporting Scope: J&T Express Global Limited and its subsidiaries within the scope of consolidated financial statements, covering
       companies operating in 13 countries1 including China, Indonesia, Vietnam, Malaysia, the Philippines, Thailand, Cambodia, Singapore, Saudi
       Arabia, the UAE, Mexico, Brazil and Egypt.

       1
           Note: Excluding other countries or regions where the Company extends business after 2025.




       Reporting Standards and Basis

       This Report has been prepared primarily in accordance with the following standards and guidelines:


       ●
            Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Code set out in Appendix C2 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The
            Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (effective from January 1, 2025)


       Meanwhile, the following international standards and guidelines were referenced during the preparation process:


       ●
            Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards for Sustainability Reporting


       ●
            Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Recommendations


       ●
            International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) IFRS S2 Climate-related Disclosures


       ●
            United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)




 102
    Environment: Green Logistics                        Social: Ingenious Service                        Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                   Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                        and People-Oriented Approach                 Governance and Strategic Leadership




Reporting Principles

                            Identifying and disclosing ESG topics that have material impact on the Company's business and stakeholders
     Materiality
                            through stakeholder engagement and materiality assessment.

                            Presenting ESG performance using quantitative indicators where feasible, with explanations of measurement
    Quantitative
                            methods and assumptions.


       Balance              Objectively presenting the Company's achievements and challenges in the ESG field, avoiding selective disclosure.


                            Unless otherwise specified, adopting consistent disclosure methods with previous years to facilitate comparative
    Consistency
                            analysis by stakeholders.




Data Sources and Report Access

The financial data in this Report is sourced from audited annual reports. The currency unit is US Dollar unless otherwise specified. In case
of any discrepancies between the financial data in this Report and the Company's annual financial reports, the annual financial reports shall
prevail.


This Report has been reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors, which assumes full responsibility for the truthfulness, accuracy and
completeness of its contents.


This Report is published in three languages: Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese and English. In case of any inconsistency among
different versions, the Simplified Chinese version shall prevail. The electronic version of this Report is available for download on the website
of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company's official website (www.jtexpress.com).




Contact Information

If you have any comments or suggestions on the Company’s environmental, social and governance
disclosures and performance, please contact us through the following means.


       Address of headquarters: 1777 Hualong Road, Huaxinzhen, Qingpu District, Shanghai, China


       E-mail: esg@jtexpress.com




                                                                                                                                                      103
                                                                             About the Report                Overview of J&T Express            Sustainability Management




Overview of J&T Express

      About the Company

J&T Express is a global integrated logistics service operator, with a leading position in the express delivery business in Southeast Asia and China,
the largest and fastest-growing markets in the world. Founded in 2015, J&T Express’ network spans thirteen countries, including Indonesia, Vietnam,
Malaysia, the Philippines, Thailand, Cambodia, Singapore, China, Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Mexico, Brazil, and Egypt. Adhering to its "customer-
oriented and efficiency-based" mission, J&T Express is committed to providing customers with comprehensive logistics solutions through intelligent
infrastructure and digital logistics network, as part of its global strategy to connect the world with greater efficiency and bring logistical benefits to all.

J&T Express was listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in October 2023 (Stock Code: 01519.HK).




Global Business Footprint




                                                                           China
                   Egypt
                                        UAE                                                                                            Mexico
                  Saudi Arabia

                                                     Thailand        Vietnam
                                                     Cambodia                  The Philippines
                                                    Malaysia

                                                       Singapore         Indonesia
                                                                                                                                                          Brazil




Note: The map is for illustrative purposes only and does not reflect or represent any political stance.




      Our Core Business

Since our launch, we have established an express delivery
network in 13 countries, operating 246 sorting centers, 19,300
outlets and working with 6,600 network partners. Using
                                                                                          246             sorting centers              19,300              outlets

innovative business operations and technology, we continue
to explore new markets, expand service offerings, develop and
improve our global network to provide efficient and sustainable
logistics solutions to our customers around the world.                                    6,600                   network partners




104
    Environment: Green Logistics                                Social: Ingenious Service                                   Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                         Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                                and People-Oriented Approach                            Governance and Strategic Leadership




As an independent third-party logistics solution provider, J&T Express provides equal and high-quality express delivery services to all platforms,
empowering e-commerce merchants worldwide.




                                                                          Proactive feedback on complaint
                                                                           handling progress to customers
                                                                              within 1 hour or more.



                                                                                        Quick
                                                                                       Response




                                                           Rapid Claim                                      Inclusive and
                                                            Settlement                                       Convenient



                                              Once the compensation amount is                   Providing customers with high-quality
                                            confirmed by both parties, payment is              and convenient express delivery services,
                                               credited within 1 hour or more.                  so that logistics can benefit the public.




                                               ESG-Related Honors and Awards of the Company


               Preferred Employer Award                                       Top 100 Leading Brands                                        Indonesia Corporate
               – Warehousing & Logistics                                           – First Prize                                       Sustainability Initiative Award

                          FastJobs                                       Marketing Magazine and Frontier Research                                MIX Marcomm

                         Singapore                                                      Indonesia                                                   Indonesia




                             Excellent Partnership Award                                                            2025 Annual Select of Excellence Award

                                       Pag-IBIG Fund                                                          National Innovation Center (NIC) of Vietnam and VCCorp

                                       The Philippines                                                                               Vietnam




                                                                                                                                          2025 Green Dot China
             Middle East Express Logistics                                   Forbes China Best Digital                                  Sustainable Practice Annual
              Company of the Year 2025                                      Intelligence Employers 2025                                         Case Study

                    Logistics Middle east                                             Forbes China                                          China Business News (CBN)

                         Middle East                                                      China                                                       China




                                                                                                                                                                            105
                                                                                About the Report                    Overview of J&T Express                       Sustainability Management




        2025 ESG Performance Highlights


            Environmental Performance1

      Cumulative deployment of reusable                              Cumulative usage times of reusable                             Corrugated carton recycled
      transit bags:                                                  transit bags:

      Unit: 10,000 pcs                                               Unit: 100 million times                                        Unit: 10,000 pcs


                                      3,827                                                                                                                            389
                                                                                                                                                         382


                         3,165                                                                         33.3
        2,560


                                                                                          19.4


                                                                         11.0                                                            90




        2023             2024              2025                         2023             2024                2025                      2023             2024             2025




      Deployment of fully degradable                                 Utilization rate of one-sheet e-waybills                       Utilization rate of 45 mm degradable
      waterproof bags                                                                                                               tapes

      Unit: 10,000 pcs

                                    1,026.7
                                                                        100%             100%         100%                             100%             100%         100%


                         373.7
        275.5




        2023             2024              2025                         2023             2024                2025                      2023              2024             2025




1
    In 2025, the cumulative deployment and usage for reusable transit bags represent global statistics for J&T Express. All other data reflects China-specific statistics for J&T Express only.
2
    In 2025, the customer complaint resolution rate only reflects the statistics for J&T Express in China.



106
  Environment: Green Logistics              Social: Ingenious Service                       Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                   Appendix
   and Energy Transformation              and People-Oriented Approach                Governance and Strategic Leadership




       Social Performance2

Workplace Safety – Number of participants in safety                       Customer Service – resolution rate of customer
training                                                                  complaints

Unit: person-time


2023                                       740,000+                       2023                                              100%


2024                                     1,089,000+                       2024                                              100%


2025                                                                      2025




       Corporate Governance Performance

 Proportion of female directors




                                 28.6%                            28.6%                             28.6%

                                 2023                              2024                                  2025

 Sign-off rate of the Integrity Commitment among new hires at the Group headquarters and China network




                                 100%                              100%                              100%

                                 2023                              2024                                  2025

 Sign-off rate of the Code of Business Partner Conduct among newly inducted suppliers at the Group and China
 headquarters




                                  98%                              100%
                                                                                                     100%

                                 2023                              2024                                  2025

                                                                                                                                      107
                                                             About the Report              Overview of J&T Express               Sustainability Management




Sustainability Management

      Board Statement

The Board of Directors of J&T Express Global Limited (hereinafter referred to as the "Board") assumes full responsibility for the Company's ESG
strategies, reporting and related matters, and hereby makes the following statement regarding the contents of this Report:




ESG Management Approach and Strategy

The Board attaches great importance to sustainable development and integrates ESG management concepts into the Company's development strategy
and daily operations. Upholding our core vision of “becoming a healthy and enduring enterprise”, we are committed to providing efficient and green
logistics solutions for global customers through intelligent infrastructure development and digital logistics networks, achieving harmonious unification
of corporate value and social value.

In 2025, the Board continued to monitor global ESG development trends and regulatory policy changes. Considering the Company's actual
circumstances, the Board has incorporated ESG matters into its agenda and plans to further improve the formulation and approval processes for annual
ESG work plans and objectives in the future.




ESG Risk Management

The Board recognizes the importance of ESG-related risks such as climate change, data security, and supply chain stability. The Company is gradually
establishing an ESG risk identification and management mechanism, integrating relevant risks into the Company's overall risk management system.




ESG Target Setting and Progress Review

The Board pays attention to the setting and implementation of the Company's ESG targets. The Company has begun identifying improvement
directions in areas such as greenhouse gas emissions, energy, and water resources management, and plans to gradually set quantifiable environmental
targets. In the areas of social governance such as employee safety, information security, and anti-corruption, the Company will continue to advance
relevant initiatives.




Report Confirmation

The Board has reviewed the contents of this Report and confirms that it covers all material topics required by the Environmental, Social and
Governance Reporting Code of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, and that the information contained herein is true, accurate and complete.




                                                                                                Board of Directors J&T Express Global Limited

                                                                                                                                        March 30, 2026




108
     Environment: Green Logistics                              Social: Ingenious Service                                Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                       Appendix
      and Energy Transformation                              and People-Oriented Approach                         Governance and Strategic Leadership




     ESG Governance Structure

The Company has deeply integrated ESG and sustainability concepts into
                                                                                                                   ESG Governance Structure
its corporate DNA. With the vision of “Becoming a Healthy and Sustainable
Enterprise”, the mission of “Customer-oriented and Efficiency-based”, and the core
values of “Integrity, Sharing, and Responsibility”, we are committed to building a
high-caliber ESG management system to provide solid assurance for the Company's                                                       Board of
long-term development. The Company has established a top-down ESG governance                                                          Directors
structure of “Board of Directors—ESG Working Group—Specific Task Forces”,
forming a decision-making and execution mechanism with clear authority and well-
defined division of responsibilities. The structure not only strengthens the top-level
design of ESG strategy, but also ensures that management directives can efficiently
penetrate to the frontline of business operations, achieving whole-staff participation                                      ESG Working Group
and end-to-end process coverage.

To adapt to its global business layout, the Company continues to advance the
international implementation of ESG management. By establishing localized ESG
working groups in various countries, we have built a global collaborative response
mechanism, strengthened the Group's control over ESG risks in each country,
enhanced the coordination and execution of ESG management worldwide, and
                                                                                                     Eco-
promoted the overall leap in the Company's ESG performance.                                                            Labor Rights               Social Value     Corporate
                                                                                                Environmental
                                                                                                                         Working                   Working        Governance
                                                                                                  Protection
                                                                                                                          Group                     Group        Working Group
                                                                                                Working Group




       Level            Organization                                                            Primary Responsibilities


                                           The Board of Directors is the highest authority responsible for ESG, with duties including:
                                           ●
                                               Overall control of the Company's ESG strategic direction.
                           Board of        ●
                                               Approval of annual ESG objectives and budgets.
                           Directors       ●
                                               Identification, assessment and control of material ESG-related risks, and ensuring the effectiveness of ESG management and
 Decision-Making                               internal control systems.
                                           ●
                                               Review of the Company's annual Environmental, Social and Governance Report.



                                           The ESG Working Group, led by the Company's CFO Zheng Shiqiang, is responsible for the overall ESG matters like
                                           promoting the implementation of Board decisions and reporting ESG progress and achievements to the Board. Duties include:
                                           ●
                                               Guiding the formulation of ESG management approaches and strategies to ensure they keep pace with the times and comply
                                               with relevant laws, regulations and regulatory requirements.
                        ESG Working        ●
                                               Reviewing the setting of ESG targets, assessing the achievement of ESG targets, and providing recommendations on actions
                          Group                taken to achieve such targets.
   Management                              ●
                                               Guiding the identification and materiality assessment of ESG risks and opportunities, and providing recommendations on
                                               risks or opportunities to the Board.
                                           ●
                                               Leading the preparation of the Company's annual Environmental, Social and Governance Report.
                                           ●
                                               Reporting ESG-related work to the Company's Board of Directors.




                                           The Environmental Protection, Labor Rights, Social Value and Corporate Governance Working Groups are respectively
                                           coordinated by the Director of Operations, Director of Human Resources and Administration, Director of Brand Management
                                           and Director of Legal Compliance, with full responsibility for the management and implementation of relevant topics in each
                       Working Group       domain. Duties of each working group include:
                      of Environmental     ●
                                               Identifying ESG-related risks and opportunities, and assessing the level of risk and degree of materiality.
                          Protection,
                        Labor Rights,      ●
                                               Formulating ESG management approaches and strategies for their respective domains, developing clear work plans, and
                         Social Value          integrating them into actual business operations.
     Execution
                        and Corporate      ●
                                               Setting ESG targets, and regularly collecting, compiling and analyzing ESG performance data to clarify progress toward
                         Governance            ESG targets.
                                           ●
                                               Preparing materials required for the ESG Report and submitting them to the ESG Working Group for review.
                                           ●
                                               Submitting materials required for the ESG Working Group and Board of Directors to formulate ESG decisions.




                                                                                                                                                                           109
                                                              About the Report           Overview of J&T Express                   Sustainability Management




      Stakeholder Engagement
J&T Express fully emphasizes and values maintaining transparent and open communication with stakeholders in its business development and
daily operations. While effectively conveying the Company's strategic development, financial performance and sustainability achievements, we also
actively listen to opinions and suggestions, identify feedback and expectations from stakeholders to promote the long-term healthy development of the
Company.

The Company's major stakeholders include but are not limited to governments and regulatory authorities, shareholders and investors, customers,
suppliers and business partners, employees, community members, as well as industry associations. We regularly communicate and engage with
stakeholders through multiple channels, listening to and actively responding to the expectations and requirements of various stakeholder groups.
In addition to compliant operations, financial performance, product and service quality and safety, we pay special attention to stakeholder concerns
regarding environmental protection, labor rights, and sustainable supply chain construction, to ensure that all management practices and operations
fully respond to stakeholder expectations and requirements.



                                                              Stakeholder Engagement


       Stakeholder                              Engagement Channels                                                Key Concerns

                              ●
                                  Panel discussions                                        ●
                                                                                               Lawful and compliant operations
      Governments &           ●
                                  Supervisory inspections                                  ●
                                                                                               Alignment with national strategies
        Regulators            ●
                                  Site visits                                              ●
                                                                                               Economic development contribution
                              ●
                                  Routine work reports & exchanges                         ●
                                                                                               Maintaining market order

                              ●
                                  Annual General Meeting                                   ●
                                                                                               Efficient corporate governance
      Shareholders &
                              ●
                                  Regular Reports and Announcements                        ●
                                                                                               Solid economic performance
         Investors
                              ●
                                  Investor Relations Activities                            ●
                                                                                               Timely information disclosure

                                                                                           ●
                                                                                               High-quality, safe and innovative products
Customers (Consumers,         ●
                                  Industry Exhibitions & Trade Shows
                                                                                           ●
                                                                                               Convenient and efficient services
E-commerce Platforms,         ●
                                  Daily Communication and Engagement
                                                                                           ●
                                                                                               Information security and privacy protection
  Brand Clients, etc.)        ●
                                  Customer Satisfaction Surveys
                                                                                           ●
                                                                                               Packaging materials management
                                                                                           ●
                                                                                               High-quality, safe and innovative products
   Regional Operating         ●
                                  Regional Operating Meetings                              ●
                                                                                               Enhanced customer service levels
         Partners             ●
                                  Project Cooperation                                      ●
                                                                                               Employee rights and benefits
                                                                                           ●
                                                                                               Employee health and safety

                              ●
                                  Supplier Review and Assessment
                                                                                           ●
                                                                                               Integrity in cooperation
        Suppliers             ●
                                  Daily Work Communication
                                                                                           ●
                                                                                               Communication and empowerment
                              ●
                                  Industry Seminars and Cooperation


                              ●
                                  Staff Representative Assembly                            ●
                                                                                               Protection of legitimate labor rights and interests
                              ●
                                  Employee Education and Training                          ●
                                                                                               Equal, diverse and inclusive work environment
        Employees             ●
                                  Employee Exchange Activities                             ●
                                                                                               Comprehensive compensation and benefits system
                              ●
                                  Internal Communication Platforms                         ●
                                                                                               Clear training plans and career development paths
                              ●
                                  Employee Grievance Channels                              ●
                                                                                               Occupational health and safety

                                                                                           ●
                                                                                               Community development
                              ●
                                  Community Volunteer Activities
 Community Members                                                                         ●
                                                                                               Rural revitalization
                              ●
                                  Charitable Donations
                                                                                           ●
                                                                                               Public welfare and charitable activities

                              ●
                                  Membership Activities                                    ●
                                                                                               Active industry participation
  Industry Associations
                              ●
                                  Industry Conferences                                     ●
                                                                                               Empowering common industry development


110
                              Environment: Green Logistics                          Social: Ingenious Service                                     Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Appendix
                               and Energy Transformation                          and People-Oriented Approach                              Governance and Strategic Leadership




                              ESG Material Topics Assessment
J&T Express strictly follows the standard procedure of “identification and screening—questionnaire survey—assessment and prioritization—report
disclosure” for material topics assessment. In accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Code of The Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong Limited and the GRI Standards for Sustainability Reporting (hereinafter referred to as the "GRI Standards"), combined with J&T
Express's development philosophy, strategic direction and core business priorities, with reference to ESG rating-related indicators of external
rating agencies and benchmarking against excellent practice reports of peers, we have ultimately identified 20 environmental, social and corporate
governance topics that are critical to the Company and our stakeholders. Regarding the prioritization of material topics, the Company systematically
assessed and prioritized each material topic based on two core dimensions—materiality to stakeholders and materiality to corporate development—
combining stakeholder survey results with opinions from internal and external ESG experts.


The Company follows the four steps below to build a systematic materiality assessment process:

                                                                                      Material Topics Assessment Process

                               Identification and Screening                     Questionnaire Survey                     Assessment and Prioritization                            Report Disclosure




              Based on the Environmental, Social                              We conduct questionnaire                      Based on stakeholder                          According to the topic
              and Governance Reporting Code of                                surveys among diverse                         survey results and combined                   prioritization results, we
              The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong                                 stakeholders to extensively                   with expert opinions, we                      focus on disclosing high-
              Limited and the GRI Standards,                                  collect opinions and demands                  comprehensively assess,                       materiality topics in the
              combined with external ESG ratings                              from all parties, ensuring                    analyze and prioritize the                    Report, ensuring that the
              and industry practices, we conduct                              comprehensiveness and                         degree of materiality of each                 report content truly reflects
              in-depth interpretation of macro                                representativeness in topic                   topic, forming a material                     the Company's core focus
              policies and industry hotspots, clarify                         identification.                               topics assessment matrix.                     areas and actual action
              policy orientation and development                                                                                                                          effectiveness in the field of
              opportunities, and screen major                                                                                                                             sustainable development.
              material topics.




                                                                                   Analysis Matrix of ESG Material Topics



                                                                                                                                         Safe Delivery and Transportation

                                                                                                        Optimizing Product and Service Quality
                                                                                                                                                                   Risk Management
                                                                                                                                      Green Transportation
                                                                         Enhancing Customer Service Levels                                                  Response to Climate Change
                                                                                                                             Energy Management
                                                                       Information Security and Privacy Protection




 Importance to Stakeholders
                                                                                                                                                                Employee Health and Safety

                                                                                                            Employee Training and Development
                                                                                                                                                                   Business Ethics
                                                                                                         Intellectual Property Protection

                                                                                                                            Sustainable Supply Chain
                                                                                Rural Revitalization
                                                                                                                 Packaging Material                     Employee Benefits and Welfare
                                                                                                                 Management
                                                             Waste Management
                                                                                                                                  Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
                                                                                    Public Welfare and Charity
                                                Water Resource Management




                                                                                                Importance to the Company                             Environmental               Social    Governance

                                                                                                                                                                                                          111
       Environment
       Green Logistics and Energy
       Transformation



        Building Intelligent and Green Logistics

        Implementing Environmental Management

        Mitigating and Adapting to Climate Change




SDGs




112
                    Environment: Green Logistics                         Social: Ingenious Service                              Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                               Appendix
                     and Energy Transformation                         and People-Oriented Approach                       Governance and Strategic Leadership




  Building Intelligent and Green Logistics

  Digital and intelligent transformation has become critical for enterprises to reshape their core
  competitiveness and achieve sustainable development. J&T Express embraces positively advanced
  technologies such as AI, big data, and algorithms. It has established a three-tier digital and intelligent
  system comprising Base layer, platform layer, and application layer, covering operation networks
  in 13 countries worldwide. The system enables digital empowerment across the entire process of
  receipt, sorting, transport and delivery, thus paving a smooth way for efficient and sustainable global
  operations.




                                                                                 J&T digital intelligence system


                                                                                                                                            Self-developed digital technology
                                Digital infrastructure

Base Layer
                                                                                                                                                        platform
                          Self-developed computing power
                                                                                       Empower operations in 13                             Global unified global architecture +
                          cloud + 3rd-party cloud services
                                                                                         countries worldwide                                   height migration capability



                                                              Integrated digital system                           Dedicated Technology Center




Platform Layer
                                                                                          Address Parsing          Big Data              Early Warning and         AI Large Model
                                                                                             Platform             Management             Decision-Making              Platform
                                                                                                                   Platform                   Platform




                                                               Cargo volume forecast and intelligent        Big data algorithm for route
                         Digital tools for outlet operation       production capacity scheduling                     optimization                   Integrated management Dashboard
                                         +                                        +                                        +                                        +
                         Algorithmic Planning of Delivery           central digital management              digital platform for resource            Whole-link Monitoring, Alerting




Application Layer
                              Strategies and Routes                          Dashboard                                scheduling                             and Optimization
                                         +                                        +                                        +                                        +
                          dynamic map AOI technology            automated equipment management              Predictive Alerting and Time                AI large model application
                                                                               system                               Management




                              Pick-up and delivery                           Sorting                             Transportation                                 Management




  As data infrastructure, the Base Layer, through intelligent scheduling and optimizing computing resource allocation, provides stable, green, and
  efficient computing resources for applications, laying a robust foundation for sustainable operations. The Platform Layer features a dual-engine driven
  by integrated digital systems and specialized technical middle platforms, delivering intelligent technological empowerment to support real-time
  monitoring, precise tracking, and decision optimization for business operations and ESG metrics. The Application Layer focuses on four core business
  scenarios, enhancing operational efficiency through the deep integration of intelligent technology and business processes, ultimately driving profit
  growth, stable operations, and high-quality sustainable development of the Company.




                                                                                                                                                                                    113
                                                             About the Report              Overview of J&T Express                 Sustainability Management




      Intelligent Operations

By deploying digital tools, AI algorithms, and dynamic map AOI (Area of Interest) technology, we have achieved whole-link data integration and real-
time perception of the cargo trajectories, customer demand, map information, and vehicle operation statuses. Based upon what we have achieved, the
Company vigorously promotes automated logistics equipment and AI route planning technology, driving decision-making upgrades with algorithms.
This not only expands business growth opportunities but also significantly improved delivery efficiency through precise route optimization and
transportation capacity scheduling. Additionally, it dynamically optimized the personnel-to-vehicle ratio, reducing operational costs while establishing
an efficient and resilient smart logistics system. This approach has achieved synergistic optimization of the transportation efficiency and economic
benefits.



Route Planning
For route planning, the Company has established an intelligent management system covering all transportation links. Through systematically
collecting and analyzing key elements such as routing design, network layout, scheduling, and service time standards, it employs advanced algorithmic
models to dynamically optimize and adjust transportation routes, thus improving the overall network routing plan continuously.




                 Case: Reconfiguration of the Line-haul and Subline Networks in East China Region


      In 2025, the Company systematically carried out line-haul network optimization in response to the dense urban areas in East China, the
      overlapping of existing line-hauls, terminal detours, and low loading rates of some vehicles. By utilizing digital tools to deeply analyze
      key data such as cargo volume, mileage, fuel consumption, and delivery time of each route in the past six months, we have optimized
      and integrated the three independent sublines that originally ran directly from Hangzhou Center to Nanjing, Wuxi, and Changzhou into
      a circular drop-and-pull line connecting Hangzhou, Nanjing, Wuxi, and Changzhou, and set up a drop-and-pull point in Nanjing. In the
      meantime, we used route planning algorithms to accurately calculate the optimal arrival and departure time for each node, achieving
      precise matching with the operating rhythm.




      In terms of operational efficiency: The         In terms of fuel consumption and cost             In terms of service timeliness: The
      daily average mileage of vehicles on            control: The fixed number of vehicles per         average in-transit time shortened by



                                                                                                        1.5
      relevant routes has reduced by                  route was reduced by



      15%                                             1                                                              hours via reducing repeated
                                                                                                        access between urban areas



      The vehicle turnover rate has                   An overall fuel cost reduction of                 The punctuality rate improved by



                                                                                                        5%
      increased by                                    approximately



      20%                                             9%

In 2025, the Company leveraged an intelligent routing algorithm model to dynamically optimize and intelligently plan transportation routes through
big data analytics and AI decision-making engines. By comprehensively considering factors such as delivery time requirements, transportation cost
structures, and network capacity constraints, it significantly reduced the number of transfers across the entire delivery process—achieving a 1.36%
reduction in the Chinese market, and a 2.04% reduction in Southeast Asia. This not only shortened transfer time and enhanced customer experience
but also reduced loading/unloading frequency, minimized cargo damage risks, and notably lowered carbon emission intensity.


114
     Environment: Green Logistics                      Social: Ingenious Service                         Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                     Appendix
      and Energy Transformation                      and People-Oriented Approach                  Governance and Strategic Leadership




Line-haul Transport
During the transportation execution process, the Company has installed real-time vehicle tracking systems for its self-operated vehicles in China,
Southeast Asia, the Middle East, and Latin America. By utilizing technologies like GPS positioning, Internet of things sensing, and big data analytics,
these systems monitor in-transfer vehicles throughout the journey. Combined with intelligent algorithms, the technology optimizes the transportation
routes, speed control, and arrival times in real time to ensure stable and rapid delivery of parcels along the most efficient routes, effectively enhancing
the transportation efficiency and rate of contract performance.




Sorting Process
At the parcels sorting stage, the Company carries out the principles of “green, low-carbon, efficient and synergistic” throughout the entire lifecycle
management of the sorting center operations. While utilizing automated equipment to enhance energy efficiency and operational precision, it provides
comprehensive technical support to the sorting center through digital tools. The Company has achieved precise empowerment in areas such as
transportation capacity forecasting, equipment maintenance, personnel scheduling, and time-effect estimation. This not only effectively improves the
sorting efficiency but also reduces the energy consumption for single parcel.




        Precise Planning before Sorting                        Dynamic Control during Sorting                             Post-sorting Data Review



   By deeply integrating core                            Leveraging an anomaly monitoring                        An integrated data dashboard has
   modules such as network parcel                        system, real-time identification and                    been established to conduct real-
   volume forecasting and intelligent                    intelligent decision-making are                         time reviews and multi-dimensional
   transportation capacity planning, the                 performed for abnormal conditions                       analysis of the accuracy of volume
   system can support sorting centers                    during the operation of the sorting                     forecasting, equipment efficiency
   in making scientific arrangements                     center, such as dynamic load allocation                 and labor productivity. Through in-
   in advance for staff scheduling and                   requirements, risk warnings, and                        depth mining of the historical data and
   vehicle deployment based on capacity                  backlog prevention scenarios.                           trend assessment, the algorithm model
   setup and time-varying parcel volume                  Optimal solutions are generated, and                    is continuously optimized to drive
   fluctuations. This has enhanced both                  performance instructions are issued to                  iterative improvements in management
   per-person sorting efficiency and                     sorting center personnel. Additionally,                 processes and form a closed-loop
   vehicle loading rates while achieving                 by deploying machine vision                             management mechanism at the sorting
   optimal resource allocation.                          technology, violations during sorting                   center level that integrates “data-
                                                         operations are intelligently monitored                  decision-execution-optimization”.
                                                         to ensure operational compliance and
                                                         parcel safety, effectively reducing
                                                         human error rates and parcel damage
                                                         rates.



Meanwhile, based on the proven practices and extensive experience accumulated in the Chinese                 J&T Express has globally deployed 14 self-
market, the Company continues to promote the global replication and promotion of intelligent                 built core logistics parks, with a total gross
management models, and promotes the comprehensive upgrading of equipment automation,                         floor area of



                                                                                                             1.05
digital management, and intelligent decision-making in Southeast Asia and emerging market
sorting centers, transforming China's advanced logistics technology into the core competitiveness
                                                                                                                                million square meters
of the global network. By the end of 2025, J&T Express has globally deployed 14 self-built
core logistics parks, with a total gross floor area of 1.05 million square meters. Among them,
Guangzhou Huadu Sorting Center, as the Company's largest intelligent sorting center in the
world, with a total floor space of 326,000 square meters, was successfully completed in August
2025 and officially put into operation at the end of October.

                                                                                                                                                        115
                                                              About the Report              Overview of J&T Express               Sustainability Management




                 Case: J&T Express Guangzhou Huadu Sorting Center Commences Operation, Creating a Smart Logistics Model


      In 2025, J&T Express Guangzhou Sorting Center and Greater Bay Area Industrial Park was put into operation in Huadu, Guangzhou. The
      center is invested and built by the Company, aiming to create a modern comprehensive logistics industrial park that is “digital, intelligent,
      and standardized”, establish an advanced new logistics service system, deepen integration of express logistics technology and industries,
      and foster a new ecosystem for the coordinated development of the express logistics sector.

      Adopting the philosophy of “smart-driven, technology-enabled”, J&T Express Guangzhou Sorting Center is equipped with a double-
      tier matrix and automated cross belt sorting system to achieve the full process automation of package operation. The system significantly
      improves space utilization through three-dimensional layout, and increases sorting efficiency per unit area by 87%. During peak seasons,
      the system can intelligently switch sorting strategies within 10 minutes based on real-time data, enhancing overall operational efficiency
      by approximately 30%.

      Meanwhile, various automation equipment, including NC (Non Conveyable) cross belts, have been applied on a large scale in the
      industrial park, with an automation coverage rate of about 90%. Nearly 40 kilometers of automated assembly line and nearly 400
      telescopic machines work together, achieving an accuracy rate of 99.98% in package sorting. Through the deep collaboration of the
      Internet of Things, AI visual recognition, and big data algorithms, the system achieves full chain intelligent monitoring and dynamic
      scheduling, ensuring that the industrial park achieves a sustained operation rate of over 99.5%.




                                                           Guangzhou Huadu Sorting Center




Cargo Warehousing

In cargo warehousing, the Company has developed differentiated automation upgrade solutions based on the operational characteristics of different
order types, through in-depth mining of historical order data and detailed analysis of real-time order profiles. For bulk orders with a high proportion,
we have introduced a high-speed automatic labeling system, which replaces traditional manual work with an integrated process of intelligent
recognition, automatic printing, and precise labeling and significantly improves processing speed and accuracy. For large parcels with high operational
difficulty, a semi-automatic film wrapping machine is deployed to assist in the film wrapping and fixing process, ensuring packaging quality and
reducing manual labor intensity. These targeted intelligence initiatives have boosted overall operational efficiency by over 50%, and the number of
orders processed per unit time has significantly increased. The application of automation equipment effectively alleviates the tension from personnel
allocation during peak periods, simplifies on-site management processes, and provides customers with more efficient, stable, and high-quality
warehousing solutions.



116
    Environment: Green Logistics                       Social: Ingenious Service                       Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                   Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                       and People-Oriented Approach                Governance and Strategic Leadership




Terminal Pickup and Delivery

In the terminal pickup and delivery process, the Company applies dynamic map AOI technology, supported by an address resolution platform, to
intelligently and dynamically aggregate and spatially analyze massive volumes of address data within the region. This enables intelligent optimization
of pickup and delivery routes, automatic identification of abnormal addresses, and precise aggregation and analysis of package volume and customers.
This enables couriers to complete delivery operations in the optimal order, significantly reducing pickup and delivery time, minimizing repetitive
and ineffective travel, and improving the efficiency of final operations and customer service experience. Meanwhile, the Company is accelerating
the construction of an unmanned vehicle delivery network, relying on intelligent algorithms to achieve automatic planning of the optimal routes and
dynamic response to real-time road conditions, thereby significantly improving the efficiency of terminal delivery and ensuring timely delivery of
packages. By the end of 2025, the number of unmanned vehicles put into operation by the Company has exceeded 1,000.




                   Case: Large Scale Application of Unmanned Vehicles Reshapes the Value Chain of Terminal Delivery


     In China, we are gradually building a nationwide intelligent delivery network for unmanned vehicles. This network not only serves as an
     effective supplement to the existing transportation capacity system, but also systematically restructures the terminal delivery ecosystem
     from three core dimensions: energy structure, operational efficiency, and service resilience, providing a replicable standardized model for
     the digital transformation of the logistics industry.

     Firstly, the application of electric unmanned vehicles reduces fossil fuel consumption in the terminal delivery process, alleviating the
     environmental impact caused by traditional fuel vehicles and reducing the carbon emission intensity of logistics operations, further
     advancing the Company's green and low-carbon transition. In the meantime, by relying upon the long endurance of unmanned vehicles
     and the advantages of algorithm scheduling, it is possible to break effectively the bottleneck of terminal delivery, and the efficient
     empowerment of delivery personnel has enabled timely and accurate delivery of every parcel to users. Besides, in extreme weather such
     as severe cold, heat, rainstorm, and heavy snow, the unmanned vehicle not only effectively reduces the labor intensity of the dispatcher,
     but also ensures the punctuality and integrity of parcel delivery. The human resources saved as such can be flexibly allocated to other
     positions in the outlet, and spared as supplements during peak periods to effectively ease the operational tension brought by the surge in
     orders.

     At present, the network has achieved regular operation in multiple provinces and cities across the country, with tangible regional results:



            In Cangzhou, Hebei, it has effectively
            alleviated the shortage of manpower during
            peak business hours.


            In Qingdao, Shandong, the terminal
            delivery time has been advanced by about 2
            hours through route optimization.


            In Datong, Shanxi, the logistics efficiency
            of exporting characteristic agricultural
            products has been improved.


            In Jiayuguan, Gansu, the travel time
            for packages in remote areas has been
            significantly reduced (about 5 hours ahead
            of schedule).


                                                                                              Unmanned vehicles




                                                                                                                                                      117
                                                              About the Report              Overview of J&T Express              Sustainability Management




      Low-carbon Transportation

The Company has deeply embedded the “green and low-carbon”
concept in the entire transportation chain, systematically advancing
                                                                                            Four-in-one Green Transportation Model
the construction of a green and low-carbon transportation system.
By applying a four-in-one model of “vehicle fuel consumption
management, clean energy substitution, transportation capacity                                          Vehicle Fuel Consumption
optimization, and energy-saving training promotion”, it has                                                   Management
synergistically enhanced the green level of transportation processes,
contributing actively to the green and sustainable development of the
logistics industry.                                                                Transportation
                                                                                  Capacity Structure                                  Clean Energy
                                                                                    Optimization                                      Substitution




                                                                                                           Energy Conservation
                                                                                                           Training Promotion




Vehicle Fuel Consumption Management
The Company has established a fuel consumption management system that combines headquarter-level coordination and supports with precision fleet
control. It has formulated and implemented management documents such as the Route Fuel Consumption Management System, and systematically
improved fuel efficiency and reduced overall energy consumption. In terms of vehicle configuration and technological upgrading, the Company
scientifically deploys vehicle models according to the transportation characteristics of different business scenarios and transport routes, and continues
to promote iterative optimization of vehicle technology, including aerodynamic adjustment of deflectors, precise adaptation of vehicle models and
application scenarios, and other technological transformations to improve vehicle fuel economy at the source.

In terms of standard setting and performance-based incentivies, the Company has developed a Vehicle Fuel Consumption Reward and Penalty
Scheme, which sets differentiated fuel consumption benchmarks based on factors such as vehicle types, route profiles, configuration conditions,
and seasonality. A scientific and reasonable energy consumption reward and penalty mechanism has been established, and the responsibility for
fuel consumption control has been placed in the upstream processes such as vehicle selection and route planning. Meanwhile, the Company has
implemented a monthly data review mechanism to intensively monitor and continuously improve routes with non-optimal vehicle configurations,
continuously optimizing fuel management efficiency. Considering the objective differences in terrain, economic environment, climate conditions,
and other aspects among different regions, each fleet dynamically adjusts the overall energy consumption benchmark through consultation with the
operating department based on actual operating performance to ensure the fairness and rationality of the assessment. The Company carries out precise
control by analyzing multi-dimensional indicators such as actual fuel consumption data and driving behavior compliance, and conducts timely cause
analysis and targeted rectification for abnormal high fuel consumption cases.

The Company’s vehicle fuel consumption management standards and practices have been gradually rolled out across its operational networks in
Southeast Asian countries. By establishing a vehicle fuel consumption benchmarking system, improving reward and penalty mechanisms, and
strengthening driving behavior compliance, the Company encourages and guides drivers to reduce energy consumption by adopting eco-friendly
driving practices.




118
     Environment: Green Logistics                     Social: Ingenious Service                         Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                  Appendix
      and Energy Transformation                     and People-Oriented Approach                  Governance and Strategic Leadership




                    Case: Intelligent Monitoring and Behavior Analysis Platform for Malaysian Vehicle Operation


      In Malaysia, we have built an intelligent monitoring platform based on GPS positioning technology to achieve all-around, comprehensive
      monitoring and management of fleet operations. The platform operates on a non-stop 24/7 basis, using multi-sensor data fusion technology
      to collect and record key driving behavior data such as vehicle position information, engine idle time, instances of rapid acceleration, and
      instances of hard braking. Based on this, a multi-dimensional driving behavior analysis model is established, which can automatically
      identify high fuel consumption and high-risk driving modes and generate personalized improvement reports for each driver, presenting
      their driving behavior characteristics, identification of problematic driving behaviors, and optimization suggestions in detail. Through this
      closed-loop management mechanism, the platform effectively assists drivers in gradually optimizing their driving habits, reducing fuel
      consumption and vehicle wear, while significantly improving driving safety and operational efficiency.




Clean Energy Substitution

The Company is accelerating the transformation of transport vehicles towards clean energy adoption and electrification, prioritizing the procurement
and use of new energy vehicles, gradually increasing the proportion of new energy transportation capacity in the fleet, and continuously optimizing
the energy consumption structure. Meanwhile, the Company has optimized its vehicle procurement plan, improved the supporting infrastructure, and
continued to promote the large-scale operation of LNG clean energy vehicles, effectively reducing carbon emissions while ensuring transportation
safety and stability. In 2025, the Company deployed 1,697 LNG tractors in China, accounting for 30% of the total tractor fleet.



                                                                                                                                   Number of LNG Vehicles




                                      2023              153




                                      2024                                                                          1,327




                                      2025                                                                                              1,697




                                                    Number of LNG Vehicles during 2023-2025




In addition, the Company continues to promote the in-depth application of clean energy in the express logistics industry, continuously optimizing
the transportation energy structure through diversified energy substitution solutions. For biofuel applications, we have taken the lead in achieving
100% use of B5 biodiesel for vehicle transportation in the Philippines, effectively reducing dependence on traditional fossil fuels. For electrification
transformation, we have introduced electric trucks in Singapore, accounting for 6% of the total number of trucks. We have also equipped sorting
center parks in China and Singapore with electric forklifts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from sorting center and warehouse operations. The
Company is conducting a systematic feasibility study and test on electric vehicles in the transportation sector, conducting comprehensive evaluations
from multiple dimensions such as technical adaptability, economic benefits, and carbon reduction potential, laying a data foundation for their large-
scale promotion and application in the future, and helping to achieve the Company's sustainable development goals.


                                                                                                                                                      119
                                                             About the Report              Overview of J&T Express               Sustainability Management




Optimization of Transportation Capacity Structure
The Company focuses on the optimization of transportation capacity structure, and continuously improves logistics transportation efficiency and
reduce energy consumption per unit of cargo and carbon emission intensity through systematic measures such as resource integration, technological
upgrading, and network optimization. In the field of line-haul transportation, the Company continues to deepen the integration of transportation
capacity resources, optimize vehicle loading structure and increase the allocation of high-capacity vehicles models through combined vehicle loading
and cargo consolidation operations, effectively improving the single vehicle carrying capacity and route transportation efficiency. In the field of
subline transportation, the Company formulates scientific milk-run routing plans based on the geographical distribution and distance characteristics of
service outlets, increases vehicle loading rates, and realizes the intensive use of transport resources.

The Company has established a global unified transportation capacity management system to realize the centralized allocation and efficient utilization
of international transportation resources.




      In the railway sector, we continue to          In the maritime sector, we promote the             In the air transportation sector, we
      promote the green transportation mode          large-scale development of LCL (Less than          vigorously develop charter flights and
      of “highway shift to railway”. In 2025,        Container Load) business, significantly            selected efficient and low-consumption
      building on the existing Xi'an–Urumqi          improving the utilization of container space       aircraft models for operation. By improving
      route established in 2024, we added two        through the consolidation and loading of           the full load rate of single flights,
      new routes: Urumqi–Xi'an and Shenyang–         multiple shipments.                                promoting multi customer consolidation
      Guangzhou. The annual cargo volume                                                                and transportation capacity sharing, and
      for 2025 reached 10.98 million pieces, an                                                         other measures, we reduced effectively
      increase of nearly 100% as compared to                                                            empty and repeated transportation.
      that in 2024.


In 2025, the Company's maritime cargo volume reached 13,000 TEUs (Twenty-Foot Equivalent Unit), and its air cargo volume reached 13,000 tons,
among which 60 freight charter flights were completed. Through an intensive operation mode, the Company further improved the energy efficiency
of air transportation, thereby reducing the carbon emission intensity per unit of cargo. Through systematic optimization of land-sea-air multimodal
transport, the Company has gradually built an efficient and intensive green logistics transportation network.




120
Environment: Green Logistics                     Social: Ingenious Service                          Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                              Appendix
 and Energy Transformation                     and People-Oriented Approach                   Governance and Strategic Leadership




               Case: Exploration of Solutions for Transportation Capacity Consolidation in Brazil


 The northern and northeastern regions of Brazil, as strategic long-distance corridors connecting core sorting centers, are under enormous
 tension from order circulation. There are two sorting centers in this area, and both main line-hauls adopt a complex mode featuring “2
 direct hauls +1 mixed transport”. We found through end-to-end data analysis analysis that there is a issue of “one-way cargo imbalance”
 in this flow, that is, the outbound cargo volume is saturated, but the return flow has a shortage of goods, resulting in a high empty-running
 rate of return vehicles and waste of transportation capacity resources. In response to the above issue, we made two key changes in Brazil
 through cross departmental collaborative efforts:


       Contract model restructuring                                            Network routing restructuring

     Break away from the traditional two-way binding                          Alter the previous scattered multi-point return mode, realize
     contract mode and promote a “one-way contract +flexible                  intensive integration of “multiple routes to one route”,
     scheduling” mechanism to ensure that operational needs are               and build a high-density circular intermodal network by
     met and no transportation capacity resources are wasted.                 connecting all sorting centers in the area to maximize the
                                                                              vehicle loading rate.




 Through the operation and promotion of optimized strategies, we have significantly reduced the diesel consumption along the route,
 with an average monthly reduction of more than 100,000 liters of diesel consumption, achieving a dual breakthrough in economic and
 environmental benefits.




               Case: Optimization and Efficiency Improvement of the Transportation Network in the Philippines


 In 2025, we have effectively improved transportation efficiency and resource utilization in the Philippines through measures such as
 loading rate control, consolidation of sorting centers, and route optimization.




 For loading rate control, we adopted              For sorting center integration, we                   For route optimization, we
 diversified optimization strategies and           optimized the layout of network nodes,               systematically sorted out the line-
 management methods for routes with                streamlined the sorting process, and                 haul transportation network and
 low loading rates, unreasonable vehicle           improved operational efficiency.                     comprehensively optimized and
 configurations, and insufficient cargo                                                                 adjusted routes with low operational
 volume to improve vehicle loading                                                                      efficiency and insufficient resource
 rates.                                                                                                 utilization, consolidating and
                                                                                                        optimizing a total of 25 route service.



 Through the above improvements in our management, in 2025 we have reduced the number of cargo transfers in the Philippines by about
 5.58% compared to 2024, effectively improving the transportation efficiency and customer experience.



                                                                                                                                                  121
                                                             About the Report            Overview of J&T Express              Sustainability Management




Energy Conservation Training
Focusing on improving personnel skills and capabilities, the Company organizes special training on energy-saving driving techniques for drivers.
Through a combination of theoretical explanations and practical exercises, it guides drivers to reduce high energy consumption driving behaviors
such as harsh acceleration, harsh deceleration, and prolonged idling, comprehensively enhancing drivers' energy-saving awareness and standardized
operating skills, and reducing the fuel consumption of the operating vehicles.




                 Case: Training for Chinese Self-operated Fleet Drivers


      To promote the construction of a green and low-carbon transportation system, we focus on enhancing professional competence and
      energy-saving awareness of drivers and systematically reducing vehicle fuel consumption and operating costs. To this end, we have
      established a deep cooperation mechanism with various vehicle brand suppliers and built a three-dimensional training system of “online
      empowerment +offline practical operation”:



                               Online training                                                          Offline practice


        Invite technical experts from suppliers to conduct specialized          The supplier's technical team goes to the front line
        driving skills training through digital forms such as live              of the fleet to conduct immersive on-site training and
        streaming and recording. The training covers advanced                   practical demonstrations. Through one-to-one coaching,
        driving concepts, vehicle performance characteristics,                  troubleshooting drills, and energy-saving driving
        energy-saving driving skills, and standardized operating                demonstrations, theoretical knowledge is transformed
        procedures, helping drivers reduce driving intensity while              into practical skills, and in-depth communication and
        promoting scientific control of fuel consumption, and                   precise Q&A with drivers are conducted to ensure effective
        reducing unreasonable energy consumption from the source.               implementation of energy-saving driving technology.



      Through the initiative, we integrate the concept of energy conservation into every detail of driving behavior and promote the development
      of fleet operation in a more efficient, environmentally friendly and sustainable way.




      Localized Operation

Based on the rich practical experience accumulated in the Chinese market, the Company has successfully constructed an operational model featuring
local adaptability and refined management. In the process of entering the emerging markets, the Company adopts a strategy of “proven experience
transplantation + localized innovation” to systematically replicate and optimize the deployment of such market validated operational system.

In terms of technological application innovation, the Company has carried out in-depth localized algorithm research and development based on the
address data characteristics of different countries and languages. Through systematic analysis of address formats, language habits, administrative
divisions, and other elements in various regions, the Company has designed targeted intelligent recognition and parsing algorithms, and based on
this, constructed a standardized and reusable model system that can quickly adapt to new languages and extend to new regional markets. In terms of
improving operational efficiency, the Company fully leverages the scale advantages and synergies of its mature supply chain system, combined with
core functions such as real-time monitoring and intelligent scheduling of the digital management platform, to achieve maximal efficiency throughout
the entire chain from order processing, warehouse management to distribution execution, significantly enhancing the speed and quality of customer
service response.

In 2025, the Company continued to provide localized, full process, and integrated comprehensive logistics service solutions to customers in various
regions. While meeting the unique needs of the local market, the company maintained consistency and efficiency in service standards, laying a solid
foundation for the deepening of its globalization strategy. For more information on serving local customers, please refer to the “Excellent Service
Quality” section.


122
    Environment: Green Logistics                       Social: Ingenious Service                             Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                          Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                       and People-Oriented Approach                      Governance and Strategic Leadership




Implementing Environmental Management
J&T Express has always adhered to the green development concept of environmental protection and resource conservation. It utilizes resources in a
scientific and rational manner, emphasizes emission management, promotes packaging recycling, and practices corporate environmental responsibility
with concrete actions to continuously contribute to the sustainable development of the industry and the construction of ecological civilization.




    Environmental Compliance Management

The Company has always regarded environmental protection as an important cornerstone of its
                                                                                                                    During the reporting period,
sustainable development, strictly adhering to the environmental protection laws and regulations of
                                                                                                                    the headquarters of the Chinese
the countries and regions where it operates and invests, and continuously improving the compliance
                                                                                                                    company and Saudi Arabian
awareness and professional management ability of all employees in ecological and environmental
                                                                                                                    company have successfully obtained
protection.
                                                                                                                    the

The Company adheres to the environmental management policy of “energy conservation and                              ISO 14001:2015
consumption reduction, and environmental harmony”, and has successively formulated and
                                                                                                                    environmental management system
implemented a series of institutional norms and operational guidelines such as the Environmental
                                                                                                                    accreditation
Factor Identification and Evaluation Management System, Waste Management Measures, Packaging
Operation Standards, and Notice on Prohibiting the Use of Non-Degradable Materials on the Whole
Network. These measures provide a clear regulatory framework and robust enforcement support
for environmental management at the institutional level, ensuring that environmental protection
measures are effectively implemented throughout all operational segments.

At the organizational level, the Company has established a structure led by Group’s ESG working group with compamies in each countries setting up
a dedicated environmental protection task force. This structure is composed of cross departmental professionals who focus on planning, promoting, and
supervising environmental protection, ensuring that environmental management goals are organically integrated with the company's overall strategy
and providing solid organizational support for the transformation of green logistics.

During the reporting period, the headquarters of the Chinese company and Saudi Arabian company have successfully obtained the ISO 14001:2015
Environmental Management System Certification. In the future, we will continue to promote the development and implementation of environmental
management systems in other operating countries and regions, progressively expanding the global coverage of our environmental management
systems and improving the Group's overall environmental management performance.

In addition, the Company has set relevant targets regarding energy consumption, water resource usage, and waste discharge to enhance resource
efficiency and reduce environmental footprint, and has implemented corresponding measures to achieve these targets (see the sections “Improve
Resource Utilization Efficiency”, “Reduce Pollutant Discharge”, and “Packaging Recycling” below).


                                             Establish a sound energy consumption monitoring and continuous improvement mechanism, accelerate the upgrade and
  Energy Consumption
                                             renovation of energy-saving equipment, and enhance energy use efficiency.


  Water Resource Usage                          Encourage employees to deepen water-saving awareness and reduce per-person water consumption.

                                   Targets
                                             Continuously promote packaging reduction and gradually increase the substitution rate of biodegradable packaging
    Waste Discharge
                                             materials.



    Improving Resource Utilization
Apart from low-carbon transportation measures, the Company attaches great importance to energy resource management in daily operations. By
formulating the Energy Loss Management Measures, the Company systematically controls the consumption of various types of energy such as
water, electricity, and fuel during the operation of the sorting centers. Besides, the Company actively advocates energy and water conservation in
administrative and office processes, integrating green and low-carbon concepts in important aspects of corporate operations.

                                                                                                                                                                123
                                                             About the Report              Overview of J&T Express              Sustainability Management




Energy Consumption Control

The Company continues to promote the upgrading and transformation of LED energy-saving lamps in operation sites such as sorting centers and office
spaces, gradually phasing out conventional high-energy lighting equipment, thereby significantly reducing the energy consumption of its lighting
systems. In 2025, the Company made large-scale investments in energy-saving logistics equipment in the sorting center, achieving significant results -
with a cumulative investment of over 150,000 permanent magnet synchronous electric rollers, more than 400 energy-saving conveyor belts, and over
300 sets of permanent magnet synchronous linear motors. This is expected to save over 3.13 million kWh of electricity consumption annually.

In the meantime, the Company has established a routine energy inspection mechanism, regularly conducting inspections and analyses of energy usage,
timely discovering and correcting energy waste phenomena such as equipment idling, and unreasonable energy use, to ensure that all energy-saving
measures are implemented effectively.

In 2025, the Company launched programs such as energy conservation, replacement of energy-saving equipment, and optimization of site operation
processes globally. The operational throughput per kWh of the company's sorting centers in 13 countries worldwide has increased by 7.54% compared
to 2024.




                 Case: Global Energy Inspection Action


      In March 2025, the Company officially launched a Special Energy Management Project for Sorting Center. In China, the monitoring
      and dispatching center carried out a comprehensive energy inspection, focusing on energy-wasting behaviors, such as early start-up,
      equipment idling, and idle equipment, and driving improvements in energy management performance through the establishment of a
      regular oversight mechanism. In 2025, we identified a total of 1,782 suspected energy waste cases in China during inspection, and after
      verification, 723 were confirmed to have been rectified.

      We were simultaneously promoting the energy inspections in Thailand, Indonesia and other countries, conducting daily site inspections,
      and immediately promoting on-site rectification if energy waste problems were identified. In the future, the Company will continue to
      deepen the Special Energy Management Project, promote excellent site experience, and strive to achieve comprehensive improvement in
      energy management level on a larger scale.




Water Resource Conservation
The Company's main business is express logistics services, which do not involve manufacturing or processing activities. Its water consumption is
mainly concentrated in daily office and operational support activities. With more than 99% of our water sourced from the public water supply network,
the Company faces no significant risk in obtaining water sources. To promote water conservation, the Company posts water-saving slogans in water
consuming areas such as restrooms and tea rooms in the office to enhance staff’s water conservation awareness, adopts water-saving faucets and
induction type water outlet devices that can regulate the water flow to effectively reduce water waste. Regular pipeline inspections and timely repairs
of leaking facilities and other measures are taken to guide and promote water resource conservation across the Company.




Resource Utilization

In terms of office resource management, the Company actively practices green procurement and circular resource use principles. When procuring
office supplies, the Company prioritizes environmentally friendly products - environmentally friendly paper such as 100% recycled paper, non-
bleached paper, and non-fluorescent paper. The Company also uses writing tools with replaceable cores, and applied metal, paper, biodegradable
plastic stationery to reduce the use of non-degradable materials. In the meantime, the Company vigorously advocates paperless office and promotes the
use of digital office methods such as electronic documents and online approvals to reduce paper consumption. For necessary paperwork documents,
the Company requires employees to adopt double-sided printing to improve paper usage efficiency and reduce waste of office resources.

124
     Environment: Green Logistics                      Social: Ingenious Service                          Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                   Appendix
      and Energy Transformation                      and People-Oriented Approach                   Governance and Strategic Leadership




     Reducing Pollutant Discharge
The Company adheres to the management principles of “reduction, recycling and harmlessness”, and ensures the full process control of wastewater,
exhaust and solid waste through institutional norms and technical means. It is committed to building a “waste free logistics” network.




Wastewater Management
The wastewater generated during the Company's operations consists primarily of domestic sewage from office areas, with no industrial wastewater
discharge. Relying on municipal infrastructure, the Company's domestic sewage is mainly channeled into the municipal wastewater treatment system
via the drainage pipeline network, where it undergoes centralized treatment to meet discharge standards before being discharged.



Air Emission Management
The main sources of the Company's air emissions are particulate matter, nitrogen oxides, and sulfur dioxide from diesel combustion by its vehicles
during transportation operations. On purchasing and introducing vehicles, the Company strictly adheres to environmental standards, and all purchased
vehicles comply with environmental emission standards to ensure that vehicle emissions meet regulatory emission requirements and minimize air
pollutant emissions.

For existing diesel vehicles, the Company actively equips eligible trucks with urea-based Selective Catalytic Reduction (SCR) emission control systems
and ensures their standardized use on trucks that meet technical standards and operating conditions. This system can significantly reduce harmful
emissions such as nitrogen oxides (NOx) in vehicle exhaust and reduce the negative environmental impact of transport operations. In the meantime, we
have also taken measures such as optimizing fleet structure and deploying clean-energy vehicles to reduce exhaust emissions at the source (as further
detailed in the "Low-Carbon Transportation" section).



Wastes Management
The waste generated during the operation of the Company mainly includes general waste and hazardous waste generated in the office area and sorting
centers operations. We implement waste classification and management for different types of waste, ensuring compliant recycling, reuse, and disposal.
For general waste, we classify and collect recyclable materials such as paper products, plastic products, and packaging materials, and sell regularly to
achieve resource recycling. The remaining non-recyclable portion will be classified and collected before being transported to designated locations for
centralized harmless disposal by competent municipal sanitation organizations.

For hazardous waste such as spent engine oil, spent lubricating oil, used paint, rejected light tubes, used dry batteries, waste toner cartridges, etc.,
the Company strictly complies with relevant regulatory requirements, appoints professional third-party organizations with corresponding disposal
qualifications to collect, transport and dispose. We have established comprehensive hazardous waste transfer manifest records to ensure full
traceability and monitoring throughout the entire hazardous waste management process.

Besides, in land transportation business, vehicle operation will generate a certain amount of waste tires. Waste tires are not naturally biodegradable,
and their prolonged accumulation not only takes up valuable land resources, but also produces a large amount of harmful gases and pollutants
during combustion, which has adverse effects on the environment. Therefore, the Company has continued its efforts in tire lifecycle management
and improved its scientific management in such aspects. Through technical inspection methods, the Company conducts real-time monitoring and
data analysis of tires' daily usage conditions to optimize tire utilization efficiency and extend tire service life. For used tires that meet the retirement
standards, the Company appoints competent tire recycling and processing enterprises with professional qualifications to carry out standardized
recycling and resource utilization. In 2025, our self-operated fleet in China has recycled a total of 30,356 used tires.

                                                                                                                                                       125
                                                             About the Report               Overview of J&T Express              Sustainability Management




      Packaging Recycling
The Company continues to promote the recycling of express packaging products, implementing sustainable management throughout the entire
process of packaging material selection, use, and recycling. We give priority to partnering with packaging suppliers certified under the "Green Product
Certification" to safeguard the eco-friendly performance of packaging materials at the source.




                                    In China, we widely adopt eco-friendly packaging products such as fully degradable waterproof bags
        Pick-up                     and degradable tapes to effectively minimize plastic pollution and gradually expand the application
      and Delivery                  of environmentally friendly packaging materials to overseas markets. Meanwhile, the Company
        Process                     is promoting standardized waybill specifications globally, reducing waybill area, and achieving
                                    standardization and normalization of operational processes while reducing resource consumption.




                                   The Company vigorously promotes reusable transit bags in its global business network
                                   to gradually replace the traditional disposable woven bags. By introducing Radio Frequency
                                   Identification (RFID) IoT technology, the Company has achieved the full process tracking and intelligent
                                   management of reusable transit bags, combined with scientific allocation strategies, significantly improving
                                   the turnover efficiency and service life of reusable transit bags. In 2025, the reusable transit bags project
        Sorting                    was successfully promoted to Middle Eastern and Latin American countries such as Egypt and Brazil, further
        process                    expanding the application of green packaging. For reusable transit bags that cannot be reused and have
                                   reached end-of-life, the Company selects qualified recycling suppliers through a competitive bidding process
                                   to handle their unified collection and recycling. After cleaning, crushing, granulation and other processes,
                                   the retired bags are recycled and reused, forming a closed-loop system for packaging materials. In 2025,
                                   we deployed approximately 38.27 million reusable transit bags globally, with cumulative usage
                                   exceeding 3.3 billion times.




                                    The Company continues to advance the recycling and reuse of packaging materials such as corrugated
                                    cartons, fillers, and pallets. We encourages all last-mile delivery outlets to conduct quality screening of
                                    intact cartons recovered during the shipping and receiving process, and prioritize their use for secondary
                                    packaging. This has extended the service life of cardboard boxes effectively, promoted recycling of
       Recycling
                                    packaging materials, and reduced resource wastage and environmental impact. Besides, the Company
        process
                                    has set up specialized waste classification and recycling devices at its outlets to classify and collect
                                    express packaging waste. Reusable packaging materials are inspected and incorporated into the circular
                                    reuse system, while non-reusable packaging waste undergoes centralized and standardized disposal to
                                    ensure proper disposal of packaging wastes and maximize resource utilization.




                  Case: Green Transformation Project for Document Sealing in Indonesia


      In 2025, we introduced environmentally friendly paper document seals with waterproof, pressure resistant, and biodegradable properties
      in Indonesia to replace traditional disposable plastic packaging bags, which can effectively adapt to Indonesia's climate environment and
      logistics conditions. During performance of the project, we established a unified packaging standard system, achieved economies of scale
      through centralized procurement, realized stable packaging quality and cost optimization. In 2025, we completed the replacement of
      over one million traditional plastic packaging, thus achieving coordinated balance between environmental protection, customer service,
      operational efficiency, and economic benefits, which establishes a responsible brand image for the enterprise.



126
    Environment: Green Logistics                   Social: Ingenious Service                          Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                   and People-Oriented Approach                   Governance and Strategic Leadership




Mitigating and Adapting to Climate Change

Climate change not only significantly impacts the human living environment and the global socio-economic development, but also reshapes the
operating environment and business models of enterprises. Based on applicable compliance disclosure guidelines, J&T Express responds to the
climate changes in four aspects: governance, strategy, risk management, indicators and goals. By analyzing and identifying climate change related
risks and opportunities, the Company has formulated measures of response based on its own business model to promote the climate resilience of the
enterprise in its own operations and value chain.


    Governance
J&T Express has incorporated climate change mitigation and adaptation into the core agenda of its ESG management, and has established a climate
governance framework comprising the “Board of Directors-ESG Work Group- Ecological Environmental Protection Work Group and Business
Departments”. It aims to clarify the responsibilities of the Board of Directors and management, forming a top-down management system, and
comprehensively promoting the management and implementation of addressing climate change issues.


                                              Governance Architecture for Climate Changes



                      Level                         Organizations                                  Main Responsibilities


                                                                                Exercise the highest-level supervision and guidance over the
                                                                                identification, assessment, and management of climate change-
                                                                                related risks and opportunities for the Company.

                                                                                Deliberate and approve climate strategic plans, implementation paths,
                                                                                quantitative indicators, and phased goals, and examine and approve
                                                       Board of
                Decision Level                                                  relevant special budgets and resource allocation plans.
                                                       Directors
                                                                                Incorporate ESG factors, including climate change, into key business
                                                                                decisions such as the formulation of the Company's overall strategic
                                                                                plan, optimization of business models, major capital expenditure
                                                                                decisions, mergers and acquisitions, restructuring, and asset
                                                                                stripping.


                                                                                Identify and assess climate related risks and opportunities, and
                                                                                provide recommendations to the board of directors.

                                                                                Develop specific emission reduction paths, annual action plans and
                                                      ESG Work                  goals.
             Management Level
                                                       Group
                                                                                Coordinate cross departmental resources, promote the performance
                                                                                of climate related management actions, and provide resource and
                                                                                advisory support.

                                                                                Monitor the achievement of climate related goals.



                                                         Eco-                   Implement specific climate action projects and emission reduction
                                                    environmental               measures.
                                                   Protection Work
           Implementation Level                                                 Collect, sum up, and analyze carbon emission data.
                                                      Group and
                                                   related business             Identify and evaluate climate risks at the operational level.
                                                     departments
                                                                                Organize climate related training and capacity building.



                                                                                                                                                   127
                                                                About the Report             Overview of J&T Express                Sustainability Management




      Policy
To identify and assess the impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on J&T Express, the Company has established medium and high climate
emission scenarios based on disclosure recommendations from the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, data models from the International Energy
Agency (IEA) and the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), and industry research. The Company has conducted a preliminary analysis
of the risks and opportunities brought by climate factors in each scenario, comprehensively evaluated the Company's climate resilience. Based on the
analysis results, the Company refined and adjusted its climate change strategies and response measures as needed.

During the reporting period, we conducted climate scenario analysis on assets that have a substantial impact. Drawing on the Fifth and Sixth
Assessment Reports of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), we selected Shared Socioeconomic Pathways (SSPs) scenarios and
integrated data from Representative Concentration Pathways (RCP) scenarios for analysis. Meanwhile, we defined the short term as within 1 year, the
medium term as 1 to 3 years, and the long term as more than 3 years.


                                                                Climate Scenario Model

                           SSP2 (Medium emission scenario with partial
  Dimension                                                                                SSP5 (High-emission scenario driven by fossil fuels)
                                  implementation of policies)
                   ●
                       Temperature: Compared with the pre-industrial period,       ●
                                                                                       Temperature: Compared with the pre-industrial period, the
                       the temperature will rise by about 1.7°C in 2040 and            temperature will rise by about 1.9°C in 2040 and about 4.4°C in
                       about 2.7°C in 2100.                                            2100.
                   ●
                       Sea level: The sea level will rise by approximately 0.1     ●
                                                                                       Sea level: The sea level will rise by approximately 0.2 meters
                       meters by 2040 and about 0.5 meters by 2100.                    by 2040 and about 0.7~1.0 meters by 2100.
                   ●
                       Extreme weather: The frequency and intensity of extreme     ●
                                                                                       Extreme weather: The frequency and intensity of extreme
      Nature
                       weather will increase significantly, and the risk of            weather will increase highly, and large-scale catastrophic
                       disasters in some local areas will rise remarkably.             climate events will become normalized.
                   ●
                       Precipitation: As temperatures rise by 2.0 to 3.0°C,        ●
                                                                                       Precipitation: As temperatures rise by 3.0 to 5.0°C, global
                       global agricultural and ecosystems will be severely             agricultural and ecosystems will be severely impacted, with the
                       impacted, with the intensity of precipitation increasing        intensity of precipitation increasing by approximately 20.0% to
                       by approximately 12.0% to 18.0%.                                40.0%.

                   ●
                       International cooperation exists, but the implementation    ●
                                                                                       International climate cooperation is seriously insufficient, with
                       of climate policies varies among countries, and the             countries prioritizing economic growth and carbon emission
                       process of green transformation is slow and uneven.             constraint mechanisms being virtually non-existent.
                   ●
                       The decoupling between economic growth and the              ●
                                                                                       The economy is highly dependent on fossil fuels, energy
                       environment has not been fully achieved, and the                intensive industries are rapidly expanding, and the driving force
                       promotion of green technologies is constrained by cost          for green transformation is severely lacking.
    Social-            and policy instability.                                     ●
                                                                                       Economic growth is rapid but highly unequal, social conflicts
   economy         ●
                       The level of public services and social welfare has             are intensifying, and the vulnerability of low-income groups to
                       improved, but the development gap between regions               climate shocks is particularly prominent.
                       remains significant.                                        ●
                                                                                       Resource consumption has reached its peak, environmental
                   ●
                       The circular economy and resource utilization efficiency        carrying capacity is facing extreme challenges, and the problem
                       are gradually improving, but traditional high carbon            of ecosystem degradation is becoming increasingly severe.
                       industries still occupy a certain proportion.


                   ●
                       The implementation of climate policies is uneven, with      ●
                                                                                       The significant rise in temperature and frequent occurrence
                       both transition risks and physical risks coexisting, with       of extreme weather events will bring extremely high physical
                       both types of risks at a moderate level.                        risks, with huge losses to infrastructure and ecosystems.
                   ●
                       The impact of extreme weather events on supply chains,      ●
                                                                                       Climate policies are almost absent, with very low short-term
 Performance           logistics, and infrastructure is gradually becoming             transition risks, but facing systemic impacts of passive transition
of climate risks       apparent, and physical risks are more prominent in              in the long term.
                       certain regions.                                            ●
                                                                                       Climate refugees, food security crises, and regional conflict
                   ●
                       Policy uncertainty increases the difficulty of corporate        risks have significantly increased, posing a serious threat to
                       carbon asset management and green investment.                   global supply chain and market stability.



128
    Environment: Green Logistics                               Social: Ingenious Service                             Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                       Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                               and People-Oriented Approach                      Governance and Strategic Leadership




Based on the assessment results of climate scenarios, we have updated the list of climate related risks and opportunities to ensure its
comprehensiveness and timeliness. At present, the list of risks and opportunities we have identified involves seven physical risks, four transformation
risks, and four opportunities. To better prioritize our climate change response actions, we assess the magnitude of impacts posed by various risks and
opportunities, identify their impact timeframes and potential financial impacts, and develop and refine targeted response measures accordingly.




                                                    Analysis and Response to Major Climate Related Risks


                    Specific
 Risk Type                                  Impact Analysis               Potential Financial Impact     Impact Cycle                           Measures
                  Indications

Physical Risks


                                                                                                                           ●
                                                                                                                               Establish a meteorological early warning and
                                                                                                                               monitoring system.
                                                                                                                           ●
                                                                                                                               Formulate an emergency plan for rainstorms
                                   ●
                                       Road flooding causing             ●
                                                                             Liquidated damages
                                                                                                                               and floods.
                                       transportation disruption.            from transport delay.
                                                                                                                           ●
                                                                                                                               Warehousing facilities have additional flood
                                   ●
                                       Water ingress into storage        ●
                                                                             Increased parcel loss and
                                                                                                                               dikes and water baffles.
               Extreme                 facilities resulting in parcel        insurance claim costs.
                                                                                                                           ●
                                                                                                                               Deploy storm water storage tanks and
               rainstorms and          damage.                           ●
                                                                             Increased labor costs for    Short-term
                                                                                                                               drainage systems.
               floods              ●
                                       Sorting center shutdown               emergency scheduling.
                                                                                                                           ●
                                                                                                                               Establish alternative plans for diversified
                                       affects time efficiency.          ●
                                                                             Increased temporary
                                                                                                                               transportation routes.
                                   ●
                                       Terminal pick-up and                  investment in logistics
                                                                                                                           ●
                                                                                                                               Improve warehouse location selection criteria
                                       delivery is unreachable.              facilities.
                                                                                                                               (avoid flood-prone areas).
                                                                                                                           ●
                                                                                                                               Additional measures for waterproof
                                                                                                                               packaging of goods.




                                   ●
                                       Port and terminal shut-down       ●
                                                                             A surge in capital
                                                                                                                           ●
                                                                                                                               Strengthen the wind resistant design of
                                       impact maritime transit.              expenditures for                                  buildings.
                                   ●
                                       Significant cancellations in          infrastructure and                            ●
                                                                                                                               Outdoor equipment reinforcement and
               Typhoon/                air cargo transport.                  equipment repairs.                                protection.
 Acute risk                                                                                               Short-term
               hurricane           ●
                                       Damage to buildings and           ●
                                                                             Business interruption                         ●
                                                                                                                               Establish a typhoon season transportation
                                       outdoor equipment.                    resulting in revenue                              capacity reserve mechanism.
                                                                             loss.                                         ●
                                                                                                                               Develop backup transportation channels.
                                   ●
                                       Regional logistics network
                                       paralyzed.                        ●
                                                                             Rising insurance costs.                       ●
                                                                                                                               Purchase climate related property insurance.




                                                                         ●
                                                                             The cost of vehicle
                                                                             maintenance and repair
                                                                             is rising.
                                   ●
                                       Increased vehicle                 ●
                                                                             Energy consumption
                                                                                                                           ●
                                                                                                                               Optimize transportation period.
                                       breakdowns from high road             costs to increase                             ●
                                                                                                                               Vehicles are equipped with additional
                                       surface temperatures.                 significantly.                                    cooling equipment.
               Extreme high        ●
                                       Heatstroke risk for outdoor       ●
                                                                             Reduced efficiency of                         ●
                                                                                                                               Optimization and upgrading of energy-
                                                                                                          Short-term
               temperature             workers (such as couriers).           outdoor workers leads                             efficient air conditioning and ventilation
                                   ●
                                       High rise of refrigeration            to additional potential                           systems in operating premises.
                                       load in the operating                 customer complaints                           ●
                                                                                                                               Provide heatstroke prevention and cooling
                                       premises;                             and losses from returns.                          protection for employees.
                                                                         ●
                                                                             Increased expenditure
                                                                             on occupational health
                                                                             protection.




                                                                                                                                                                             129
                                                                       About the Report                   Overview of J&T Express                      Sustainability Management




                 Specific
 Risk Type                                Impact Analysis                  Potential Financial Impact     Impact Cycle                           Measures
               Indications



                                                                       ●
                                                                           Loss from transportation
                                ●
                                    Increased vehicle failure rate
                                                                           disruption.
                                    (battery, braking system).
                                                                       ●
                                                                           The failure rate of vehicles
                                ●
                                    Road icing leads to
                                                                           increases in winter.
                                    transportation delays and an                                                           ●
                                                                                                                               Winter safe driving training for all staff, and
                                    increased risk of accidents.
                                                                       ●
                                                                           Sorting equipment is                                provision of cold-proof equipment.
                                                                           frozen, and goods are
             Extreme low        ●
                                    Equipment at the sorting                                                               ●
                                                                                                                               AI intelligent path planning, centralized
Acute risk                                                                 damaged by freezing.            Short-term
             temperature            center may freeze.                                                                         distribution to reduce round trips.
                                                                       ●
                                                                           Increased cold-proof
                                ●
                                    Couriers working outdoors                                                              ●
                                                                                                                               Notify customers in advance and update the
                                                                           equipment and anti-slip
                                    face the risk of frostbite.                                                                delivery status in real time.
                                                                           and anti-freeze materials.
                                ●
                                    Some goods (liquid products)
                                                                       ●
                                                                           Increased cost for severe
                                    may be damaged from
                                                                           weather subsidies and
                                    freezing.
                                                                           heating.




                                ●
                                    Increased demand for annual        ●
                                                                           Prolonged rising energy                         ●
                                                                                                                               Promote energy-saving renovation of buildings
                                    cooling demand in operating            costs.                                              (thermal insulation, natural ventilation).
             Average                                                                                      Medium and
                                    premises.                          ●
                                                                           Increased frequency and                         ●
                                                                                                                               Gradually deploy renewable energy.
             temperature rise                                                                              long-term
                                ●
                                    The stability of power supply          cost of infrastructure                          ●
                                                                                                                               Continue to carry out climate change risk
                                    in some areas is affected.             maintenance.                                        tracking at operation points.




                                                                       ●
                                                                           Impairment and scrapping                        ●
                                                                                                                               Avoid building new facilities in low-lying
                                                                           losses of coastal assets.                           coastal areas.
                                ●
                                    Flooding risk of coastal ports.
                                                                       ●
                                                                           The huge replacement cost                       ●
                                                                                                                               Conduct risk assessments on existing coastal
             Sea level rise     ●
                                    Threats to transit and storage                                         Long-term
                                                                           for facility relocation.                            facilities.
                                    facilities in low-lying areas.
                                                                       ●
                                                                           Loss of revenue from                            ●
                                                                                                                               Consider formulating a long-term asset
                                                                           business interruption.                              migration plan.

Chronic
risks

                                ●
                                    Increased potential risk of
                                    traffic accidents from fugitive
                                    dusts on roads and decreased
                                    visibility.
                                ●
                                    Some dirt roads or sections        ●
                                                                           Rising cost of water
                                    of unpaved roads at the end            resources.
                                    may have cracks or collapses,
                                                                       ●
                                                                           Increased vehicle                               ●
                                                                                                                               Implement water-saving plans, recycle water
                                    affecting the passage of freight
                                                                           maintenance cost.                                   for vehicles and optimize cleaning frequency.
             Drought                transport.                                                             Long-term
                                                                       ●
                                                                           Fire risks lead to increased                    ●
                                                                                                                               Reserve emergency water supplies and adjust
                                ●
                                    In summer, the temperature
                                                                           insurance rates.                                    working hours.
                                    of road surfaces rises, causing
                                    vehicles to overheat or tires to
                                                                       ●
                                                                           Increased employee health
                                    wear more severely.                    costs.
                                ●
                                    Dry air may increase the risk
                                    of static electricity, affecting
                                    some electronic devices and
                                    automated sorting systems.




130
    Environment: Green Logistics                              Social: Ingenious Service                              Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                      Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                              and People-Oriented Approach                       Governance and Strategic Leadership




                      Specific
 Risk Type                                     Impact Analysis              Potential Financial Impact      Impact Cycle                             Measures
                    Indications

Transition risks


                                    ●
                                        Included in the carbon                                                                 ●
                                                                                                                                   Establish a carbon management system
                                        trading market by regulatory                                                               and promote the process of carbon
                Climate-related         authorities.                                                                               neutrality.
                                                                           ●
                                                                               Increased operational
Policy and      regulatory          ●
                                        Increased investment in energy-                                                        ●
                                                                                                                                   Explore the operation mechanism of
                                                                               and compliance costs.         Short and
regulatory      and disclosure          saving facilities, equipment,                                                              the carbon trading market and actively
                                                                           ●
                                                                               Increased investment in      medium term
risks           requirements are        and the development of talent                                                              participate in policy formulation
                                                                               data systems.
                becoming stricter       teams.                                                                                     consultation.
                                    ●
                                        Mandatory disclosure of                                                                ●
                                                                                                                                   Strengthen internal capacity building and
                                        climate-related information.                                                               introduce external expert resources.


                                                                           ●
                                                                               Reduced business
                                    ●
                                        Customers require transparency                                                         ●
                                                                                                                                   Consider developing carbon-neutral
                Green product                                                  volume and declining
                                        in carbon footprints.                                                                      logistics product lines and obtain relevant
                certification                                                  revenue.
                                    ●
                                        Supply Chain Sustainability                                         Medium and             certifications.
Market risks    and carbon                                                 ●
                                                                               Increased costs of
                                        Review.                                                              long-term         ●
                                                                                                                                   Establish carbon footprint calculation and
                footprint label                                                development investment
                                    ●
                                        Carbon neutral product                                                                     disclosure capabilities.
                requirements;                                                  and compliance
                                        certification requirements.                                                            ●
                                                                                                                                   Promote green brand image.
                                                                               certification.


                                    ●
                                        Proven technologies for electric
                                                                           ●
                                                                               Asset depreciation of                           ●
                                                                                                                                   Develop a technical roadmap and pilot
                                        vehicles and hydrogen energy
                                                                               the existing fuel vehicle                           plan.
                                        vehicles.
                                                                               fleets.                                         ●
                                                                                                                                   Establish strategic cooperation with
                Low-carbon          ●
                                        Autonomous driving reduces
Technical                                                                  ●
                                                                               The sunk costs of            Medium and             technical suppliers.
                technology              labor costs.
risks                                                                          technical investments         long-term         ●
                                                                                                                                   Promote technological transformation in
                substitution        ●
                                        Block chain optimizes
                                                                               fail to attain the sunk                             phases.
                                        transportation efficiency.
                                                                               cost expectations.                              ●
                                                                                                                                   Maintain technical flexibility to avoid
                                    ●
                                        Popularized drone/robot            ●
                                                                               Damaged market shares.                              lock-in.
                                        delivery.


                                                                           ●
                                                                               The brand's
                                                                               competitiveness has
                                    ●
                                        Failure to timely communicate          declined and business                           ●
                                                                                                                                   Communicate the progress of climate
                                        the company's progress in              deteriorates.                                       change through information disclosure
                Stakeholder
Reputation                              addressing climate change to       ●
                                                                               The company's market                                and ESG ratings.
                feedback and                                                                                 Long-term
risks                                   stakeholders has resulted in           value has declined.                             ●
                                                                                                                                   Smooth communication channels
                concerns
                                        negative feedback and damage       ●
                                                                               Changes in financing                                for stakeholders and conduct regular
                                        to goodwill.                           costs (ESG investment                               dialogues.
                                                                               interest rate discounts or
                                                                               default costs).




                                                                                                                                                                             131
                                                                       About the Report                     Overview of J&T Express                   Sustainability Management




                                            Analysis and Response to Major Climate-Related Opportunities

 Opportunity       Specific
                                            Impact Analysis                    Potential Financial Impact           Impact Cycle                       Measures
   Type          Indications


               Green products    ●
                                     Premium for Carbon-neutral                                                                       ●
                                                                                                                                          Consider developing carbon-neutral
               have a premium                                             ●
                                                                              Develop high value-added
   Green                             logistics services.                                                                                  express delivery products.
               space and                                                      businesses.                            Medium and
  logistics                      ●
                                     Carbon footprint visualization                                                                   ●
                                                                                                                                          Consider providing carbon footprint
               are highly                                                 ●
                                                                              Enhanced competitive                    long-term
  products                           value-added service.                                                                                 reporting services.
               recognized by                                                  advantage.
               the market.
                                 ●
                                     Green supply chain solutions.                                                                    ●
                                                                                                                                          Build green logistics brands.



                                 ●
                                     Distributed photovoltaic and
                                     wind power projects adopt
                                     the mode of self-consumption
             Strengthen
                                                                          ●
                                                                              Reduce long-term electricity
                                     of generated electricity with                                                                    ●
                                                                                                                                          Construct rooftop photovoltaic
             applications                                                     costs.
                                     surplus electricity fed to the                                                                       power stations.
 Application of rooftop              grid.
                                                                          ●
                                                                              Acquire additional benefits
                                                                                                                     Medium and       ●
                                                                                                                                          Purchase green power certificates.
of Renewable photovoltaic                                                     (carbon credits, green
                                 ●
                                     Energy storage systems can                                                       long-term       ●
                                                                                                                                          Invest in energy storage facilities.
   Energy    power,                                                           electricity trading etc.).
                                     peak-shave and valley-fill to
             distributed wind                                                                                                         ●
                                                                                                                                          Conclude power purchase
                                     enhance energy autonomy.
                                                                          ●
                                                                              Obtain increased potential for
             power, etc.                                                                                                                  agreement.
                                                                              government subsidies.
                                 ●
                                     Reduce carbon emissions and
                                     promote the process of carbon
                                     neutrality.

                                                                                                                                      ●
                                                                                                                                          Continue to promote the application
                                 ●
                                     Application of transitional fuels    ●
                                                                              Improved controllability of
                                                                                                                                          and popularization of biodiesel,
                                     such as biodiesel and LNG.               initial fuel costs.
                                                                                                                                          LNG, and electric vehicles.
               Development       ●
                                     Hydrogen fuel cell for long-         ●
                                                                              Long term electricity cost
               and application                                                                                                        ●
                                                                                                                                          Launch hydrogen energy heavy-
 Low carbon                          distance transit.                        reduction.                             Medium and
               of clean and                                                                                                               duty truck pilots.
  fuel shift                     ●
                                     Potential of e-fuel (electro         ●
                                                                              Additional high end customer            long-term
               low-carbon fuel                                                                                                        ●
                                                                                                                                          Track the development of new fuel
                                     fuels).                                  brand premium.
               technologies.                                                                                                              technologies.
                                 ●
                                     Optimization of multi-energy         ●
                                                                              Reduce carbon emissions
                                                                                                                                      ●
                                                                                                                                          Establish a flexible energy
                                     combinations.                            compliance costs.
                                                                                                                                          procurement strategy.


               Recycling                                                  ●
                                                                              Optimization of operating
               and reuse of      ●
                                     Recycle packaging materials to
                                                                              costs.                                                  ●
                                                                                                                                          Continue to promote recyclable
  Circular     resources such        reduce one-time input.
                                                                          ●
                                                                              Reduce packaging                       Medium and           packaging solutions.
  economy      as packaging      ●
                                     Cascaded utilization of vehicle
                                                                              procurement costs.                      long-term       ●
                                                                                                                                          Cooperate with qualified third
   model       materials and         components such as tires and
                                                                          ●
                                                                              Decreased cost of waste                                     parties to explore recycling models.
               equipment             batteries.
               components.                                                    disposal.




                                                             Based on the identification and assessment of climate-related risks
                                                             and opportunities, the Company has established the “3R (Reduce-
                                                             Replace-Resolve)” carbon reduction action framework with green
                                                             logistics as its strategic core. It aims to advance carbon emission
                                                             reduction targets through systematic and phased measures and rise
                                                             proactively to the challenges of climate changes.




132
    Environment: Green Logistics                      Social: Ingenious Service                          Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                  Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                      and People-Oriented Approach                   Governance and Strategic Leadership




Reduce: Digging Deep into Energy Efficiency Potential
Based upon daily operational management measures such as transportation route optimization, promotion of new energy vehicles, and operational
equipment upgrades (refer to the Energy Consumption Control section for details), the Company focuses on advancing the engineering transformation
and upgrading of infrastructure to achieve deep reductions in energy consumption at the source.


 Natural Daylighting Design



      In the construction of Huaiyang and Zhengzhou logistics parks, roof lighting panels and large-area high windows were incorporated to
      utilize natural lighting technology, thereby reducing the energy demand of the lighting system at the source.




 Intelligent Lighting System




      In 2025, the Company first introduced an intelligent lighting system and completed a large-scale smart upgrade at the Zhengzhou sorting
      center. This involved replacing 6,000 energy-saving smart fixtures to establish an intelligent and efficient adaptive lighting system:

      1) Through stepless dimming function, it automatically reduces illuminance near natural light sources (e.g., doors, windows, lighting
      panels) while maintaining uniform indoor illuminance, reducing energy consumption and promoting eye health.

      2) By using radar sensing modules to track personnel and vehicle movements, it automatically switches to 30% low-power standby mode
      in unoccupied areas while sustaining basic lighting requirements.

      3) For different functional zones (e.g., dense storage areas, sorting operation zones, cargo aisles), the system allows customization of
      sensitivity and lighting duration via the park management platform, enabling remote zone control that perfectly adapts to the “peak-off
      peak-quiet” rhythm of warehouse operations.




Replace: Optimizing Energy Structure
The Company actively promotes the transformation of the energy structure by gradually                        the rooftop photovoltaic systems at the
increasing the proportion of renewable and clean energy sources such as solar power and LNG                  Huaiyang and Zhengzhou sorting centers had
etc., and systematically replacing fossil fuels to further reduce carbon emissions. During the               been operating stably for over a year, with a
planning phase of logistics parks, the Company reserved the photovoltaic capacity to promote                 total installed capacity of



                                                                                                             17.05
vigorously the distributed photovoltaic generation systems. By the end of 2025, the rooftop
photovoltaic systems at the Huaiyang and Zhengzhou sorting centers have been operating stably
                                                                                                                                         MW
for over a year, with a total installed capacity of 17.05 MW and an annual photovoltaic power
generation of 13,787.04 MWh Additionally, the rooftop photovoltaic project at the Guangzhou
Huadu sorting center is being constructed in two phases, with the first phase reaching a total
                                                                                                             and an annual photovoltaic power generation
installed capacity of 6 MW and set to operate in January 2026, further expanding the Company's
green energy portfolio.
                                                                                                             13,787.04                            MWh



Resolve: Exploring Negative Carbon Path
To achieve the long-term deep decarbonization target, the Company will actively keep track of cutting-edge technologies and market-based mechanisms
and explore offsetting approaches including carbon trading and forestry carbon sinks. By purchasing Verified Emission Reductions (VERs) and other ways,
the Company will neutralize unavoidable emissions to help realize the goal of carbon neutrality.

                                                                                                                                                     133
                                                             About the Report              Overview of J&T Express               Sustainability Management




      Risk Management

The Company has deeply incorporated climate change related risks and opportunities in its overall operational risk management system, and
established a scientific management mechanism covering the entire process of identification, assessment, sorting, and monitoring. By systematically
analyzing the potential impact of climate related risks on core business operations, the Company conducts comprehensive assessments from two
dimensions: physical risks and transformation risks, continuously optimizes management measures, and explores strategic opportunities brought by
climate changes based on its own business characteristics.

In response to operational anomalies from climate risks, the Company has established a special monitoring and analysis system to conduct regularly
year-on-year and month-on-month change analysis, and enable early identification and timely response to risks through climate risk warning and
monitoring mechanisms. For different types of climate risks such as rainstorm and flood, extreme high temperature, typhoon, ice and snow disasters,
the Company has developed a differentiated emergency plan to define the response process and resource allocation plan, and minimize the adverse
impact of various extreme weather events on operation continuity.

Meanwhile, the Company makes full use of the meteorological big data and climate trend analysis technologies to accurately predict regional climate
risk patterns and systematically identify more climate-stable transportation routes and alternatives. Optimizing transport route planning based on
climate resilience assessment not only effectively minimizes the risks of transportation interruption, delay, and cargo damage caused by extreme
weather, but also enhances the overall risk resistance and service stability of the logistics network, while providing customers with more reliable
logistics support.




                 Case: Malaysia Is Actively Building Climate-resilient Logistics Parks


      In 2025, the Company's first logistics park construction project in Malaysia was launched in all fronts. Given the climatic characteristics
      of frequent earthquakes, rainstorms typhoons and other natural disasters in Southeast Asia, the project incorporated disaster resilience and
      environmentally friendly concepts at the core of its planning as early as the architectural design stage, with extreme climate resilience
      adopted as the primary planning criterion. The project aimed to build an internationally leading climate adaptive logistics infrastructure.




                                 The entire structure of the building consists of specially reinforced wind resistant columns. Through
                                 comprehensive measures such as optimizing structural layout, enhancing strength of key node
                  Wind           connections, and use of high-performance building materials, the structural stability and safety of the
              resistant and
                                 park buildings under multiple natural disasters such as strong winds and earthquakes have improved
            seismic resistant
                structure        significantly. This design not only ensures safety of personnel and assets from a technical perspective, but
                                 also reflects the company's social responsibility to employees, partners, and surrounding communities,
                                 thus providing a safe and reliable logistics support platform for regional economic development.




                                 In response to the frequent heavy rainfall climate characteristics in Southeast Asia, the park is provided
                                 with a roof gutter drainage system to quickly collect storm water. The elevation of the road surface in the
               Intelligent
                                 park has been repeatedly verified and determined to be higher than the municipal road outside the site,
             drainage and
             flood control
                                 and a reasonable slope was designed to ensure storm water is quickly drained and no accumulated water
                                 on the road surface. In the meantime, water baffles are provided below the canopy to effectively block the
                                 infiltration of storm water, providing comprehensive protection for the production and storage areas.


      In the meantime, the underground system of the park is provided with interactive facilities consisting of stormwater storage tanks and
      slurry interceptors to have a multi-level storm water management system. The storm water tank can effectively contain the storm water
      runoff and reduce the peak flow during the peak rainstorm period to ensure effective drainage of storm water and minimize the risk of
      waterlogging in the park. The slurry interceptor filters out sediment impurities through pre-sedimentation to control the concentration of
      suspended solids in the discharged water from the source and protect the local aquatic ecological environment.




134
    Environment: Green Logistics                      Social: Ingenious Service                         Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                 Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                      and People-Oriented Approach                  Governance and Strategic Leadership




    Indicators and Targets

The Company has been conducting greenhouse gas accounting for Scope 1, Scope 2, and portions of Scope 3 since 2023, and has set climate
management goals based on such accounting: Scope 1: Increase the deployment and use of LNG vehicles, and gradually expand the assessment,
pilot testing, and application of vehicles powered by diversified clean energy sources (such as methanol, hydrogen, etc.). Scope 2: Deploy distributed
photovoltaic projects within self-owned logistics parks, gradually implement green electricity procurement, and continuously increase the proportion
of renewable energy usage. Scope 3: Promote packaging reduction continuously, encourage third-party carriers to strengthen energy management
and expand the use of clean energy vehicles. In the future, the Company plans to further build a solid carbon emission data foundation through a
systematic and comprehensive full-value-chain greenhouse gas (GHG) inventory, and implement emissions reduction initiatives in stages through
technological substitution and management optimization. The Company endeavors to steadily advance its carbon neutrality journey at the operational
level and across the full value chain.


                                             J&T Express 2025 Annual Greenhouse Gas Emission


 Indicators                                                                                Unit                         2023             2024     2025

 Scope 1 GHG emissions                                                                  10kt CO2e                       68.97            96.51   121.65


 Scope 2 GHG emissions                                                                  10kt CO2e                       30.04            26.62    31.96


 Total GHG emissions (Scope 1 + Scope 2)                                                10kt CO2e                       99.01           123.13   153.60

                                                                                    tCO2e/ USD10,000
 GHG emission intensity (Scope 1 + Scope 2) (by revenue)                                                                 1.12             1.20     1.26
                                                                                         revenue

 Scope 3 Total GHG emissions                                                            10kt CO2e                       64.89           143.81   156.92


 Category 1: Purchased Goods and Services (Express Packaging)                           10kt CO2e                        5.68             7.87    12.43


 Category 2: Capital Goods                                                              10kt CO2e                        0.23             3.46    50.38

 Category 3: Fuel and energy-related activities
                                                                                        10kt CO2e                       13.54            16.96    36.30
 (not included in Scope 1 and Scope 2)

 Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution
                                                                                        10kt CO2e                       45.08           115.43    54.85
 (with third parties providing the transportation capacity)

 Category 6: Business Travel                                                            10kt CO2e                        0.12             0.09     2.97


 Including: Yunyi Transportation


 Total GHG emissions (Scope 1)                                                          10kt CO2e                       54.67            75.46    80.08


 GHG emission intensity (Scope 1)                                                  tCO2e/Million Parcels                57.27            55.07    51.34




                                                                                                                                                    135
      Social
      Ingenious Service and People-
      Oriented Approach



       Product Service and Quality

       Empowering Talent Development

       Guarding Health and Safety

       Improving Value Chain Management

       Commitment to Social Well-being




SDGs




136
    Environment: Green Logistics                      Social: Ingenious Service                              Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                       Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                      and People-Oriented Approach                       Governance and Strategic Leadership




Product Service and Quality
J&T Express continuously refines and upgrades its service offerings and product portfolio, with customer needs as its core driving force. The
Company precisely identifies the diverse needs of customers in dimensions such as timeliness assurance, service quality, and after-sales response, and
relies on intelligent infrastructure and digital logistics networks to build a comprehensive logistics service system that covers the whole-link and all
scenarios. The Company aims to provide every user with an efficient, stable, and reliable express delivery service experience.




     Excellent Service Quality

Efficient Delivery Services




                          J&T Super                                  Standard Express Service-                           Standard Express Service-
                                                                            Domestic                                           International



   J&T Super is a specialized service tailored for mid-               The domestic standard                         The international standard express
   to-high-end e-commerce brands. Leveraging the                      express service is J&T                        service addresses cross-border
   Company's mature end-to-end delivery network,                      Express’s core express                        shipping needs with a focus on
   this premium solution combines dedicated resource                  delivery product serving                      timeliness assurance and parcel
   allocation with refined service management to                      both e-commerce brands                        security, primarily serving time-
   meet brand merchants' elevated delivery standards.                 and individual customers.                     sensitive cross-border items such
   Compared to standard express products, J&T                         Taking China as an                            as business documents and parcels.
   Super offers exclusive waybills for distinct brand                 example, J&T Express                          By establishing seamless express
   identity, green channel access ensuring priority                   enables efficient and reliable                channels between China and multiple
   processing of shipments, a priority transit and last-              parcel distribution across                    Southeast Asian countries, it provides
   mile delivery protocol guaranteeing end-to-end on-                 the country based on the                      customers with stable, efficient, and
   time delivery assurance, and on-demand delivery                    100% coverage of provinces                    fully traceable international delivery
   and other personalized service options, effectively                and cities and 81 intelligent                 experiences.
   meeting brand clients' higher expectations for                     sorting centers.
   delivery quality.




                   Case: J&T Express Delivers Fresh Lychee Across Mountains and Seas


      Long-distance transportation of lychees poses significant preservation challenges, with extremely demanding requirements for both
      timeliness and cold-chain technology. Addressing this pain point, we leverage our J&T Super service in China, with end-to-end timeliness
      management, to provide robust support for cross-provincial delivery of fresh agricultural products like lychees. Currently, deliveries to
      20 provinces can now achieve one-day-earlier delivery after using J&T Super. Taking Maoming, Guangdong as an example, shipments to
      eastern Guangdong province and neighboring regions including Guangxi, Hunan, Fujian, and Jiangxi all achieve stable next-day delivery.
      This significantly reduces in-transit time, effectively preserves fruit freshness, and substantially enhances the end-consumer experience.



                                                                                                                                                             137
                                                             About the Report               Overview of J&T Express                 Sustainability Management




                  Case: 100% Same-Day Delivery Across Bangkok on New Phone Launch Day in Thailand


       In September 2025, a leading international brand launched its latest smartphone in Thailand, with J&T Express handling the first-batch
       delivery. Facing the surge in delivery volume accompanying the product release, we mobilized with exceptional service commitment and
       execution capabilities. With the clear objective set for that day: "delivering every package to customers safely and on time", every team
       member went all-out to create the best possible unboxing experience for users. J&T Express achieved 100% same-day delivery completion
       across Bangkok, with all deliveries to remote areas across Thailand completed by the following day. These results fully demonstrate J&T
       Express's stable and efficient service delivery capabilities under peak-demand scenarios.




                  Case: J&T Express International Freight Boasts Volume and Efficiency Surge, with Service Capability Fully Upgraded


       In 2025, the Group's international freight business achieved remarkable growth. The total volume and air cargo increased 200% and
       300% respectively, demonstrating strong upward momentum. In addition, the on-time rate of cross-border fulfillment reached 95.8%, the
       customer complaint rate dropped to 0.48%, a year-on-year decrease of 40% in 2025. Moreover, the utilization rate of sea freight space
       is 92%, and that of air freight space is 95%. The average customs clearance time has been shortened to 28 hours, a 25% acceleration
       compared to the previous year, fully demonstrating the comprehensive service capabilities and continuous growth momentum of
       international freight business.




Service Quality Assurance


   Service Assurance System

J&T Express consistently prioritizes product and service quality, continuously refining and upgrading its service portfolio. Centered on three core
pillars which include timeliness assurance, standardized service, and seamless information flow, the Company has established a comprehensive
service assurance system that fully addresses diverse customer shipping needs.




                                                                                                                Seamless Information
      Timeliness Assurance                             Standardized Service
                                                                                                                Flow


  J&T Express has developed robust                    Through the establishment of                          J&T Express has established a dedicated
  timeliness management protocols and                 comprehensive standards covering cargo                information optimization task force.
  route operation standards, setting end-             safety, daily operations, and service                 Through technological enhancements,
  to-end delivery targets across the entire           procedures, J&T Express standardizes                  the Company provides real-time logistics
  logistics chain. Leveraging intelligent             courier behavior and ensures consistent,              tracking and estimated delivery times.
  online tools, the Company enables precise           normalized operations at every node.                  Customers benefit from a diversified
  early warning and real-time monitoring              Additionally, the Company continuously                service suite including multi-channel order
  of all routes and operational nodes.                enhances customer needs identification                placement, self-service label printing, real-
  Benchmarking against industry timeliness            capabilities, guiding local outlets to handle         time tracking, SMS notifications, and last-
  standards, J&T Express continuously                 return processes in a standardized manner,            mile delivery confirmation with signature
  tracks and resolves exceptional cases,              thereby elevating the overall pickup and              verification. All these measures are
  improving fulfillment rates for next-               delivery experience.                                  designed to materially improve customer
  day and day-after-next-day deliveries to                                                                  satisfaction.
  effectively shorten parcel transit times.




138
    Environment: Green Logistics                       Social: Ingenious Service                       Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                       and People-Oriented Approach                Governance and Strategic Leadership




   Global Business Expansion

Furthermore, J&T Express continues to deepen its global footprint while enhancing localized service capabilities. In 2025, the Company has
established an international service network spanning diverse markets across Asia, the Middle East, and Latin America. Upon entering each new
market, J&T Express conducts thorough assessments of local macroeconomic conditions, infrastructure readiness, and customer needs, tailoring
differentiated product solutions and service standards to regional specifics. The Company consistently takes market-adaptive approach to address
logistics challenges in remote and underserved areas.




                                   In Western                                                                 In Southeast
                                     China                                                                        Asia




     J&T Express actively implements rural consolidated                             The Company persistently overcomes challenges posed by
     logistics programs, partnering with e-commerce platforms                       complex natural terrain and underdeveloped infrastructure,
     to reduce delivery costs in remote regions. This effectively                   extending service to deliver reliable delivery services to more
     resolves long-standing pain points for local consumers                         remote communities, not only meeting local customer needs
     include no delivery access, high costs, slow transit, and                      but also stimulating regional e-commerce growth.
     logistical difficulties. Currently, villages have courier access
     in Xinjiang, achieving near-universal coverage across the
     region.




                   Case: J&T Express Delivers Deep into Brazil's Amazon Rainforest


     In the Guadalupe community of northern Rio de Janeiro, J&T Express provides stable delivery services to 75,000 residents, serving as
     a vital channel for locals to access food and daily necessities. In Roraima State, Brazil's northernmost region, we penetrate deep into
     the Amazon rainforest to conduct deliveries. This area is sparsely populated, characterized by muddy roads, absent address numbering,
     and weak network signals, widely recognized within the industry as “the most challenging delivery region in Brazil”. Confronting these
     formidable obstacles, we maintain continuous communication with customers throughout the delivery process, ensuring every parcel is
     delivered accurately to its recipient During the 2025 BRICS Leaders’ Summit, CCTV (China Central Television) news reporters traveled
     to Brazil to report on-site, spotlighting how we overcome delivery barriers in rainforest areas and showcasing what we contributed to
     inclusive logistics, local economic development, and job creation to a global audience through their lens.




                   Case: J&T Express Launches First Integrated "Ship and Self-Pickup" Service Station on Talim Island, the Philippines


     On December 9, 2025, we officially launched our first integrated “Ship and Self-Pickup” service station on Talim Island, Binangonan,
     Philippines. We set up an outlet provides package collection, self-pickup, and temporary storage services within a one-kilometer radius
     on the island, addressing the core pain point of long-term reliance on shipping for logistics and the need for residents to leave the island
     to send parcels. The outlet eliminating the inconvenience of off-island trips. Since the outlet is put into use, delivery success rates have
     increased 20%, distribution costs have dropped 40%, and the localized operational model has significantly reduced operational complexity
     while substantially boosting customer satisfaction.



                                                                                                                                                      139
                                                              About the Report               Overview of J&T Express                Sustainability Management




   Efficient and Intelligent Sorting

In terms of sorting centers J&T Express leverages an intelligent sorting system to comprehensively improve transfer efficiency and service quality
through automated sorting, intelligent dispatching, and real-time big data monitoring. Standardized operating procedures combined with digital node
control effectively ensure delivery timeliness and security, significantly reducing the rate of abnormal shipments, and providing customers with a more
efficient and reliable end-to-end express delivery experience.




                 Case: J&T Express Dali Sorting Center Upgrades Overall Sorting Timeliness, with Intelligence Empowering Delivery
                 Efficiency Improvement in Western Yunnan


      In China, the Dali Sorting Center in Yunnan Province, with the prime location advantage                the high-speed cross-belt sorter
      of the Shanghe Logistics Industrial Park, has continuously upgraded its infrastructure and             processes up to



                                                                                                             33,000
      operational systems and become the core sorting center for western Yunnan, covering
      Dali, Lijiang, Nujiang, Diqing, Baoshan, Dehong, and Lincang. The sorting center serves
      50 first-tier outlets with a daily inbound and outbound volume of approximately 400,000
      parcels. To ensure efficient parcel transfer, the sorting center has fully deployed intelligent        shipments per hour
      sorting systems that complete automatic identification and primary sorting, before parcels
      enter designated sorting lines for fine-grained distribution by outlet area, enabling efficient        with the entire process from
      connection with last-mile delivery. Currently, the high-speed cross-belt sorter processes              unloading to sorted loading taking
      up to 33,000 shipments per hour, with the entire process from unloading to sorted loading              merely



                                                                                                             10
      taking merely 10 minutes per parcel, greatly shortening transit time and providing a solid
      guarantee for the stable, efficient express parcel flow throughout western Yunnan.
                                                                                                                       minutes per parcel




                                                              Dali Sorting Center, Yunnan




140
    Environment: Green Logistics                     Social: Ingenious Service                        Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                             Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                     and People-Oriented Approach                 Governance and Strategic Leadership




   Last-Mile Delivery Management

J&T Express consistently adheres to the service philosophy of “perfecting the last mile of every delivery” throughout its end-delivery operations,
implementing multiple measures to enhance terminal service quality. The Company strengthens its network foundation through proprietary branded
pickup points, continuously optimizes last-mile delivery efficiency and service standards, strictly enforces customer information security protection
protocols, and systematically trains frontline staff to elevate service capabilities. Through these concerted efforts, J&T Express extends premium
services to every consumer, comprehensively enhancing the end-to-end customer experience.




                                         ●   Establishing in-storage duration standards and synchronizing parcel outbound status with regional
      Optimizing Last-Mile
                                             operations and outlets daily. Automated SMS notifications reminding customers to collect parcels
       Delivery Efficiency
                                             promptly, thereby improving last-mile delivery efficiency.


                                         ●   Real-time system monitoring of last-mile sign-off compliance, proactively identifying anomalous
     Alert of False Delivery
                                             signoffs in advance and actively resolving customer receipt issues to enhance the last-mile delivery
         Confirmation
                                             experience.



      Standardizing Outlet               ●   Promoting operational standards through meetings, training sessions, and APP-based assessments to
            Services                         ensure outlets strictly adhere to established procedures.




    Control of False Door-to-            ●   Utilizing map-based location technology to supervise courier behavior, strictly enforcing immediate
         Door Delivery                       sign-off upon delivery to improve service precision.




   Reverse Tagging & Special             ●   Adding delivery preference options, enabling couriers to mark delivery requirements via the APP for
        Requirements                         tailored service delivery.




   Building Proprietary Brand            ●   Developing end-community complexes “J&T Neighborhood” and “YoYi Station” to provide superior
         Service Stations                    delivery services for local community residents.




      Protecting Customer                ●   Establishing anti-data leakage mechanisms and signing data agreements with branded partnership
      Privacy Information                    outlets and lockers to clearly define information handling responsibilities.




                   Case: J&T Express Drives Last-Mile Delivery Quality Through Convenient Services in Singapore



     In Singapore, we collaborate extensively with local retail stores and community partners to continuously build and optimize the pickup
     and delivery outlet. These outlets are strategically positioned in accessible locations such as community convenience stores and high-
     traffic areas, allowing customers to flexibly arrange parcel collection and dispatch without relying on door-to-door pickup services, and
     effectively enhancing the convenience and user experience of last-mile services. The centralized outlet model enables unified parcel
     collection, replacing the traditional scattered multi-point door-to-door approach. This significantly optimizes delivery route planning and
     reduces vehicle stops. We also dynamically adjust outlet layouts based on actual usage data and evolving customer needs, ensuring broad
     service coverage while further improving operational efficiency and sustainability.




                                                                                                                                                   141
                                                            About the Report              Overview of J&T Express              Sustainability Management




      Enhanced Customer Experience

J&T Express is committed to delivering premium service experiences to customers and systematically optimizes service processes and quality
standards by deepening operational collaboration around customer needs. At the customer communication level, J&T Express has established diverse
channels including official websites, customer service hotlines, WeChat official accounts, email, satisfaction follow-ups, and user surveys, broadly
collecting and precisely interpreting customer feedback to transform genuine needs into actionable service improvements, driving steady advancement
in overall service levels.




Outstanding Customer Service Team

J&T Express has built a comprehensive customer service management system. Taking China as an example, the service team is structured around five
core functions: Operational Support, Experience Assurance, Merchant Services, Service Support, and Direct Customer Service, complemented by
ten virtual three-tier sub-organizations, enabling efficient resource coordination and refined management. Additionally, the Company has established
professional quality control teams that continuously enhance global service team performance through daily exception monitoring, real-time customer
issue follow-up, training system optimization, and franchisee staff empowerment initiatives.




Customer Complaint Management

In complaint management, J&T Express has established a standardized, full-chain complaint handling system covering four critical stages: intake,
resolution, closure, and prevention, ensuring efficient response to and systematic improvement of customer complaints.




             Intake                    Leveraging unified multi-channel entry points and intelligent routing mechanisms, complaints are
      Intelligent Triage for           classified by severity and impact scope. Major complaints are immediately escalated to dedicated teams
       Precise Assignment              for priority handling, ensuring precise matching of resources to issues.




          Resolution
                                       All operating countries uniformly enforce service timeliness standards of “first response within 1 hour,
 Time-Bound Commitments                full resolution within 24 hours”. Throughout the process, customers are proactively updated on progress,
      and Transparent                  with operational teams coordinated to drive substantive problem resolution.
      Communication




            Closure
                                       Substantive problem resolution serves as the sole criterion for ticket closure. Upon closure, the system
   Substantive Resolution              automatically triggers satisfaction follow-up calls. If the customer remains dissatisfied, the ticket is
    to Prevent Procedural              immediately reopened and automatically escalated, structurally eliminating perfunctory closures.
           Closure




                                       The Company has established real-time early warning systems for under-performing outlets and negative
          Prevention
                                       feedback traceability mechanisms. The Company conducts systematic root cause analysis on recurring
   Root Cause Analysis for             complaints, with findings converted into training inputs and process optimization initiatives, transforming
   Proactive Risk Control              complaint management from reactive post-incident handling to proactive pre-incident prevention.




142
Environment: Green Logistics                    Social: Ingenious Service                      Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                  Appendix
 and Energy Transformation                    and People-Oriented Approach               Governance and Strategic Leadership




               Case: J&T Express’ One-Hour Response Service Commitment


 In response to differentiated market demands, J&T Express has actively implemented the “One-Hour Response Service Commitment” in
 operating countries worldwide, driving a transformation from reactive response to proactive service management.



                                         In Saudi Arabia


       We have established clear internal Service Level
                                                                             In Brazil
       Agreements (SLAs) for high-impact cases. Critical
       complaints are immediately escalated to dedicated
       teams, with customers contacted by phone within                       G u i d e d b y t h e p r i n c i p l e s o f “A g i l i t y a n d
       one hour to confirm issues and report progress.                       Transparency”, we complete the first response to
       A ticket number is simultaneously provided for                        critical calls within one hour with clear follow-up
       customer tracking. If timeout risks are identified,                   measures, and provide conclusive replies within 24
       customers are proactively informed in advance.                        hours.
       Upon resolution, customer satisfaction is confirmed
       before formally closing the ticket, forming a
       complete service loop.                                                In Mexico


                                                                             Leveraging the internal JMS system for automatic
                                                                             ticket classification, real-time monitoring
                                                                             dashboards, and escalation protocols, we achieve
                                            In Singapore                     the one-hour response commitment for inquiries
                                                                             and complaints from call centers, instant messaging
                                                                             channels, and ticketing systems. Regional customer
       All customer inquiries receive acknowledgment                         service teams monitor and manage franchise
       replies within one hour, with substantive follow-                     network response performance, reducing secondary
       up or solutions provided within 24 hours. This                        complaints while enhancing complaint handling
       effectively reduces customer uncertainty during                       transparency for e-commerce platform clients.
       waiting periods, improves communication
       transparency, and delivers a more consistent and
       reliable service experience to customers.                             In the Philippines, Vietnam, Cambodia, and
                                                                             multiple other countries



                                                                             We have simultaneously implemented the “One-
                                                                             Hour Acknowledgment, 24-Hour Substantive
                                                                             Resolution” service standard, effectively reducing
                                                                             customer uncertainty and continuously improving
                                                                             service response quality by clarifying timeframes
                                                                             and accountability.




                                                                                                                                                     143
                                                          About the Report             Overview of J&T Express              Sustainability Management




Meanwhile, J&T Express has established a comprehensive customer complaint compensation mechanism, committing to rapid response and timely
compensation for delays or damaged parcels caused by its own reasons.



               Case: J&T Express Streamlines Claims Processes to Enhance Service Experience




                             In Indonesia



            We have implemented standardized service
            compensation solutions that customers can obtain
            partial refunds or service vouchers for delivery
            delays or damaged parcels without undergoing
            cumbersome approval processes, shifting the
            service orientation from problem explanation to
            proactive service recovery.




                                                                                        24-hour rapid claims settlement system




                                                                     In Brazil



            We have comprehensively optimized the processing workflow for eligible compensation cases. Upon simple verification,
            same-day credit disbursement is achieved, with automated tools replacing manual approval procedures. This significantly
            improves compensation efficiency, effectively reducing customer complaints arising from delayed compensation, and
            providing customers with a fairer and smoother service experience.




                                                                  In Malaysia



            In response to common logistics exception scenarios, we have launched multiple claims service optimization initiatives
            to reshape customer protection through rapid response and proactive service. For damaged or lost parcels, compensation
            is committed to be completed within 24 hours with expedited disbursement. For small-value cases below 50 Malaysian
            Ringgit, the audit process is bypassed entirely with immediate payment, substantially simplifying the claims workflow.
            For damaged or lost parcels caused by natural disasters or traffic accidents, we similarly activate claims mechanisms to
            proactively comfort affected customers. Additionally, for delayed parcels, the customer service team proactively contacts
            customers for notification and reassurance, transforming passive response into proactive service, effectively enhancing
            customer experience and reducing the occurrence of repeated complaints.




144
    Environment: Green Logistics                     Social: Ingenious Service                        Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                             Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                     and People-Oriented Approach                 Governance and Strategic Leadership




Service Capability Enhancement


   Education & Training


To strengthen customer service team capabilities and improve service quality and customer satisfaction, J&T Express has implemented a series of
initiatives across three strategic pillars: tiered training system, differentiated incentive mechanism, and knowledge system development, achieving a
gradual increase in the proportion of high-star customer service representatives.



       Tiered Training System



       The Company has established a “tiered progression + scenario-based practical training” system, delivering targeted empowerment
       for different levels of customer service staff. For new hires and lower-star representatives, the focus is on reinforcing basic service
       standards, ticket processing workflows, and common inquiry responses, utilizing a “theoretical learning + mentor-apprentice
       coaching” model to rapidly build foundational capabilities. For mid-to-high-star representatives, training concentrates on complex
       complaint handling, emotional management, and value-added service techniques, with case reviews based on typical scenarios such as
       claims disputes and delivery delay complaints.




       Knowledge System Development



       The Company has built a unified network-wide customer service knowledge base, integrating information across the entire logistics
       chain, with a weekly dynamic update mechanism. A practical model combining simulated customer conversations with on-site
       evaluations is employed in training to effectively improve the conversion rates.




       Differentiated Incentive Mechanism



       The Company implements a dual incentive scheme linking star ratings with specialized rewards. High-star representatives’
       performance coefficients are deeply tied to core metrics including customer satisfaction, ticket processing efficiency, and complaint
       rates. Additionally, star advancement awards and team-based awards are established to continuously energize overall team vitality.




                                                                                                                                                 145
                                                             About the Report                Overview of J&T Express                  Sustainability Management




                 Case: Service Personnel Training and Incentive System Development


      In Thailand, to continuously improve last-mile service quality, we have built a comprehensive closed-loop system for service ability
      enhancement, covering capability training, satisfaction evaluation, and incentive feedback, with frontline outlet staff as the core
      empowerment target. Through systematic training to solidify service foundations, combined with quantitative evaluation mechanisms to
      continuously track service performance, we have established a progressive path for service improvement.


      Training System
      We conduct systematic service training for frontline outlet staff, fundamentally improving their service awareness and standardized
      operation to effectively reduce customer complaint risks. Training adopts offline centralized instruction format, integrating role-playing
      and scenario-based operational exercises to ensure employees effectively translate theoretical knowledge into standardized service
      behaviors. Additionally, Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) manuals are compiled for daily reference and self-study to consolidate
      training effectiveness.


                                                                                                               Communication & Emergency
                Professional Service Standards              Standardized Operational Process
                                                                                                                       Response

          Enhance professional and standardized              Unify pickup and delivery                        Strengthen employees’
          operations of counter services at the              operational standards,                           communication skills and
          outlet, creating positive customer                 ensuring correct execution of                    rapid response capabilities for
          impressions                                        all service procedures                           unexpected situations

                                                                                                                  Customer Satisfaction &
                 Team Collaboration Culture                    Risk Prevention & Control
                                                                                                                       Repurchase

           Promote collaborative operations                  Reduce probability of cargo                      Improve overall customer
           within the store to form a systematic             damage, complaints, and brand                    experience, increasing
           and orderly work mode                             image impairment due to                          customer repurchase and
                                                             operational errors                               long-term loyalty


      Evaluation Mechanism
      Building upon the training system, we have established a supporting quantitative evaluation mechanism, driving continuous improvement
      in outlet service quality through real-time customer feedback data. Evaluation statistics operate on a weekly cycle, forming a normalized
      service monitoring rhythm. we deploy notification through the JMS system to all outlets, requiring each point to prominently display
      satisfaction evaluation QR codes at counters or customer waiting areas, with photo documentation uploaded for archiving. For door-to-
      door pickup customers, QR codes are pushed through targeted group messaging to guide completion of evaluations during or after pickup.
      Simultaneously, outlet staff proactively introduce the evaluation entry point to visiting customers, utilizing multiple channels to improve
      overall participation rates.

                                                     Customer Service Evaluation Standard


             Negative Review                                                                                                  Positive Review
           Negative review count /                                                                                        Positive review count / Total
             Total review count                                                                                                  review count



                                                    Phased Objectives for Customer Service


  Positive review
        rate

                 Basic service meeting              Service capability             High-level service                  Industry benchmark of
                       standards                      enhancement                                                            excellence


146
Environment: Green Logistics                    Social: Ingenious Service                         Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                          Appendix
 and Energy Transformation                    and People-Oriented Approach                  Governance and Strategic Leadership




               Case: Hot-Scenario Empowerment Training Mechanism


 To precisely enhance frontline customer service capabilities, we have established
 a “Hot-Scenario Empowerment” training mechanism in the Philippines. Based on
 high-frequency complaint scenarios from the call center, the headquarters quality
 assurance team rapidly extracts standard response strategies, develops specialized
 training materials, and distributes them to all regions within 48 hours. Regions must       The first-contact resolution rate for hot
 simultaneously complete the “Learn—Test—Practice” closed loop, with headquarters            scenarios has increased from


                                                                                             95% 98.5%
 conducting random inspections throughout to ensure know-how implementation.
 Meanwhile, the system daily samples complaint tickets for quality inspection,
 identifying issues and promptly feeding them back into training iterations to form a                      to
 continuous optimization loop. Since the mechanism's implementation, the first-contact
 resolution rate for hot scenarios has increased from 95% to 98.5%, demonstrating a
 clear improvement trend.




               Case: Multi-Dimensional Empowerment Mechanism, Enhancing Service Professionalism and Team Cohesion


 In Mexico, we have introduced innovative training initiatives across three dimensions—compliance awareness, operational skills, and
 team atmosphere—to build call center capabilities. In data protection, we implement periodic confidentiality and personal data protection
 training, combining real cases with simulated risk scenarios to strengthen compliance operational capabilities and information security
 awareness. In Proof of Delivery (POD) standardization, through case comparisons, quality inspections, and continuous feedback, we
 ensure the POD validity, reducing customer disputes and improving claims processing efficiency. In team motivation, we organize monthly
 team-building activities to recognize contributions and performance made by customer service staff, enhancing team belongingness and
 collaborative atmosphere, driving continuous service quality improvement, and effectively increasing employee attendance rates.




               Case: Multi-Dimensional Recognition Mechanism to Activate Intrinsic Team Motivation


 In Egypt, we broke away from traditional single-dimension performance reward models and established a tiered recognition system
 covering diverse contribution dimensions. In 2025, we introduced three specialized awards—Mentor Award, Operational Resilience
 Award, and Digital Agility Award—to precisely identify excellence across different positions and contribution types, effectively activating
 team members' intrinsic motivation and fostering a more balanced and collaborative working atmosphere.




               Case: Parcel Care Program


 In the Philippines, we fully implemented the Parcel Care program in 2025, transforming the complaint resolution standard from “ticket
 closure” to “actual package delivery”. With system upgrades, customer complaints are directly pushed to corresponding couriers' APP
 with special tags, while headquarters and regional teams monitor full-process data in real-time through BI dashboards. A tiered review
 mechanism was established, and Parcel Care performance was integrated into assessment and incentive frameworks.




                                                                                                                                               147
                                                              About the Report               Overview of J&T Express              Sustainability Management




      Expanded Brand Influence

Brand Promotion and Development

Regarding brand building, the Company adapts to local conditions across global markets, organically integrating offline community penetration
with online digital marketing. Through participation in high-impact industry events, festive marketing, and community engagement initiatives, we
continuously enhance brand awareness and influence in local markets. Simultaneously, we deeply integrate brand promotion with product and service
offerings, leveraging last-mile capabilities, integrated warehousing and distribution solutions, and superior customer experience as pillars, and achieve
business conversion while reaching potential users, driving synergistic growth between brand influence and market share.




                 Case: Brand Influence and Market Expansion Through Multi-Scenario Offline Marketing


      In Brazil, we systematically advanced brand building and business expansion through participation in multiple high-impact offline events.
      At the annual fashion shopping festival, we exchanged logistics support for brand exposure, reaching large consumer audiences through
      social media and on-site interactions. Mascot merchandise and service coupons were woven into the shopping experience, effectively
      driving new user conversion. At the national e-commerce summit, we established an independent exhibition booth, with the southern
      regional commercial team presenting last-mile delivery solutions to small and medium-sized e-commerce enterprises, further deepening
      strategic partnerships with regional leading e-commerce platforms and consolidating our position as a core partner in the e-commerce
      ecosystem. At the largest charity fashion sale event in Paraná state, we integrated brand activation, mascot interactions, influencer
      collaborations, and coupon distribution to present a diverse brand experience, organically combining brand promotion, ESG practices, and
      community relationship building to convey our commitment to social responsibility and sustainable development.




                                                              Offline marketing activities




148
    Environment: Green Logistics                     Social: Ingenious Service                         Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                          Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                     and People-Oriented Approach                  Governance and Strategic Leadership




                   Case: Brand Localization and Business Growth with Dual-Drive Model of Offline Events and Festive Marketing


     In the Philippines, we have built a dual-wheel drive model across the brand penetration and business
     growth dimensions, combining offline community promotion with festive digital marketing. In terms
     of offline activities, we systematically conduct community promotion activities across regional outlets,
     with focused coverage of newly opened outlets and existing outlets requiring enhanced exposure.
     Utilizing diverse formats including poster and banner displays, flyer distribution, photo zone
     interactions, and signature dance performances, these efforts attract surrounding residents and drove
     in-store inquiries and new customer conversion. In terms of online promotion, we launch festival-
     specific campaigns at major festivals and seasonal consumption peaks through digital platforms and
     e-commerce channels, effectively stimulating shipping demand growth and attracting bidirectional
     conversion of individual users and enterprise clients. Meanwhile, during peak seasons, we emphasize
     strengthening fulfillment quality and service stability, supporting continuous accumulation of brand
     reputation with superior customer experience.




                                                           Community & Online Promotion



Empowering Customer Growth
J&T Express collaborates with e-commerce platforms and brand merchants to continuously expand the global e-commerce network. Leveraging
comprehensive local network coverage and infrastructure in Southeast Asia and emerging markets, we provide quality last-mile delivery services for
cross-border e-commerce platforms, effectively solving end-consumer reach challenges and facilitating efficient connections between merchants and
consumers. Centered on diversified customer needs, the Company has built differentiated product and service systems.




                   Case: J&T Express Strengthens Cloud Warehouse Services to Build a Full-Chain Supply Chain Benchmark


     In Thailand, the J&T Express Cloud Warehouse has established deep partnerships with multiple renowned brands, providing one-stop
     warehousing and distribution solutions covering both online platforms and offline stores.

     In the cooperation with a beauty brand, the Cloud Warehouse custom-built a brand-exclusive facility for the client, achieving integrated
     inventory management. Through refined operations, the warehouse strictly controls product shelf life and batch management, executing
     first-in-first-out principles with 100% shelf-life management accuracy. During major promotional events such as Double Eleven, the Cloud
     Warehouse coordinates resource allocation in advance based on sales forecasts. During peak periods, order volume reaches 300% of daily
     levels, with all orders shipped within stipulated timeframes. Additionally, the Cloud Warehouse provides value-added services including
     full inbound inspection, product kitting, labeling and coding, and reverse returns processing, empowering the brand to continuously
     improve operational efficiency and service quality.

     In cooperation with a tissue brand, over 50% of its online orders in Thailand have been shipped through J&T Express Cloud Warehouse.
     In response to the fulfillment pressure during major e-commerce promotions, Cloud Warehouse has introduced automated equipment
     through targeted analysis of order structure: batch orders use an automatic labeling system, large parcels use semi-automatic stretch
     wrapping machines, and overall operational efficiency has increased by over 50%, effectively achieving cost reduction and efficiency
     improvement.

                                                                                                                                                149
                                                              About the Report                Overview of J&T Express                   Sustainability Management




Empowering Talent Development

J&T Express adheres to a people-oriented talent development philosophy to promote concurrent growth of the company and its employees through
responsible employment practices. The Company is committed to fostering a diversified working environment featuring openness, inclusiveness,
and equal opportunity, and establishing a comprehensive employee care system. It provides all-round support with its employees in such aspects
as professional development, health management and wellbeing to ensure every employee works with peace of mind and shares the corporate
development.



      Guaranteeing Employee Rights

Human Rights Protection
J&T Express takes internationally recognized standards as its guide, such as the United Nation’s Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the
International Labor Organization Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, and the Guiding Principles on Business and Human
Rights of the United Nations. It strictly complies with relevant laws and regulations in the countries and regions where it operates. At the corporate
level, J&T Express has formulated and issued a Human Rights Policy, which applies to all employees of its group headquarter, companies in various
counties, branches, and subsidiaries. It also encourages its suppliers, contractors, and partners to follow labor standards consistent with the policy. In
2025, J&T Express did not experience any large-scale strikes and layoffs, or any human rights compliance risk events.



                                                      Seven Core Principles of Human Rights Policy




                                                 Forced labor
                                                                                           Safe working
                                                and child labor
                                                                                           environment
                                                  prohibition

              Anti-                                                                                                                   Reasonable
       discrimination and                                                                                                          working hours and
       equal opportunity                   All forms of forced labor, debt         Safety and prevention of                          compensation
                                           bondage, contract labor, and human      accidents are put in the
                                           trafficking are strictly prohibited.    priority place so as to
                                           Codes on the minimum age for            systematically manage and
Discrimination is forbidden in all aspects                                                                              The right to rest and work-life balance
                                           employment are observed strictly.       control occupational health
of recruitment, promotion, remuneration                                                                                 can be guaranteed. Statutory pay
                                                                                   and safety risks.
and other processes. Equal pay for equal                                                                                leaves are provided as guaranteed, and
work and zero-tolerance for harassment                                                                                  remunerations are not lower than the
and bullying.                                                                                                           statutory minimum standards.

                                                                       Responsible
                                                                       employment
                                                                                                                     Freedom of
                            Training and                                                                             association
                            Development                                                                             and collective
                                                         In the event of major operational                           bargaining
                                                         changes, legal procedures are followed
                                                         for earlier consultation and notification,
                 Skills training and career              and communications in good faith.              Employees' rights to freedom of
                 development opportunities are                                                          association in accordance with
                 provided to support employees'                                                         the law, trade union membership
                 growth.                                                                                and collective bargaining are
                                                                                                        respected.




150
    Environment: Green Logistics                         Social: Ingenious Service                      Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                         and People-Oriented Approach               Governance and Strategic Leadership




   Human Right Guarantee Actions

J&T Express actively promotes the localized implementation of human rights policies worldwide. Companies in various countries have formulated
and implemented a series of practical and effective measures to protect labor rights and interests based on local laws, regulations, and actual
situations. In the whole processes from the digital upgrade of working hour management to the continuous improvement of employee communication
mechanisms and from regular audits of salary fairness to the expansion of social security coverage, the teams in various countries have, based upon
their local conditions, taken multiple measures to convert the Company's human rights commitments to measurable and executable concrete actions.



                                   Formulate an “Action Plan for the Implementation of Labor Rights”, covering systematic measures such as
     Indonesia                     digital management of working hours, labor-management consultation forums, “Jet Care” supplementary
                                   medical insurance and the “Use Your Vacation” policy.


                                   Introduce Business Intelligence technology for working hour data management, establish an “HR Listening”
      Thailand                     mechanism to promote employee communication, and implement a commission rate policy with no gender
                                   differences.



                                   Formulate a comprehensive “Employee Handbook”, implement mandatory induction training and company-
      Malaysia
                                   wide advocacy training to ensure the implementation of the system.




                                   Embed labor rights practices into human resource management and governance processes, regularly review pay
     Singapore
                                   equity, and track the spending of annual leaves.




                                   Advocate for a working environment based on respect, responsibility, and compliance, and emphasize the
       Mexico
                                   ethical, professional and responsible conduct.




   Employee Trade Union

J&T Express Trade Union has stated clearly to safeguard employees' rights and interests to satisfy employees’ needs. To this end, it has extended
the trade union organizations to grass-roots workers to truly deliver institutional rights and interests protection to every courier, thus providing a
demonstration path for platform economy enterprises in building harmonious labor relations. In 2025, J&T Express Trade Union officially achieved its
full coverage in all provinces and regions of China.

In the period from June to July 2025, J&T Express successively launched ceremonies for trade union establishment and membership in Hubei and
Shandong provinces in China, with more than 210 employees joining the trade union collectively. The ceremonies were attended by company leaders,
as well as leaders from local trade unions and Party and Mass Organizations. The resident team of All-China Federation of Trade Unions (ACFTU) for
J&T delivered on the spot a special accidental mutual aid insurance for workers in new forms of employment, and presented gift packs to the newly
enrolled employees, showing truly their care to each employee.




                 Founding Ceremony of Hubei Trade Union                                     Founding Ceremony of Shandong Trade Union

                                                                                                                                                   151
                                                              About the Report              Overview of J&T Express                Sustainability Management




                 Case: Pioneered the Whole-network Algorithm Negotiation Protocol to Safeguard Employee Rights and Interests
                 through Institutional Innovation


      On July 16, 2025, the (Whole Network) Platform Algorithm and Labor Rules Agreement of J&T
      Express in 2025 was officially signed in Shanghai, becoming the first nationwide algorithmic
      negotiation agreement in the express delivery industry in China. It covers more than 290,000
      workers across J&T Express's direct-operated and franchised outlets in various provinces and
      regions of the country. The agreement focuses on three core subjects, i.e., salary security, career
      development and algorithm transparency. For salary security, a mechanism to guarantee salary
      payment by franchisees has been established, and a direct delivery fee payment model is operated
      to ensure that individual delivery fees for couriers are no less than 25% of the average delivery
      income per order of the franchisee. For career development, a comprehensive training system and
      promotion channel has been built, with “Five-Star Courier” to be identified regularly to encourage
      couriers across the network to improve their professional capabilities. In 2025, J&T Express China
      offered 457,600 RMB to 2,288 “Five-Star Couriers” as incentives. For algorithm transparency, a
      democratic publicity system for platform algorithms and labor rules has been established. Opinions
      of couriers are fully solicited before rule adjustments, and channels for complaints are kept open.
      This agreement is legally binding on the platform, franchisees, and couriers alike, thus providing a
      replicable industry model for protecting the rights and interests of employees in new employment
      forms from the point of institutional perspective.




      In 2025,
      J&T Express China offered                             to



      457,600                          RMB                  2,288
                                                            as incentives
                                                                                    “Five-Star Couriers”


                                                                                                                      Platform Algorithm and Labor
                                                                                                                             Rules Agreement




Diversity, Equality, and Inclusiveness

J&T Express adheres to the core principles of fairness and justice and is positive in fostering a diversified, inclusive and equal workplace environment.
By prioritizing people-oriented values, it gathers cohesive development forces to propel steady and sustainable development of its business.




   Anti-discrimination and Anti-harassment

J&T Express is committed to building a respectful, equal, and inclusive workplace environment with zero-tolerance for such misconducts as
discrimination, bullying and harassment.

The Policy of Anti-Discrimination, Bullying, and Harassment was developed and carried out in the Company, covering the group headquarter and
companies in various countries, and aiming to establish a fair, safe, and inclusive working environment from the point of policy perspective. The
policy explicitly prohibits all discriminatory behaviors resulted from factors such as gender, race, age, nationality, region, and physical condition. It
also strictly prohibits various bullying behaviors such as verbal insults, physical assaults, psychological oppression, and cyberbullying, as well as all
forms of harassment, such as sexual harassment, speech harassment, and behavioral harassment. These measures safeguard effectively the dignity and
rights of individual employees and help to form a workplace culture of mutual respect and harmonious integration.


152
    Environment: Green Logistics                      Social: Ingenious Service                          Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                 Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                      and People-Oriented Approach                   Governance and Strategic Leadership




   Females Rights and Interests Protection

J&T Express observes relevant laws and regulations of the
countries and regions where it operates and invests. In China, trade
unions collaborate with the Human Resources and Administrative
Department to institutionalize and standardize protective measures
by annually signing the Special Collective Contract for the
Protection of Female Employees' Rights and Interests. On important
festivals such as Women's Day and Mother's Day, special lectures
on health management and medical knowledge dissemination
are arranged for female employees, and exclusive care gifts are
distributed to build positively an inclusive and warm working
environment. Besides, the Company has established a dedicated
mother and baby rooms for breastfeeding female employees, where
refrigerators, disinfection cabinets, and other special facilities
are provided to ensure the privacy, health and security of the
breastfeeding employees, as well as the full respect and protection
of their legitimate rights and interests.



Besides, companies in various countries have carried out a series of special activities in multiple dimensions, such as rights protection, health care,
career development, and diversity and inclusiveness, based upon the local laws, regulations, and cultural backgrounds.

In terms of rights protection, companies in various countries align with local policies to provide various legal leaves, such as the maternity leave
and the breastfeeding leave, ensuring the legitimate rights and interests of female employees. In terms of health care initiatives, J&T Express places
strong emphasis on physical and mental health of female employees, implementing a range of tailored care measures. The Company launched breast
cancer prevention and control awareness campaigns in national companies in Brazil, the Philippines, and other countries to enhance employee health
awareness. Mental health seminars are also held to help employees manage stress and maintain psychological well-being. In the meantime, the
Company also safeguarded the work rights and living needs of the breastfeeding employees by improving the supporting facilities such as mother
and baby rooms, demonstrating the Company's care and concern for female employees through practical actions. For career development and cultural
construction, the companies in the Philippines, Vietnam, Mexico, and other countries actively put gender equality into practice. International Women's
Day events are held to cultivate a corporate culture of respect for women, providing a stage for female employees to show their talents and enhance
their influence, while promoting integration and communication among employees of different backgrounds.



                   Case: Lighting up the Colors of Life – the “Pink October Breast Cancer Prevention and Awareness Campaign”
                   in Brazil


      In October 2025, we initiated the “Pink October Breast Cancer Prevention and Awareness Campaign” in Brazil. With pink ribbon as
      spiritual icon, the campaign aimed to popularize among women and the whole society the importance of prevention, early diagnosis
      and self-care, and recommended strongly self-examination and professional screening of the disease to increase the opportunity of its
      identification and cure. In the meantime, the headquarter and regional offices in Brazil worked interactively to light up their exterior walls
      of buildings with pink lights, signaling the society to care about women's health and calling on more people to focus on the importance of
      female health issues.




                                   The “Pink October Breast Cancer Prevention and Awareness Campaign” in Brazil



                                                                                                                                                       153
                                                            About the Report              Overview of J&T Express             Sustainability Management




                 Case: Care for “Her” Power – Practices of Health Care for Female Employees in Malaysia


      In Malaysia, we focused on the unique health needs of female employees. We carried out activities with our partners to provide free
      menstrual hygiene products for female employees, which not only alleviated their financial burden but also conveyed our care and respect
      for their physical health. In the meantime, we have made available dedicated breastfeeding rooms to provide private and comfortable
      spaces for employees in lactation period, helping them balance their work and family responsibilities more easily and achieve both career
      development and childcare needs.




   Equal Employment Opportunity


J&T Express adheres actively to the concept of diversity and inclusivity in its employment practices. The Company has always stressed on the
recruitment and placement of veterans. As of the end of the reporting period, a total of 371 veterans from various countries and regions have been
recruited and provided with suitable positions in various fields such as technology, operations, and management. In the meantime, the Company
has continued to expand employment opportunities for the disabled and hired 216 disabled employees. The Company worked to promote their
professional integration and development via reasonable job assignment and necessary job support and training.




371          veterans have been recruited                                      216          disabled employees have been hired




Open Communication Channels
J&T Express places great importance on the voices of its employees, and is committed to building an employee communication and rights protection
system that is smooth, transparent, and genuinely caring. Through diversified communication channels and a comprehensive complaint and reporting
mechanism, we ensure that all employees' opinions are heard, their demands are responded to, and their rights are duly protected. It promotes the
development of an open, inclusive, fair, and just workplace culture through institutional construction.




   Employee Communications




                   Online interactive platform                                                Trade union and daily consultation


  The Company has established an anonymous interactive platform                The Company has set up a dedicated E-mail for communications for
  called J&T Tieba, where employees can freely express their                   the Trade Union (gonghui@jtexpress.com) to handle formal opinions
  suggestions, share their views, and raise questions. Relevant                and appeals from employees. The role for employee relationship
  departments will respond in real-time and follow up on the issues            provides daily policy interpretation and Q&A services through instant
  to foster an open and inclusive atmosphere for communications                messaging tools such as Feishu, forming a dual-track guarantee of
  and trigger employees' initiative to participate in organizational           "formal channels + instant communication" to ensure timely response
  construction.                                                                to employee concerns.



154
     Environment: Green Logistics                      Social: Ingenious Service                                        Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Appendix
      and Energy Transformation                      and People-Oriented Approach                                 Governance and Strategic Leadership




    Grievance and Whistleblowing


The Company has established a multi-tiered grievance system that encompasses immediate
supervisors, relevant human resources departments, and an independent “Rabbit Sheriff” monitoring
channel. Employees may independently choose various feedback channels, including oral, written,                                   Listening to Every Voice, Building a
E-mail, and telephone, based on the nature of the issue, whether it be in real-name or anonymous.                                      Better Workplace Together
The Company commits to investigate timely, confidentially and impartially all reports received and                             We value the thoughts and feelings of every employee. We welcome everyone to
                                                                                                                               proactively share opinions, suggestions, or concerns via email, so that together

feed back to the parties involved on completion of its investigation, including the facts identified,                              we can create a fairer, healthier, and more efficient work environment.


the results of processing and basis for processing. For any violations identified and confirmed
through investigation, the Company will take corresponding corrective and punitive measures in
accordance with relevant regulations. In the meantime, the Company strictly protects the rights and
interests of whistleblowers and prohibits all forms of retaliation to ensure employees raise their
issues without worrying about any potential troubles, and fosters an open, transparent and upright
working environment.



                                                                                                                                  Protect yourself and your colleagues                       Achieve fairness and justice
                                                                                                                              Prevent small issues from escalating into major        Ensure that issues are handled in an objective
                                                                                                                                                   risks                                        and transparent manner

                                E-mail for “Rabbit Sheriff” supervision and reporting                                                  Create a safe environment                                 Drive positive change
                                                                                                                                A single report can stop misconduct from              Your courage will help build a healthy work
                                                                                                                                            happening again                                             culture
                                                 abjc@jtexpress.com
                                                                                                                                                                         Identity safety
                                                                                                                                            The reporting system will strictly protect the confidential information of
                                                                                                                                                                         whistleblowers




Employee Satisfaction
In December 2025, J&T Express conducted its first organizational vitality survey at the group level, focusing on five dimensions, i.e., strategic
objectives, organizational structure, process mechanism, cultural atmosphere and talent development. The survey aimed to comprehensively
understand employees' true feelings about their work environment and provide data support for enhancing organizational vitality and employee
satisfaction. The survey covered a total of 1,745 employees from the Group and the China headquarters, with 1,534 questionnaires collected. The final
score for organizational vitality reached 88.4, indicating clearly that the overall organizational vitality of the group is high.

In January 2026, based on the results of the above survey, the Group communicated deeply with its senior executives, departmental directors, and
other managers, providing support for the Company in organizational structuring, process mechanism and talent cultivation.




The survey covered a total of



1,745                   employees from the
Group and the China headquarters
                                                                 J&T Express Organizational
                                                                 Vitality Research Report


                                                                       Human Resources and Administration Department
The final score for organizational vitality
reached



88.4                                                                                               Organizational vitality survey


                                                                                                                                                                                                                             155
                                                              About the Report              Overview of J&T Express               Sustainability Management




      Talents Team Construction

Talent management system

J&T Express is committed to building an efficient HR support system that is “driven by the group, interactive across countries and integrated
globally”. Focusing on five core areas including organizational governance and culture, external talent supply, internal talent pool, compensation
and performance, and long-term incentives, the Company systematically promotes talent team building with key indicators such as global human
efficiency, employment compliance, recruitment achievement rate, and talent reserve rate. The Company complies with the labor laws and regulations
of the countries and regions where it operates and invests, always adhering to the principles of fairness, justice, and openness in recruitment. By taking
measures such as establishing standardized recruitment processes and interviewer training and certification, the Company ensures the standardization
and transparency of its recruitment process.

In 2025, the Group released two core regulations, the Group Procedure for Internal Referral and the Procedure for Employee Transfer Management.
Through system guidance and process optimization, it worked to further expand the internal channels for talent mobility, improve the efficiency of
internal talent referral, and enhance employees' experience. Additionally, the group continuously intensified the development of its HR Information
System (HRIS) and core processes, while empowering the growth of the HR team itself. This paved a good way for the corporate HR management,
providing robust talent assurance and organizational support for the global expansion of its business.



                                                      Online Recruitment Process of the Group




                     The entire process runs online, with key nodes                                         Job
                                                                                                           Posting
                     leaving traces in the system, evaluation data being
                     automatically collected, and cascaded control
                                                                                   All jobs for recruitment are generally posted on the
                     for approval authority to ensure the recruitment
      Highlights                                                                   Feishu Recruitment Platform, and simultaneously
                     process is fair, transparent, and traceable.
                                                                                   shown on the official corporate recruitment web
                                                                                   site and the official corporate website for internal
                                                                                   referral. Candidates may submit their application
                                                                                   directly.


                                                                                   The resumes in the system, are screened out
                     Interviewers submit their assessment forms                    collaboratively by recruiters and business
                     through the system for automatic consolidation                interviewers. The system supports online
                     and comprehensive rating to avoid information                 evaluation and note feedback, and all               Resume screening
                     omission or tampering.                                        operations are traceable.




                                          Interview
                                         scheduling



                     The background investigation is initiated through the system for interfacing with third-party background investigation
                     services. The background investigation report is filed directly in the candidate's file to ensure the information is
    Background
    investigation    complete and accessible.




                                                                                                                                      Offer approval and
                                                                                                                                           issuance
                     The entire process for offer approval is completed online. Key information such as salary, job rank, and
                     reporting relationship is solidified in the system. Electronic offers may be issued through one click and
                     confirmed on-line by candidates. The process nodes can be traced in real-time.

156
    Environment: Green Logistics                     Social: Ingenious Service                         Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                               Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                     and People-Oriented Approach                  Governance and Strategic Leadership




Introduction of Talents
In 2025, J&T Express built a diversified talent introduction system in multiple global markets. Leveraging various channels such as campus
recruitment, internal referrals, government-enterprise partnerships, and school-industry collaboration, combined with an online and digital recruitment
management system, the Company continuously broadened its talent pool. These efforts have solidified the talent foundation essential for its global
development.



   Campus Recruitment and Employer Brand


         In September 2025, J&T Express was successfully selected as one of                              China's Most Outstanding
         the “China's Most Outstanding Digital Employers in 2025” due to its                                Digital Employers
         outstanding performance in digital talent management, smart logistics
         technology application, and excellent employer brand building, and
         has become a high-profile winner in the logistics industry.


                                                                                                                   J&T Express




In 2025, J&T Express intensified its efforts for campus recruitment in China and has established a dual-channel collaborative system of online career
talks and offline campus presentations that covers key universities across the country. A standardized full-process management mechanism was put in
place to enable refined management over critical stages, such as resume screening, interview follow-up, and offer acceptance and contract conclusion,
which has improved the conversion efficiency of contract conclusion. By the end of the campus recruitment in the fall of 2025, the Group had received
a total of over 40,000 resumes, completed conclusion of 246 tripartite employment agreements, hitting a signing rate exceeding 86%, an increase of
approximately 300% compared with the same period in previous years.




                                                                 Campus Recruitment

                                                                                                                                                  157
                                                            About the Report              Overview of J&T Express               Sustainability Management




Besides, J&T Express has actively carried out campus recruitment activities in many countries to promote career opportunities in universities, build a
communication bridge between enterprises and young talents, and continuously enhance its employer brand influence.




   In Hong
  Kong, China           The Group’s recruitment team held successfully a global campus recruitment presentation at the University of
                        Hong Kong in November 2025. It conducted in-depth exchanges with more than 120 outstanding students from
                        different countries and academic backgrounds, introducing comprehensively J&T Express’s global development
                        platform, future opportunities and training programs. It represents the Company's continued efforts to attract global
                        young talents and further enhance its employer brand appeal among top international universities.




                                                       Campus Recruitment in the University of Hong Kong




  In Indonesia
                        Our recruitment team participated in the campus recruitments organized by the local universities in November
                        2025. We had face-to-face exchanges with students from different academic backgrounds and actively introduced
                        the company’s career opportunities and development paths. The activity further enhanced J&T Express’s employer
                        brand influence among the local universities.




                                                                 Campus Recruitment in Indonesia




   In Malaysia          We promoted campus recruitment and employment
                        promotion programs, focusing on new graduates and
                        young talents in fields such as operations, human
                        resources, and logistics. In 2025, we visited successively
                        many well-known universities and continuously delivered
                        high-quality young talents for the company’s business
                        growth and long-term talent development through
                        diversified talent training including on-site recruitment,
                        resume screening, and internship conversion to full-time
                                                                                               Campus Recruitment in Malaysia
                        employment etc.



158
    Environment: Green Logistics                         Social: Ingenious Service                          Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                         Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                         and People-Oriented Approach                   Governance and Strategic Leadership




   In Thailand
                            We launched a series of promotional and interactive activities targeting national universities. By setting up
                            recruitment booths and campus open days at various universities, we have provided new graduates with diversified
                            career paths and employment opportunities. Meanwhile, we also established a special scholarship support program
                            to provide financial assistance to outstanding students, and offered a priority employment channel for award-
                            winning students, helping them smoothly join the J&T Express family after graduation and shift seamlessly from
                            campus to workplace.

                            Besides, we also hosted the visits and study tours of the teachers and students from local universities in Thailand.
                            During the seminars, both the teachers and students gained an in-depth understanding into J&T Express’s
                            operational achievements in logistics infrastructure construction, transportation network management, and real-
                            time package tracking technology, which has effectively promoted the dissemination of logistics knowledge.




                                                                         Promotions in Thai universities




    Local Recruitment

In 2025, we cooperated deeply with Barueri municipal government in the State of São Paulo,
Brazil, and jointly held large-scale recruitment activities on multiple occasions throughout the
year. From March to April, both sides cooperated for the first time in providing 290 jobs at
distribution centers and professional skills training for successful candidates. In October, we                 Promoting more than



                                                                                                                350
jointly held another special employment event, offering 659 jobs in various fields. In December,
we continued to offer 300 jobs. Besides, we also held a special recruitment event for the disabled
                                                                                                                                   jobs covering logistics,
together with the Osasco municipal government, helping to create employment opportunities
for the disabled group. Furthermore, in May 2025, we participated in the 7th China-funded                       technology, marketing, administration and
Enterprises Job Fair in Brazil held at a local university, promoting more than 350 jobs covering                other fields
logistics, technology, marketing, administration and other fields, and attracting outstanding local
talents to join us.


                                                                                                                                                              159
                                                              About the Report             Overview of J&T Express               Sustainability Management




                  Case: Cultivating New Logistic Forces Through University- Enterprise Collaboration


      Starting in 2024, we launched a strategic talent cooperation program with local Saudi logistics institutions, systematically nurturing Saudi
      logistics talent through a “targeted recruitment + joint training” model. Centered on school-enterprise collaboration and pre-employment
      internships, the program allows participants to practice in companies during their study so as to adapt themselves early to J&T Express
      management systems and cultural atmosphere and achieve a seamless transition from campus to their workplaces. The first batch trainees
      in 2024 joined the company officially in 2025 and have since been working in key departments such as the Procurement and HR. Their
      professional performance and cross-cultural collaboration skills were unanimously recognized by their respective departments. A new
      batch of trainees in 2025 is now at the final stage of their training and will begin their internships in the company in January 2026. This
      program will continue to be advanced to intensify the local talent reserves, support J&T Express's long-term and stable development in the
      Middle East market and provide sustainable new momentum for China-Saudi economic and trade cooperation and talent exchange.




   Internal Recommendation

The headquarters of J&T Express Group and companies in various countries are active in promoting an employee referral program, encouraging
current employees to participate in talent referrals. Meanwhile, the Company has opened internal promotion channels, prioritizing the identification
and development of internal potential talents. This not only stabilizes the talent supply and ensures candidate quality but also provides clear and
promising paths for employees' career development.




      In 2025, in response to the urgent demand for                                           The employee referral program was officially
      talent driven by the company's rapid business                                           launched in August 2025. Since its onset, the
      development and to further trigger the enthusiasm                                       number of employee referrals has maintained a
      of internal employees in talent recruitment, J&T                                        steady increasing trend, indicating employees' high
      Express devised and implemented a special “Year-                                        recognition of the company and their willingness
      End Referral Carnival” program across the Group.                                        to actively refer talents. This program has achieved
      The program aimed at systematically improving the                                       dual optimization of recruitment costs and talent
      quality of referral recruitment through full employee                                   quality.
      participation, multi-channel incentives, and online-
      offline collaboration.


                   Group Headquarters                                                                                Indonesia




                                                                        Singapore


      In 2025, we continued our efforts to optimize the internal talent recruitment and development mechanism. Through structured internal job
      posting, cross-departmental rotation, and promotion assessment, all vacant positions in the company were open to the existing employees to
      support their horizontal and vertical career development. Meanwhile, potential talents in the company were identified through performance
      assessment and included in the talent pool, supported by internal training and on-the-job practice to ensure they are fit and ready for their
      positions in skills, which has effectively enhanced employee retention and the corporate internal mobility.




160
        Environment: Green Logistics                            Social: Ingenious Service                               Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                      Appendix
         and Energy Transformation                            and People-Oriented Approach                        Governance and Strategic Leadership




        Talent Development Training

J&T Express has always regarded talent as the core engine driving global development and established a talent development and training system that
covers all levels and the entire lifecycle. The Company attracts global talent through diverse channels. Leveraging tiered training programs, we build a
full development pathway from talent acquisition and pipeline cultivation to global deployment. These measures ensure a steady supply of talent and
intellectual support for the company's global expansion.

In 2025, J&T Express updated its Group Employee Promotion Management System to establish a dual-channel promotion system for management
and professional sequences as the operation procedure to be followed. Currently, based on our pilot implementation experience in China, the Company
is initiating a system iteration grounded in the job grade framework. This effort aims to further clarify the nomination criteria, operational procedures,
and review organization for the three promotion channels: managerial, professional, and wartime1. Key focuses include standardizing review cycles,
defining clear process guidelines, aligning evaluation standards, and introducing flexibility for special promotion channels.


Employee Training

J&T Express continues to build a multi-tiered, comprehensive talent development system. By focusing on three dimensions, i.e., professional skills,
general competencies, and management abilities, it provides precisely tailored training support for different groups, including headquarters employees,
operational regions, franchisees, and frontline couriers. This comprehensive approach will empowers the corporate organizational capability
enhancement and employee career development.

In 2025, the Group's Talent Development Center systematically promoted the construction of a multi-level talent cultivation system by focusing on
four strategic orientations, including channel construction, talents supply, overseas operation improvement and foundation consolidation. Through
implementation of key projects such as new employee training, J&T Star - Accelerated Growth for Management Trainees, Reserve Regional General
Manager (RGM) Launch Plan, Non-Chinese Country Management Forging Camp, and Transnational Study Tour etc., the Center has opened up a full-
chain cultivation path from talent introduction to talent team reserve, to continuously supply high-potential talents to operations in various countries
and empower in-depth promotion of the corporate globalization strategy.

The Group has developed “Sands Talk”, a digital training and knowledge management platform designed for employees worldwide. It consolidates
unified training systems and learning resources, making them accessible to every employee and partner. This enables teams across different countries
to quickly access cutting-edge training content, supporting the localization and innovation of business operations at the local level. Compared to 2024,
the platform saw a 60% increase in total course offerings in 2025, while total training hours increased by 2.8 times.




       New Employee Training

For the new social recruits in the Group, various training modes such as online learning, offline intensive training, and business practical operations
are provided to help them quickly understand the company and integrate into the team. In 2025, the Company continued to iterate and upgrade its
training courses to intensify the perspective of collectivization and globalization, while optimizing the teaching design with students as the center
to improve steadily the training satisfaction. For the new recruits from companies in various countries, the Company has established a dual-track
training mechanism that combines general training and personalized integration to help them quickly adapt to the overseas work environment. The
personalized training is undertaken by the corresponding department, whereby internal departmental job rotations and customized integration study
plans are carried out. For inductions in the corresponding country, the Company in such corresponding country is responsible for continuously
following up on the new employees' learning and integration.




1
    Wartime: Refers to a special promotion channel that breaks the conventional promotion timeline. It applies to employees who play a decisive role during periods of strategic
    development, key business expansion, business transformation, or rapid growth, as well as in major projects or technical breakthroughs.



                                                                                                                                                                          161
                                                               About the Report              Overview of J&T Express             Sustainability Management




   J&T Star – the Stellar Management Trainee Program

To accelerate the construction of a core talent team in non-Chinese countries, the Company officially launched the “J&T Star - the Stellar Management
Trainee Program” in 2025. The program is aimed to provide high-quality talent supply for markets in non-Chinese countries, inherit the J&T Express
culture, and reserve talents for key positions to achieve its global development strategy in the coming 5 to 10 years.



The project identified a group of high-potential talents to promote
their sustainable growth in a 2-year cultivation cycle by using an
approach combining senior management mentoring, job rotation
and systematic training. In terms of the overall training path, the
project covers the entire process of trainee identification, training
operations, assessment and training conclusion. The training helps
trainees start from frontline business practice, go through key
stages such as functional job rotation, transnational experience,
and problem addressing, and gradually grow into functional
leaders in various countries to supply the core talents for J&T
Express's globalization strategy continuously.
                                                                                       J&T Star –The Stellar Management Trainee Program




   International Talent Reserve Program

To accelerate the talent pooling and deployment of regional general managers (RGM) in various countries, the Company identified in 2025, through
meticulous screening, a group of trainees with extensive experience in the express delivery industry for training. These trainees were trained by
a senior management team for guidance and coaching assigned for the purpose with the training path consisting of theoretical input, practical job
rotation, benchmark-sharing and 2-way selection. The entire training cycle lasted for six months, during which trainees simulated RGM practical
scenarios in various countries and were assessed monthly to verify the feasibility of the internal talent supply chain. Currently, the trainees have
completed in a row their training and enhancement and were ready to be deployed to the business in various countries.



   Managers' Forging Camp in Various Countries

To accelerate the implementation of its globalization strategy, the Company launched a training program for non-Chinese country managers returning
to China in 2025. The program aimed to help managers in various countries systematically study the proven operational models and management
practices of China's express delivery industry, enhance their management capabilities, and facilitate the development of a global talent pipeline
through observation and assessment during the training process. The program has organized four rounds of training, covering key operational
sequences such as sorting centers, planning, transportation capacity, customer service, and quality control, and has successfully trained a total of over
80 management talents.




Successfully trained a total of over



80         management talents




                                                                                  Managers' Forging Camp in Various Countries

162
    Environment: Green Logistics                      Social: Ingenious Service                        Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                               Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                      and People-Oriented Approach                 Governance and Strategic Leadership




                   Case: Promoting Study Through Assessment to Comprehensively Improve the Standardization of Frontline
                   Operations.

      To understand the knowledge level and operating proficiency of
      the employees in various outlets and standardize daily operational
      processes, the Company launched a five-month nationwide certification
      program for outlet employees in Indonesia from May to October
      2025. The program covered three roles, i.e., regional managers, outlet
      supervisors and warehouse managers, with a total of 8,074 trainees
      attending the assessment for certification. The two rounds of training
      achieved a coverage rate of 97%. The program pushed forward the
      overall upgrading of outlet operational capabilities in a down-to-earth
      manner.                                                                              Outlet Staff Certification Program in Indonesia




    Employee Compensation and Welfare
The Company has established a comprehensive compensation and welfare system centered on compliance, competitiveness, and employee care, to
systematically enhance organizational cohesion and employee satisfaction.


Performance Management
J&T Express has built a performance management system based on the Plan-Do-Check-Act cycle, covering goal setting, execution, evaluation,
communication, and result application. Through this end-to-end approach, the Company effectively cascades and delivers on its strategic objectives,
gives employees a clear sense of direction, and drives growth for both the organization and its employees.

In 2025, J&T Express enhanced employee performance awareness and managers’ performance management capabilities by optimizing assessment
cycles and organizing performance training sessions on an ad hoc basis. These efforts supported the achievement of the group’s business results.


                                                        Performance Management System

                                           A quarterly cycle of goal setting combines a top-down and bottom-up approach. From the company to
     Setting performance                   departments and then to individual employees, the performance goals that conform to the SMART policy
             goals                         are progressively broken down and formulated. This promotes alignment of goals across organizations and
                                           positions, while providing clear direction for employees' efforts.


                           Performance                Employees and their immediate supervisors are required to dynamically monitor and adjust the
                          implementation              goals to adapt to the actual business changes and drive the achievement of performance results.



                                                      To be result-oriented and based upon the transparent, impartial assessment criteria, employees'
                                                      performance results shall be assessed fairly.
                           Performance
                            assessment                Employees’ work order for performance serves as the basis for performance assessment, while
                                                      reference is made to their completion of the work and their conducts in achieving the goals.



                                           Communicate with employees on their performance to help them understand clearly the departmental
                                           director's views on their performance. They shall jointly analyze the reasons, and fix performance goals and
        Performance                        the areas for improvement for the next performance management cycle, so as to continuously improve their
     communication and                     performance and skills subsequently.
     application of results                Should an employee have objections to his/her results of performance, he/she may file an appeal in
                                           accordance with the prescribed procedures. The HR Department and senior executives shall handle properly
                                           the employee's appeal.
                                                                                                                                                  163
                                                            About the Report              Overview of J&T Express             Sustainability Management




Payroll System

J&T Express strictly observes relevant laws and regulations on remuneration in the countries and regions where it operates and invests. It provides
basic salaries no lower than the statutory standards and compliant overtime pays. The salary setting, and adjustment mechanism comprehensively
considers such factors as job value, performance, and market levels to ensure internal equity and external competitiveness. Based upon its guarantee
for basic salary, the Company also offers short-term incentives including performance bonuses and project commission bonuses closely linked to KPIs
and implements equity incentive plans for core talents. For salary management of its senior executives, the Company adopts a composite structure
of “fixed salary + performance bonus + long-term equity incentive”, which is independently supervised by the Remuneration Committee of BOD to
ensure procedural fairness and transparency.



Employee Welfare and Care


   Basic Benefits Guarantee

J&T Express strictly complies with relevant laws and regulations of the countries and regions where it operates and invests. The Company
continuously improves its benefit system to enhance employees' sense of belonging and happiness in the following aspects:



                        The Company strictly implements statutory holidays such as maternity leave, parental leave, and breastfeeding leave.
      Leaves




                        The Company provides annual free physical check-ups for all employees and takes out supplementary commercial insurance
      Health
                        such as group accident insurance and travel insurance for business trips.



                        The Company provides cash gifts or presents on important occasions such as traditional festivals, birthdays, and weddings.
    Livelihood
                        Support is rendered for employees who apply for public rental housing and talent apartments.


                        The Company advocates the concept of “work-life balance”, provides departmental team-building funds every month and
      Culture           regularly holds sports events, employee clubs, anniversary celebrations and other activities to continuously enhance team
                        cohesion of the company.




                             Provide catering vouchers and savings funds for employees.
    Mexico
                             Provide extended parental leaves.




          Regularly organize various holiday employee care activities.
                                                                                                                                        Thailand
          Each department provides regularly internal team-building dinners to enhance corporate cohesion.




                             Provide work-from-home arrangements for employees loaded with care.
  Singapore                  Continue to carry out interactive measures such as holiday greetings, gift-giving, and team-building activities to
                             create an inclusive and supportive workplace culture.



164
    Environment: Green Logistics                         Social: Ingenious Service                             Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                         Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                         and People-Oriented Approach                      Governance and Strategic Leadership




            Provide team-building reimbursement and medical reimbursement for employees.

            Organize employee interaction activities such as New Year celebrations, anniversary celebrations, and annual
            meetings. Establish Employee Engagement Day, providing discounted catering, free health check-ups, health                            Malaysia
            lectures, and cooperative gifts.

            Host national badminton competitions and provide free badminton/pickle ball courts; Install coffee machines
            in the office area to offer free drinks such as coffee, chocolate, and milk.




   Employee Care

J&T Express attaches great importance to the physical and mental health of its employees and team cohesion. Companies in various countries adapt
to local conditions, fully integrate local cultural characteristics, and continuously plans and conducts a rich variety of employee care activities around
multiple dimensions such as holiday celebrations, team building, sports, and employee health. It integrates care into every detail of daily work, focuses
on creating a warm, inclusive, and positive workplace atmosphere, so that every employee can truly feel the warmth and vitality of the Company.



Festival Activities
In 2025, companies in various countries organized a diverse range of celebration activities on important festivals. These events not only spread festive
warmth but also promoted the integration of diverse cultures and the emotional bonds among employees.




   Brazil                                                                             Thailand

   We organized special care activities during                                        We regularly hold celebrations incorporating elements of both
   important festivals. During the Easter, "Treasure                                  Chinese and Thai culture for important festivals such as the
   Hunter" coupons are distributed across the                                         Spring Festival, Halloween, Christmas, New Year, and the
   company to bring more fun to the festival.                                         Company's anniversary etc. Activities include lottery draws, fun
                                                                                      games, costume contests, and red envelope distribution etc. with
                                                                                      food and drinks served for all employees. Besides, employee
                                                                                      birthday parties are held monthly, featuring birthday cakes and
                                                                                      personal birthday wishes from the management to foster a warm
                                                                                      “family-like” atmosphere in the company.
   Indonesia

   During the Christmas season at the end of the
   year, the Human Resource and Administration
   Department organized a departmental dinner and
   Christmas gift exchange activities. The cross-
   functional interaction promoted inter-departmental
   collaborations and enhanced employees' sense of
   organizational identity and belonging.




                                                                                       Festival Celebrations in
       Christmas holiday celebrations in Indonesia
                                                                                              Thailand




                                                                                                                                                            165
                                                              About the Report              Overview of J&T Express               Sustainability Management




Team Building Activities
J&T Express’s companies in various countries regularly organize team-building activities, which have enhanced team solidarity through outdoor
experiences and interactive collaborations.



      Indonesia


      In 2025, the Human Resource Department organized an
      annual team-building event in Bandung, which was carried out
      by focusing on enhancing teamwork and cohesion. The event
      included interactive team games and outdoor experiences such
      as rafting, which further strengthened the team’s solidarity and
      organizational identity.
                                                                                       Team building activity in Bandung, Indonesia




Sports and Health Promotion

J&T Express has always put the physical and mental health of employees in the priority place. It aims to foster a positive atmosphere that encourages
employees' full participation in sports activities by organizing sports events, establishing diversified sports interest clubs, and providing professional
fitness equipment and facilities.

In 2025, J&T Express successfully hosted its 4th J&T Express Sports Games in Shanghai, China, bringing together participants from companies in
various countries The three-day event attracted over 4,000 participants from 13 countries, involving more than 50 competing teams and over 100
exciting competitions. The Company conducted a diverse range of sport events, including football, basketball, badminton, table tennis, mini-marathon,
and fun relay races. Competitors of various ethnic backgrounds, nationalities, ages, and positions tried their best showed their high passion and
perseverance, and promoted friendship on the field, which showcased fully the mental outlook of teamwork and positive energy in the J&T Express
family.




      “In my opinion, sports events may improve my physical fitness, and only in good
      condition can I work better. Sports also promote teamwork with my workfellows
      and provide more value in our work.”


                                                         — said an employee from China




                                                             “Here, we met athletes from different countries and positions. Their perseverance
                                                             on the field inspired me and gave me the power to be positive in my life. Besides,
                                                             we have learned to take responsibility, accountability and teamwork.”


                                                                                                               — said an employee from Indonesia




      “Participating in this football tournament has gave new insights, making me realize
      sports were an integral part of life. Sports made me more focused, and also helped
      me gain a good understanding of teamwork.”

                                                      — said an employee from Indonesia


166
Environment: Green Logistics                       Social: Ingenious Service                        Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                              Appendix
 and Energy Transformation                       and People-Oriented Approach                 Governance and Strategic Leadership




                                                                                                 Singapore Team




Mini Marathon




  Mexico


  We actively promoted sports and team integration in Mexico by
  regularly organizing events such as football and basketball games
  to foster cross-departmental communication and collaboration.
  Employees enhanced their interactions in a relaxed and energetic
  atmosphere. These activities not only advocate positive and
  healthy lifestyles, effectively alleviating employee’s stress, but also
  improved the teamwork in practice, thus creating a more united
  and vibrant work environment.

                                                                                                                        Sports Events in Mexico




               Case: J&T Express Promoting Health Awareness to Become More Powerful Through Sports Events


 In 2025, we systematically advanced the employee fitness program in the Philippines and focused on two key themes: employee health
 and sports competitions. For health promotion, we launched a series of employee health programs, including Muay, yoga and super-
 weight-loss challenges. These programs encouraged employees to live in healthy lifestyles through sports and self-discipline, thus
 providing comprehensive support for their physical
 and mental health. For sports competitions, we
 organized a series of basketball tournaments and
 selected top players to form a “Red Ready Shoot”
 team. The team pooled outstanding athletes from
 various regions of the Philippines, representing
 us in the competition. Finally, the basketball team
 successfully won the championship in 4th J&T
 Express Sports Games.




                                                                                Men's Basketball Team in the Philippines


                                                                                                                                                  167
                                                                         About the Report                  Overview of J&T Express                      Sustainability Management




Guarding Health and Safety
J&T Express has always regarded safety as the lifeline of its corporate development. The Company strictly complies with the safety management laws
and regulations of all countries and regions where the Company operates and invests and has established a core management policy to put safety and
accident prevention in the priority place while being people oriented.


         Safety Management Structure
J&T Express has established a three-tier safety management organizational structure with the Work Safety Committees at both the group level and
within national companies as the core. The Group's Work Safety Committee is led by the CEO as the director and the deputy CEO as the deputy
director, with members comprising directors of 11 functional departments including safety management, audit and supervision, human resources
and administration, finance, and central management to form a horizontally synergetic and vertically integrated safety management network. The
companies in various countries have their own Work Safety Committees by referring to the organizational structure in the group to ensure standardized
and effective implementation of the safety management system across the world.

Taking J&T Express China as an example, the office of director of the Work Safety Committee in China is taken by the Chinese CEO, who is
primarily responsible for formulating safety strategies, establishing safety objectives and policies, implementing safety accountability systems, and
overseeing the response to major emergencies. Various functional departments assume specialized responsibilities based upon a "Five Simultaneities"
principle, including the formulation of safety regulations, staff education and training, facility construction, and supervision and inspection.

At the agency area level, the general manager is generally responsible for regional safety, including implementing headquarters requirements,
establishing regional regulations, and conducting emergency management. At the sorting center level, a dual-position management system of
"responsible person + dedicated safety personnel" is implemented, with at least two dedicated safety personnel assigned to first-tier centers and at
least one to second and third-tier centers. These personnel are responsible for fire inspections, on-site walk-around inspections, and the handling of
prohibited items. At the cloud warehouse level, cloud warehouse safety personnel oversee the safety management of storage operations, focusing on
key aspects such as goods storage, loading and unloading operations, and standardized management for goods warehousing and issuance etc. At the
fleet level, the fleet safety personnel are responsible for driving safety, routine vehicle inspections, and the standardized management of drivers to
ensure compliance and safety throughout the transportation process. At the franchise level, the manager of the franchise company is fully responsible
for workplace safety within their premises and must assign dedicated or part-time safety personnel in accordance with industrial standards. These
personnel are responsible for daily safety inspections, employee training, and the development of emergency response plans. As the frontline of safety
management, couriers are responsible for unpacking inspections, identity verification, and standardized operations.




                                                                       Safety Management Structure


                                                                                      Group

                                                                                                                                                National Security
                                                                                                                                                Management Team




                                          The Philippines                                                                       Saudi Arabia
  Indonesia     Malaysia     Vietnam                        Thailand      Singapore     Cambodia                                                                            Mexico
                                                                                                   China          UAE                          Egypt         Brazil




                                                                 Safety Directors in Various Operation Regions




       Safety Management               Safety Management                      Safety Management
                                                                                                                Safety Management                      Safety Management
       Personnel for Cloud             Personnel for Sorting               Personnel for Distribution
                                                                                                                Personnel for Outlet                   Personnel for Fleet
           Warehouse                          Center                                 Center

168
    Environment: Green Logistics                          Social: Ingenious Service                         Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                     Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                          and People-Oriented Approach                  Governance and Strategic Leadership




    Safety Management Procedures
In 2025, J&T Express advanced systematically its construction of a safety management system, focusing on core business scenarios such as
transportation, sorting centers, delivery, and terminal outlets etc. to drive comprehensive upgrading of the institutional framework and innovative
breakthroughs in management practices.




                                   The Company has sorted out and updated systematically its framework of transportation safety management
                                   systems. It issued regulations such as the Work Safety Management and Accident Disposing Regulations for
                                   Self-Operated Fleet and Regulations of Major Accident Disposing Management for Self-Operated Fleet to
                                   form a comprehensive management loop from daily operations to emergency response. In the meantime, it also
                                   developed specialized regulations like the Safety Management Regulations for Joining and Leaving Drivers,
                                   Regulations for Driver Behavior Management and Regulations for Vehicle Safety Major Anomaly Management to
                                   enable full and refined control over personnel, vehicles, and driving behaviors. Additionally, the Company carried
                                   out in all respects the safety production accountability system across the group to transmit safety responsibilities
       For                         level by level to every business unit and intensify all employees' awareness on safety accountability. By 2025, the
  transportation                   signing rate of safety accountability agreements for all self-operated fleets within the group reached 100%.
      safety




                                   The Company has continuously optimized safety management standards, iteratively upgraded the 6S
                                   Standardized Implementation Plan to promote lean and visual on-site management. Through the refinement of
                                   the Requirements for Standardized Routine Safety Management Enhancement Actions, safety management has
                                   shifted from targeted rectification to routine operations, consistently elevating the safety levels of key logistics
                                   hubs
 For the sorting
    centers




                                   The Company revised the Reward and Punishment Management Procedure for Security Incidents Involving
                                   Prohibited and Restricted Express Items in 2025 to intensify the source control over prohibited items and
                                   effectively prevent security risks in the inbound delivery process.

For delivery safety




                                   The Company focused on intensifying the baseline security management of various outlets with its stress put
                                   on improving the equipment and process standard system, standardizing operational procedures, and reducing
                                   safety risk exposure. In the meantime, it also worked to establish and improve an effective abnormal recovery
                                   mechanism to improve its response speed and handling efficiency of outlets in emergencies, providing a robust
                                   guarantee for service quality.
 For security of
  the terminal
     outlets


Besides, the Company actively promoted the construction of the Occupational Health and Safety Management System to continuously enhance the
standardization of its safety management. Now, the company in China and Saudi Arabia have obtained ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety
Management System Certification.

                                                                                                                                                          169
                                                          About the Report            Overview of J&T Express             Sustainability Management




   Safety Management Targets

J&T Express has established clear quantitative safety management targets to continuously improve its safety performance. In 2025, the Company
set specific goals in areas such as accident control and hazard management. For accident control, the Company set a target for work-related
injury rate of no more than 0.0075 per million packages in 2025 in China, with the Lost Time Injury Rate (LTIR) as the core quantitative metric
for safety management to steadily promote progress in workplace safety. In terms of the promotion mechanism, the Company has established a
coordinated promotion system in which the Group's Human Resources and Administration Department takes overall leadership, the national safety
management teams and human resources departments of each country implement in coordination, and Yunyi Transportation participates and executes
synchronously.


      Indicator Category       Indicator Description                   Target                                   Note




                                                                                          No fatal accidents throughout the year due to

       Accident control
                                  Safety Liability
                                     accident                           0               potential safety hazard, violations of regulations,
                                                                                            improper direction or violations of labor
                                                                                                            discipline.




  Potential safety hazard       Rectification rate of                                   All the potential safety hazards identified through
      management              potential safety hazards                                              inspection were rectified.


                                                                 100%
                             Timeliness rate of safety                                  Report in a timely manner within the specified time
  Accident management
                               accident reporting                                               limit after a safety accident occurs.




    Safety indicator per
     million packages
                              Injury rate per million
                                    packages                   0.0075                      Annual work-related injury accident rate per
                                                                                                       million packages




170
    Environment: Green Logistics                      Social: Ingenious Service                             Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                         Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                      and People-Oriented Approach                      Governance and Strategic Leadership




    Safety Risk Management
J&T Express continued to optimize its dual prevention system for potential hazard investigation and hierarchical risk management and control. It has
established scientific and systematic management processes and built two firewalls to prevent work safety accidents. It endeavored to promote the
transformation of safety management to refinement to ensure the company’s production and operation safety in all respects.


                                                Safety Risk Identification and Assessment Process




   Risk Management                  Risk Assessment                Risk Identification                    Risk Level                        Risk Control
       Structure                      Framework                       Dimensions                          Assessment                         Measures

  A longitudinally                 Risk assessment                Various risk factors             The Likelihood,                      Targeted control plans
  connected safety risk            is carried out                 are systematically               Exposure,                            are formulated based
  governance system                hierarchically                 identified from                  Consequences                         upon risk levels,
  with clearly defined             based on the basic             the dimensions                   Method (LEC                          covering measures
  responsibility is built          framework of                   of “human-                       Method) is adopted to                on technology,
  as guided by the                 “Department –                  machine-material-                scientifically establish             management, training,
  policy for hierarchical          Position – Operation           management-                      the safety risk levels.              protection and
  control and territorial          Activity – Working             environment” to                                                       emergency etc.
  responsibility                   Procedure –                    ensure full coverage
  division.                        Workplace”.                    of all key operational
                                                                  procedures.




   Safety Risk Classification and Control

J&T Express applies the LEC method to evaluate safety risks, major hazard sources, and occupational health hazards across its full operations.
The approach comprehensively evaluates the risk level through three indicators, i.e., the likelihood of accident occurrence (L), the frequency of
exposure to hazardous environments (E), and the criticality of accident consequences (C). According to the Regulations on Hazard Identification,
Risk Assessment and Control Management and the Guiding Manual for Dual Prevention, each agency area conducts a comprehensive safety risk
identification and assessment at least once a year. Risks are divided into four levels: Significant, Major, General, and Low. Each agency area shall
establish corresponding control levels and ensure timely identification and effective control of potential safety risks as much as possible.


                                                     Risk Assessment Level for J&T Express


                                                   LEC Method-based Risk Assessment Value

              Risk Value                          Risk Degree                                Risk Level                                     Color

                                              Extremely dangerous                          Significant risk                                  Red

                                                Highly dangerous                             Major risk                                     Orange

                                              Apparently dangerous                          General risk                                    Yellow

                                                Lightly dangerous
                                                                                              Low risk                                       Blue
                                                Slightly dangerous


                                                                                                                                                            171
                                                              About the Report              Overview of J&T Express               Sustainability Management




Once on-site risk identification is complete, the Company establishes a standardized risk control and publication mechanism. Safety risk notification
boards will be made and posted at each work site to indicate risk levels, prevention and control measures, and information on responsible persons
at the site to ensure that all people are aware of the risks. The safety management personnel in the agency areas input the identification results into
the security management system, establish an electronic risk record, and achieve unified management and dynamic updating of the risk information.
After system maintenance is completed, designated site managers conduct regular risk inspections on a scheduled cycle to detect and address hazards
promptly. This creates a closed-loop process covering identification, disclosure, logging, inspection, and rectification, keeping all risks under control.




                                                        Risk Notification Board & Safety Poster



In 2025, J&T Express conducted a systematic safety risk assessment of the entire network's agency area and workflows for all positions in China,
aiming to dynamically update and carry out the hierarchical management and control over identified safety risk sources. The major risks are
subject to key monitoring and list-based management with targeted control measures formulated based on actual conditions. Special training was
provided to enhance the capabilities of safety management personnel and achieve closed-loop management of safety risks throughout the entire
process. Simultaneously, the Company also established a multi-channel safety communication and feedback mechanism, encouraging employees
to actively raise suggestions and ideas through diverse channels to facilitate early identification and prevention of the potential safety risks. The
above improvement in safety management consolidated the company's safety defense line, providing a strong support for its rapid and high-quality
development.


      Security Action Guarantee

   Transportation Security Administration

The self-operated fleet of the Company has established a smart transportation safety system that covers vehicle equipment, driver management, and
daily management so as to promote the shift of transportation safety management from post-incident handling to pre-incident prevention.




           For technical vehicle equipment



         All vehicles must have three sets of Advanced Driving Assistance System (ADAS) before being put into operation, including a dash cam,
         driver facial detection, and monitoring above the passenger seat, to monitor driving behavior in real time and intervene promptly in case
         of abnormalities. Currently, J&T Express in China has achieved full coverage of ADAS systems in all vehicles. Trailers are uniformly
         provided with tire temperature and pressure detectors which may automatically warn and prompt continuously in case of any abnormalities.
         The monitors can decide simultaneously whether to intervene via phone calls when necessary. As a rule, all vehicles are provided with fire
         extinguishers, wheel chocks, warning triangles, and bottled water to ensure emergency response is readily in place.




172
Environment: Green Logistics                     Social: Ingenious Service                         Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                           Appendix
 and Energy Transformation                     and People-Oriented Approach                  Governance and Strategic Leadership




       For driver management and control



    The monitoring center is able to identify proactively personnel risks through monitoring algorithms and classify drivers per risk exposure
    based on the severity of potential hazards and frequency of violations to substitute post-event blaming via precise intervention. Drivers who
    violated the rules three times in one week or committed serious violations are marked as high-risk drivers in red. Drivers marked in red are
    required to immediately attend offline training. Drivers who violate the rules twice are marked as medium-risk drivers in yellow and their
    performance deposit will be deducted. For those who violated the rules only once, the safety management supervisor will arrange face-to-
    face interviews and education programs for them.




       For daily management



    The Company has formulated a driver training plan covering defensive driving, fire safety, emergency response, seasonal driving safety, laws
    and regulations, and other related subjects. The monitoring center provides real-time monitoring on the road 24/7 to exercise strict control
    over potential hazards such as fatigue driving. The fleet inspects daily all vehicles for safety signs and drivers must perform secondary
    confirmation of the completeness of such signs before their operations. Once the signs are missing or damaged, the replenishment process
    will be immediately initiated to ensure compliance with on-road requirements.




               Case: The Transport Safety Lifecycle Management System in Brazil


 To systematically prevent and control safety risks during transportation in Brazil, we have established a road safety management system
 (GRIS) that covers the entire process before and during vehicle operations to include safety control requirements in every key node of
 transportation operations.


 During the process of pre-operation qualification verification


 We conduct rigorous onboarding screening for all the corporate and third-party drivers. We appoint a professional institution to verify key
 information such as the validity of driver's licenses, points risk, and vehicle compliance status. The verification results must display “up-
 to-standard/accepted” before the driver takes up his/her post. The validity period usually lasts for 6 months. These measures set a safety
 access threshold for personnel and vehicles from the source.

 When a vehicle is ready or released for operation

 Vehicles must undergo routine maintenance, certificate verification, and tire pressure inspection before operation. The person responsible
 must devise a safe driving route in advance. Before the release of a vehicle, a physical check of the sensors and actuators must be
 completed and approved by the management. The driver must be approved officially by the risk manager. After release, the driver must
 immediately activate journey tracking system and send an acknowledgement to ensure full traceability throughout the journey.



 To facilitate the behavior management and control during driving

 A driver must keep the safety function active throughout the journey, strictly follows the preset route and proceed directly to destination
 after loading to avoid any random parking. The driver shall also keep strictly the cargo information in secret. By exercising the above
 systematic control, we have alleviated effectively the risks of accidents and cargo safety during transit, thus laying a solid foundation for
 the establishment of a standardized and reliable transportation safety management system.




                                                                                                                                                 173
                                                           About the Report             Overview of J&T Express                Sustainability Management




                 Case: The Driving Management System in Cambodia


      To systematically enhance drivers' safety awareness and effectively mitigate the risk of transport accidents in Cambodia, we have
      established a closed-loop driving safety management system encompassing pre-accident prevention, in-process control, and post-accident
      response by focusing on four dimensions: people, vehicles, management, and technology.


         At the pre-accident                            At the in-process                               At the post-incident
         prevention level                               control level                                   response level




        We require drivers to conduct daily           We strictly prohibited violations                We have established a standardized
        inspection for key items, such as             such as speeding, fatigue driving,               emergency response process for
        tires, brakes, lights, fluids, seat belts,    distracted driving, and drunk                    accidents. Drivers were required
        and fire extinguishers before driving.        driving, and specified mandatorily               to complete their assignments
        Any abnormalities identified must             that continuous driving should not               such as accident reporting, on-
        be reported immediately to prevent            exceed 4 hours and driver’s rest                 site disposition, and emergency
        operation of any faulty vehicles at the       be no less than 20 minutes. In the               contact as per regulations to ensure
        start. Besides, we regularly organize         meantime, we utilized the real-time              a quick and standardized response to
        specialized training on defensive             warning function of the vehicle                  emergency and effectively reduce the
        driving and response to adverse               safety systems such as GPS speed                 risk exposure from any secondary
        climate conditions or on emergency            limit, lane departure warning, and               injuries.
        to continuously enhance drivers'              blind spot monitoring etc, followed
        skills on operating safety.                   up dangerous driving behaviors via
                                                      the safety supervisor and the GPS
                                                      monitoring platform throughout the
                                                      journey, provided its intervention and
                                                      targeted guidance in a timely manner.




174
    Environment: Green Logistics                      Social: Ingenious Service                         Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                   Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                      and People-Oriented Approach                  Governance and Strategic Leadership




   Safety Management of the Sorting Center


The J&T Express Group headquarter has established a regulatory system that integrates "online monitoring, offline inspection, and unannounced
inspections ". The Group headquarter implements daily reporting and penalties through real-time online monitoring and auditing while regularly
conducting offline inspections and unannounced inspections in the agency areas. Interactive inspections and online monitoring are carried out between
the agency areas to form a cross-supervision mechanism. Meanwhile, we carry out regular safety management standard improvements, focusing
on investigations and follow-up rectification relating to equipment safety protection. The main directors of each agency area are required to inspect
personally the sorting centers and outlets on quarterly basis to ensure the management is primarily accountable for safety.




        Malaysia

        In Malaysia, we conducted a total of 1,192 online safety inspections at sorting centers,            we conducted a total of



                                                                                                            1,192
        focusing on safety violations by on-site operating staff and potential safety hazards in the
        facilities. The initiative aimed to enhance employees’ safety awareness and reduce the
                                                                                                                                   online safety
        occurrence of safety incidents.
                                                                                                            inspections at sorting centers




        The Philippines

        In the Philippines, we applied a strict safety inspection management mechanism for all sorting centers and outlets. At the daily
        monitoring level, we continuously carried out regular safety supervision at various workplaces, communicated and verified with
        security personnel and their supervisors on a regular basis to be informed of the on-site safety status in a timely manner. At the
        quarterly inspection level, safety management personnel conducted unscheduled on-site spot inspections at all sorting centers and
        outlets, made comprehensive walk-around inspection at the entire workplace focusing on the identification of potential safety and
        security risks and hazards. After each inspection, the safety inspectors are required to submit detailed inspection reports accompanied
        by complete on-site records to ensure a closed-loop management process covering problem identification, rectification tracking, and
        record keeping.




        Cambodia

        In Cambodia, we have launched a "Safety Eye for All" campaign for the operation and maintenance personnel of the semi-automated
        line at the sorting center. We established a "Daily Hazard Inspection" mechanism in key areas of concerns, where frontline employees,
        equipment maintenance personnel, and team leaders jointly conducted daily inspections, focusing on verifying functions of critical
        safety protection facilities such as emergency shutdown devices.




        China

        In China, we have innovatively established a "Health Station" at Guangzhou sorting center. By cooperating with local hospitals to set
        up dedicated medical rooms, health services are moved forward to the worksite, constructing an integrated health protection system
        of "prevention - diagnosis and treatment - emergency rescue," effectively ensuring the occupational health and safety of frontline
        employees on site.

        The medical rooms are equipped with professional medical staff and basic medical equipment such as blood pressure monitors and
        AEDs, providing employees with daily health monitoring, common disease diagnosis and treatment, emergency training, and health
        education services.



                                                                                                                                                      175
                                                             About the Report              Overview of J&T Express                 Sustainability Management




   Outlet Safety Management

J&T Express requires the agency areas to conduct walk-around safety inspections on all Chinese franchisee outlets, with an annual inspection coverage
rate of 100%. Besides, the Company has launched a "Rock Action" campaign in China, where management teams are stationed at the frontline outlets
to identify and solve problems on-site. At the institutional level, the Company has established a outlet security staffing system, requiring each outlet
to be staffed with security personnel and maintain daily safety management records. By 2025, the Company had achieved a 100% coverage of outlet
security personnel. In the meantime, the Group has set equipment and process technology standards for franchisee outlets to ensure safe operation of
the outlet equipment. For franchisee management, the Company conducted surveys on abnormal situations and unpaid wages and built a complaint
handling mechanism. It also conducted online live safety training and carried out random on-site inspections at franchisee outlets during agency areas
walk-around visits. Any issues identified were followed through to resolution, ensuring closed-loop management at the frontline.



   Cloud Warehouse Safety Management

In China, J&T Express's cloud warehouse business expanded in an orderly manner in 2025. The Company adhered to the core principle of "Business
Expansion in Parallel with Safety" to incorporate the safety management in the entire process of cloud warehouse operations.

To achieve standardized and normalized safety management, the Company has formulated a Cloud Warehouse Safety Assessment System to establish
the safety management assessment standards, assessment processes, and reward and punishment mechanisms, and directly linking safety performance
with job performance evaluations. In the meantime, the Company also intensified the supervision and control over operation safety to have violations
circulated and controlled.

To enhance the safety awareness and practical skills of the cloud warehouse employees, the
Company conducted a total of 68 specialized safety training sessions on cloud warehouses
throughout 2025. The training was launched based upon the actual operational conditions of
cloud warehouses, covering core modules such as safety management for cloud warehouse
managers, emergency response measures for flood prevention at high summer temperatures, skills          In 2025, the Company conducted a total of



                                                                                                        196
in identifying potential hazards in cloud warehouses, and on-site operational safety standards
so as to empower the company all employees with safety knowledge. The whole-year-round
training covered a total of 1,256 individuals and has effectively improved the safety performance                     potential hazard investigations via
capabilities of the employees on various posts.                                                         various ways

In the meantime, the Company has established a regular potential hazard investigation mechanism
for cloud warehouse operations. In 2025, the Company conducted a total of 196 potential hazard
investigations via various ways, such as unannounced site visits and routine inspections. A total
                                                                                                        with a rate of rectification of
of 183 potential safety hazards were identified throughout the year, for which a special record
for rectification was established, specifying the responsibility, measures and time limit for
rectification. Except those due to objective limitations imposed by the worksite, all the hazards
have been remedied in a closed-loop manner with a rate of rectification of 100%. A full-process
                                                                                                        100%
closed-loop management system for potential hazards encompassing "investigation, identification,
rectification and review," has been established across the company.



   Safety Emergency Management

J&T Express stresses highly on its safety emergency management. It strictly complies with
relevant laws and regulations of the countries and regions where it operates and invests, and
has formulated institutional documents such as Regulations on Work Safety Education and
Management, Fire Safety Management System, and Compilation of Emergency Response Plans.
It has established a contingency plan system covering multiple scenarios, covering abnormal
reporting process, anti-terrorism disposal, fire emergency response, operation emergent disposal,
hazardous goods and prohibited item disposition, work-related injury disposal, power outage
disposal, natural disaster disposal, infectious disease and epidemic prevention and control,
unknown mass diseases and mass emergencies achieving full coverage of major risk scenarios.
Practical drills for various contingency plans are organized regularly to continuously improve the
emergency response capability and disposing skills of all employees.                                                         Fire Drill

176
    Environment: Green Logistics                      Social: Ingenious Service                        Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                  Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                      and People-Oriented Approach                 Governance and Strategic Leadership




     Occupational Health and Safety Management

J&T Express attaches great importance to the occupational health and safety of its employees, and has continued to improve its occupational health
and safety management system. In 2025, the Company issued an occupational health and safety policy, which set out four basic principles, i.e.,
effective operation of the management system, risk control, compliant operation, and sustainable improvement. This provides institutional guarantees
for occupational health and safety work across the entire group.

The Company incorporates the identification of occupational hazard factors into its hazard source identification process and conducts simultaneous
assessments using the LEC method. The identification results are displayed on risk notification boards and publicized in the corresponding areas. For
preventive measures, the Company organizes annual occupational health check-up for employees with reports thereof included in the employees'
occupational health records for unified management. For on-site operators, appropriate labor protection supplies are provided according to job risks,
including reflective vests, working suits, gloves, safety helmets and anti-smashing shoes, etc. Employees at key places (such as the turning machine
workstation) are provided with special protection. In China, to enhance employees' self-rescue and mutual-rescue capabilities on emergency and
ensure their safety, the Company has invited teachers from the Red Cross to conduct training on the operation of automatic external defibrillators (AED)
at our group headquarter and agency areas.



     Safety Culture Education

Based on the annual training plan and actual conditions, J&T Express organized and participated
in a total of 27,037 safety training sessions worldwide in 2025, with 1,469,232 participants in
total. In the meantime, daily safety guidance programs on operational safety, delivery safety, and
fire safety were launched for employees as per the corporate toolbox meeting system to effectively         J&T Express organized and participated in
enhance employees' safety knowledge and capabilities.                                                      a total of

With the enhancement of drivers' safety capabilities as its core, the Company has established
a safety education system. The training covers topics such as defensive driving, identification
of blind spots for trucks and the rule of stop-for-right turn, safe driving under adverse climate
                                                                                                           27,037
                                                                                                           sessions worldwide in 2025
                                                                                                                                       safety training

conditions, tire temperature and pressure management, and prevention of fatigue driving etc.
Throughout the year, more than 2,300 safety training sessions were held, covering over 80,000
trainees.

The Company also provided additional online courses through the YouE Teacher WeChat Mini
Program, covering re-education on violations, vehicle maintenance, and fire safety. It is required
that all employees spend 4 hours in study each month and be certified through assessment. A
mandatory video study and assessment system was also rolled out through the driver app. Using
animated instructional videos, it ensures comprehensive training coverage for all drivers.                 participants

Moreover, the Company, in the Feishu knowledge base, established libraries for safety training,
accident cases, video materials and major accident reporting to achieve centralized management
and continuous pooling of training resources. For safety education, a range of awareness videos
                                                                                                           1,469,232
covering driving reminders for holidays, driving norms for adverse weather, the "Learn from
Experienced Workers" series, and the "Four Pledges" series are made by the Company. It also
endeavored to intensify the safety atmosphere by hanging fire drill banners and posting fire
prevention posters.




                                                                                                                                                     177
                                                                About the Report             Overview of J&T Express            Sustainability Management




                   Case: Training on Feature Recognition of Fraud-related Express Items & Gold Delivery in the Agency Area of Gansu,
                   Qinghai and Ningxia


      To p r e v e n t t e l e c o m f r a u d , w e h a v e
      collaborated with public security authorities
      and anti-fraud centers in the Gansu-Qinghai-
      Ningxia regions of China. We have organized
      training sessions for frontline employees,
      focusing on identifying characteristics of
      fraudulent items such as express deliveries,
      gold and other precious metals. These
      efforts are aimed at safeguarding customers'
                                                                      Anti-fraud training in Gansu, Qinghai, and Ningxia Agency Areas
      property security.




                   Case: The Safety of Line-haul Transportation Was Intensified Through Practical Operations in China


      In China, the Henan Agency Area joined
      hands with the Yunyi Transportation
      Zhengzhou Fleet to deliver vehicle safety
      knowledge training to frontline employees
      at sorting centers. During the training,
      employees gained hands-on experience
      through accident scenario simulations
      conducted at vehicle blind spots and on site.
      They were instructed on safe operational
      practices and deepened their understanding
      of line-haul operating vehicles.

                                                               Hands-on Operation Training on Transport Safety in Henan Agency Area, China




                   Case: The "Yellow May" Special Road Safety Training Program in Brazil


      In May 2025, we launched a "Yellow May" road safety training
      program in Brazil, targeting all drivers and employees in related
      positions, aiming to enhance the awareness of road traffic safety.
      The training covered five modules: defensive driving skills
      (risk prediction and accident prevention), correct identification
      of traffic signs and markings, driving behavior safety norms
      (speed limit compliance, use of seat belts, and hazard prediction
      in driving environments), reason analysis for common accident
      risks (distracted driving, use of cell phones, drunk driving and
      fatigue driving), and commuting accident prevention (planning
      commuting routes and safe driving under different road conditions)
      so as to improve systematically drivers' safety awareness and risk
      prevention capabilities.

                                                                                        The "Yellow May" Special Road Safety Training



178
Environment: Green Logistics                     Social: Ingenious Service                         Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                             Appendix
 and Energy Transformation                     and People-Oriented Approach                  Governance and Strategic Leadership




               Case: The Special Defense Driving Seminar in the Philippines


 To enhance drivers’ safety awareness, mitigate the risk of traffic accidents and minimize operational losses in the Philippines, we organized
 a Defensive Driving Seminar in 2025. The training covered core modules including hazard perception and prediction, standardized driving
 techniques, compliance with traffic codes, emergency response procedures and energy-saving driving skills. The training helped drivers
 understand fully the essentials of safe driving and effectively improved their ability in coping with complicated road conditions.




                                                          Defensive Driving Training




               Case: Driver Safety and Compliance Training in Malaysia


 In Malaysia, we promoted systematically driver safety and compliance training. Throughout             Throughout the year, we organized a
 the year, we organized a total of 29 trainings covering cumulatively 542 trainees. In 2025,           total of



                                                                                                       29
 we focused on trainings of three core categories, i.e., Internal Driver Training, which
 targeted the Company's own fleet and focused on intensifying driving safety skills and
 operational norms; Business Partner Fleet Empowerment Training, which targeted the                                 trainings
 fleet personnel of external business partners and focused on improving their operational
 standardization and risk prevention and control capabilities; and APAD Compliance Special
 Training, which focused on systematic publicity and implementation based upon regulatory              covering cumulatively



                                                                                                       542
 requirements for compliance to ensure relevant personnel fully understand and comply with
 the management standards.
                                                                                                                           trainees




                                                                                                                                                 179
                                                             About the Report             Overview of J&T Express              Sustainability Management




Improving Value Chain Management

      Supplier Management System

   Supply Chain Management System


J&T Express strictly complies with the laws and regulations governing supplier management in all countries and regions where it operates and
invests, and has established a standardized management system covering the entire procurement process. Its core policies include the Procurement
Management Policy, Supplier Management Policy, Bidding and Tendering Management Measures, Guidelines for the Management of Supplier
Breach of Contract, Procurement Order Allocation Rules, and Logistics Equipment Supplier Management Specifications. These policies encompass
key links such as procurement approval, full life-cycle management of suppliers, bidding and tendering compliance, breach handling, order allocation,
and specialized category management. In addition, the Company has issued the Sustainable Procurement Policy, which systematically integrates ESG
requirements into the entire procurement process to drive the green and low-carbon transformation across the supply chain. Together, these policies
form the institutional foundation of J&T Express’s procurement management, ensuring that all procurement activities are conducted in a standardized
and orderly manner.




   Organizational Structure of Supply Chain Management

J&T Express has established a hierarchical supply chain management architecture with clear division of authority and responsibilities. Using a “three-
tier decision-making, dual-line control” model, it has formed a multi-level management system covering decision-making, management and execution
and a dual-line control mechanism. The Group Procurement Management Department provides procurement empowerment and support, while local
risk control teams in each country conduct independent supervision and management to ensure that the entire procurement process operates efficiently,
compliantly, consistently and transparently.




                                                               Responsible for approving major procurement matters and
                                          Group
                                                               formulating strategic directions for procurement as the
                                       Procurement
                                        Committee
                                                               highest decision-making body that comprises members of
                                                               the Board of Directors.




                            Procurement
                                                     Responsible for procurement decision-making and approval at the national
                          Committee in each
                              country
                                                     level, and for implementing the Group’s procurement strategy.




                Procurement
              Department in each         Responsible for the implementation of specific procurement projects and daily management.
                   country




180
    Environment: Green Logistics                     Social: Ingenious Service                        Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                              Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                     and People-Oriented Approach                 Governance and Strategic Leadership




    Building a Sustainable Supply Chain

J&T Express fully embeds the ESG concept into its global procurement management and has developed a full life-cycle supply chain management
process. Through a supply chain management system featuring categorized management, open sourcing, and end-to-end traceability, the Company
ensures supply chain compliance and transparency, laying a solid, responsible and sustainable foundation for its global business operations.

Centered on global business scenarios, J&T Express divides procurement activities into nine major categories and has established standardized
procedures that span the entire procurement life cycle. The procedure covers key steps such as demand initiation, supplier sourcing, qualification
review, on-site inspections, product sampling, product spot-checking, issue resolution, and performance evaluation.




   Open Sourcing of Suppliers


In terms of supplier sourcing, J&T Express adopts a diversified supplier sourcing strategy, ensuring access to high-quality supplier resources through
multiple channels including open recruitment, industry referrals, and proactive development.




                                                            Supplier Sourcing Channels


                                                Publishing procurement project information through official channels, allowing suppliers to
    Open Recruitment
                                                register and participate voluntarily.


    Industry Recommendation                     Introducing suppliers through the industry networks of internal employees or existing suppliers.


                                                Procurement teams actively identifying potential suppliers through online channels, industry
    Proactive Development
                                                directories, and professional trade shows.




                                                                                                                                                   181
                                                              About the Report              Overview of J&T Express               Sustainability Management




    Supplier Evaluation and Admission


At the supplier admission stage, the procurement department implements strict qualification reviews after the completion of sourcing. The main
evaluation criteria include, but are not limited to:




         Basic Corporate           Industry Qualifications              Production                   Compliance                     Business
          Qualifications              and Experience                     Capacity                    Commitment                    Authenticity




      Years of                     Relevant industry             Factory scale,                 Suppliers must                Social insurance
      establishment,               certifications, cases         production capacity,           commit to complying           certificate or power
      registered capital           of similar business           requirements                   with the Company’s            of attorney of the
      (paid-in capital), tax       cooperation.                  for proprietary                code of conduct               business contacts.
      payment credit rating,                                     production facilities.         and compliance
      debt-to-asset ratio,                                                                      requirements, and
      etc.                                                                                      sign the Code
                                                                                                of Conduct and
                                                                                                Commitment for
                                                                                                Partners.




After qualification review, J&T Express publicly announces qualified suppliers within the project group and opens a 24-hour objection period. Anyone
may raise concerns and request a review of supplier information. The final supplier list is confirmed only after the public notice period closes, ensuring
full transparency throughout the review process.




    On-site Inspection of Suppliers


J&T Express has established a differentiated on-site inspection mechanism for suppliers of different categories. The inspection covers the verification
of original business licenses and qualification certificates, review of financial statements or audit reports for the past two years, confirmation of
employees’ social insurance contributions, proof of production facility ownership or lease agreements, production equipment procurement documents,
raw material procurement records, management system certifications, as well as safety and environmental impact assessments. This comprehensive
evaluation assesses supplier compliance and overall capability, with green and environmental compliance requirements integrated into the on-site
review process.




    Supplier Quality Management


In terms of product quality control over suppliers, J&T Express has established a dual quality assurance mechanism covering sample validation
and batch spot-checking, ensuring that products delivered by suppliers consistently meet the Company’s standards. For express delivery packaging
products in particular, suppliers are required to provide valid third-party inspection reports conforming to mandatory national standards (such as GB
43352-2023 Limits for Heavy Metals and Specified Substances in Express Packaging). Only products with all mandatory items qualified can pass
inspection.




182
    Environment: Green Logistics                         Social: Ingenious Service                      Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                               Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                         and People-Oriented Approach               Governance and Strategic Leadership




   Sustainable Procurement


J&T Express has issued the Sustainable Procurement Policy, which systematically integrates environmental, social and governance (ESG)
requirements into the entire process of procurement decision-making and supplier management, promoting a comprehensive green and low-carbon
transformation of the supply chain.


                                   In terms of green                                                 In the procurement
                                   packaging                                                        of transport vehicles


     The Company continues to upgrade
     packaging materials for environmental
     sustainability. In 2025, J&T Express took the lead                                      J&T Express has formulated a clear green transition
     in responding to national initiatives by fully phasing                                roadmap and measures. Given that global vehicle
     out non-degradable single-use plastic packaging bags                                procurement mainly focuses on light-duty trucks and
     and plastic tape, demonstrating its commitment to green                           medium-to-heavy trucks, the Company will gradually
     development. Across the year, it globally used a total                           introduce and replace vehicles with new energy vehicles
     of 201.57 tons of fully degradable waterproof bags and                           over the next three to five years. In 2025, we continued to
      364.82 tons of degradable tape, accounting for 2.98%                            expand the procurement of electric vans and LNG vehicles.
       and 16.83% of total waterproof bags and tape usage                             In Singapore, electric trucks accounted for 6% of our total
         respectively. The consumption of fully degradable                            truck fleet. In China, we purchased 1,697 LNG tractors,
            waterproof bags and fully degradable tape increased                       accounting 30% of our total tractor fleet.
                by approximately 197.39% and 1,347%
                       compared with 2024, respectively.




    Supplier Risk Management

   Risk Identification and Assessment

J&T Express has established a systematic mechanism for supplier risk identification and assessment, and continuously conducts risk control from two
dimensions: data-driven screening and performance evaluation. On the one hand, the Company leverages commercial information platforms such
as Qichacha and Tianyancha to proactively conduct risk screening on suppliers, with a focus on ESG-related environmental compliance risk factors
including environmental penalties and mandatory pollution discharge rectification orders. On the other hand, through quarterly and annual supplier
performance evaluations, the Company continuously monitors and assesses suppliers’ ESG factors such as product quality and safe production. At
present, the Company has fully integrated key ESG dimensions into its supplier risk identification and assessment framework, including environmental
compliance and protection, product quality, production safety, occupational health and safety, and labor rights protection.



   Risk Rectification and Remediation

J&T Express has established a supplier risk rectification and remediation mechanism that spans the entire cooperation lifecycle, forming a closed-
loop management system featuring contractual constraints, institutional rectification, and performance-driven improvement. At the contractual
level, the Company uniformly uses standard contract templates, clarifying suppliers' performance obligations in sustainable development through
warranty and commitment clauses, and specifying breach handling procedures through liability clauses, thereby ensuring supplier accountability from
the source. At the institutional level, when suppliers encounter risk issues, the Company issues Rectification Notice or Supplier Breach Handling
Notification Letter in accordance with the Supplier Management Policy and Guidelines for the Management of Supplier Breach of Contract, requiring
suppliers to rectify within a specified timeframe and submit rectification reports. At the performance level, the Company conducts quarterly and
annual performance evaluations of suppliers, proactively engaging in performance communication with underperforming suppliers to assist them in
developing improvement plans with clear objectives and deadlines, while continuously tracking progress. Meanwhile, the Company recognizes and
awards suppliers with excellent annual performance, setting benchmark cooperation examples to drive the overall improvement of the supply chain.



                                                                                                                                                    183
                                                            About the Report             Overview of J&T Express              Sustainability Management




   Breach Handling

J&T Express adopts strict disciplinary measures against suppliers with serious violations. The Company strictly prohibits suppliers from providing
products that do not meet mandatory national standards (e.g., limits for heavy metals and specified substances) or causing major safety accidents.
Once such problems are identified, the Company will suspend cooperation eligibility for 1 to 3 years depending on the severity. In serious cases, the
supplier will be permanently blacklisted. For violations of laws and regulations, the Company will report them to the market supervision authority or
transfer the case to judicial authorities in accordance with the law.


      Supplier Empowerment
J&T Express regards suppliers as vital partners in value co-creation, dedicated to continuously enhancing overall supply chain capabilities and
sustainability through strategic alignment and technological collaboration. On one hand, the Company establishes high-level dialogue platforms to
deepen strategic communication and cooperation with suppliers. On the other hand, it focuses on green packaging innovation, working hand-in-hand
with suppliers on joint product research and development and performance upgrades, accelerating the green and low-carbon transformation of the
supply chain.




                 Case: Annual Suppliers Conference — Deepening Strategic Synergy, Co-writing a New Chapter of Development


      On March 11, 2025, J&T Express hosted its annual suppliers conference in Shanghai under the theme "Exceed Ourselves, Win Together”.
      Senior management and representatives from over 100 core suppliers nationwide gathered to launch a new chapter of deepened strategic
      collaboration. Centered on the core theme of “Consolidating Strategic Partnerships and Co-shaping the Future of the Industry”, the
      conference unfolded across four major topics: cultural philosophy dissemination, strategic planning interpretation, outstanding supplier
      recognition, and industry trend discussion. The Company conveyed its core values and business philosophy to suppliers, shared future
      development strategies and procurement plans, recognized and rewarded suppliers with exceptional annual performance, and conducted
      in-depth discussions on logistics industry development trends to jointly explore new cooperation opportunities. Through this annual
      supplier exchange conference, J&T Express comprehensively strengthened supply chain synergy, injecting new momentum into building
      a healthier and more sustainable logistics ecosystem.




                                                           Annual Suppliers Conference




                 Case: Collaborative R&D on Green Packaging — Partnering with Suppliers to Create New Eco-friendly Solutions


      J&T Express actively collaborates with suppliers on the joint research and development of green packaging, continuously driving
      performance upgrades and eco-friendly optimization of packaging materials. In the field of degradable tape, suppliers have developed
      enhanced-adhesion biodegradable tape tailored to the Company's product requirements, maintaining excellent adhesion even under low-
      temperature conditions. In the field of degradable waterproof bags, the Company has onboarded new cooperative suppliers to jointly
      improve degradable waterproof bags, further enhancing product performance. In the field of reusable packaging, the Company has
      optimized the zipper style and design of reusable transit bags, effectively improving product durability, thereby reducing procurement
      frequency and plastic consumption.


184
     Environment: Green Logistics                       Social: Ingenious Service                           Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                      Appendix
      and Energy Transformation                       and People-Oriented Approach                    Governance and Strategic Leadership




Commitment to Social Well-being
J&T Express has always regarded giving back to society as a core mission of its corporate development. The Company actively engages in rural
revitalization, educational philanthropy, medical assistance, and disaster relief, taking concrete actions to fulfill its corporate social responsibilities and
working together with all stakeholders to promote social harmony and sustainable development.



     Rural Revitalization
In each of its operating markets, J&T Express actively expands into remote rural areas with limited infrastructure and scarce logistics resources,
continuously investing in last-mile delivery networks to bridge the final gap in express delivery services. While enabling rural residents to enjoy
equally convenient and safe delivery experiences as urban dwellers, J&T Express also opens up channels for local farmers to sell agricultural products
to broader markets, effectively improving their livelihoods and incomes, and driving sustainable development in rural communities.




    Development of Logistics Network in Rural Areas

By the end of 2025, J&T Express’s network had covered more than 600,000 administrative villages across China, with focused deployment in western
provinces and poverty-stricken areas such as Gansu, Qinghai and Ningxia. In Xinjiang, the Company has established more than 7,000 pickup points
through self-operation or cooperation, basically achieving full coverage of “delivery to villages” across the region. Notably, the model of direct village
delivery in Shache County, Kashgar Prefecture, Xinjiang, was selected as one of the first national typical cases of “delivery to villages” by the State
Post Bureau of China. All 496 administrative villages in the county are served by seven direct trips per week, which has effectively boosted the delivery
business of local produces including almonds and red dates.


    End-to-End Solutions Empowering Rural Industries


J&T Express Deeply Engages in Wuchang Rice Supply Chain to Boost Efficient Distribution of Agricultural Products


At present, nearly 40% of rice in Wuchang City is transported by J&T Express, with a daily peak volume of nearly 100,000 parcels during peak
seasons. Leveraging years of operational expertise, J&T Express has expanded convenient outlets and increased vehicles and staff. It uses dual-
protection packaging combining bubble wrap and vacuum sealing, reducing damage rates to 0.1%–0.2%. Through dedicated green channels and
premium J&T Super service, it offers customized solutions including on-demand dispatch and priority handling. To cope with extreme winter weather
in Northeast China, J&T Express has deployed an intelligent weather early warning system, combined with advance route planning and flexible
scheduling at sorting centers, ensuring almost unaffected delivery efficiency even during heavy snowstorms. To date, those convenient outlets have set
stable cooperation with approximately 300 stores, 70 rice mills and 50 cooperatives. By deeply integrating logistics services into the industrial chain,
J&T Express helps Wuchang rice transform from “high-quality cultivation” to “efficient distribution”, effectively boosting the development of the
regional agricultural economy.




                                                          Wuchang Rice Transportation Solutions

                                                                                                                                                         185
                                                            About the Report              Overview of J&T Express              Sustainability Management




J&T Express Signs Strategic Cooperation to Empower the Coffee Industry and Facilitate "Yunnan Coffee" to Go Global


In March 2025, J&T Express signed strategic cooperation agreements with the Baoshan Coffee Industry Association and the Management Committee
of Baoshan Industrial Park to fully empower the upgrading of the local Arabica coffee industrial chain. Relying on its logistics network covering 13
countries and regions worldwide, J&T Express focuses on building a domestic "coffee line" and a cross-border "one-stop export channel", providing
end-to-end solutions for the coffee industry from the field to the consumer. In terms of intelligent warehousing, as the first enterprise to settle in
Baoshan Modern Logistics Industrial Park, J&T Express's Cloud Warehouse is expected to help coffee enterprises reduce warehousing management
costs by 30% and shorten order processing time by 40% through digital inventory management and cloud-based order processing platforms.




                                                          Strategic Cooperation Agreement



J&T Express Launches the "Orange" Campaign to Facilitate the Distribution of Navel Oranges with End-to-End Protection


Navel oranges are a key income source for farmers in Ganzhou, Zigui, and Fengjie, but remote locations, perishability, and seasonal surges have
hindered large-scale distribution. To address this, J&T Express deployed 200 additional staff in Jiangxi, added over 50 vehicles, and upgraded the
Ganzhou Sorting Center with equipment worth tens of millions RMB. In Zigui Outlet, it added about 60 village collection points, enabling same-
day pickup and shipment out of province. In terms of quality control, J&T Express uses multi-layer protective packaging and its premium Super
service, which includes priority handling and full-value insurance, to minimize damage. J&T Express also deeply participates in the standardized
transformation of the industrial chain through customized packaging and e-commerce docking, helping returning entrepreneurs efficiently deliver
landmark agricultural products to the whole country through live-streaming e-commerce, making logistics an important supporting force for rural
revitalization.




The Business volume of navel oranges
increase



150%
this year
                    in peak season of



The daily average oder over



80,000
Achieved

Zero overflow, Zero backlog
throughout the entire process


                                                                               Empowering Navel Orange Transportation
186
    Environment: Green Logistics                     Social: Ingenious Service                        Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                              Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                     and People-Oriented Approach                 Governance and Strategic Leadership




   Technology Application and Social Value Expansion



J&T Express Solves the "First Mile" Dilemma in Mountainous Areas with Drones to Support Farmers


Before Chinese New Year, facing challenges of complex terrain and high collection costs in Fengjie's mountainous areas, J&T Express pioneered low-
altitude logistics by deploying drones for navel orange collection and transport in mountain regions. The drones used have a maximum load capacity
of 50 kilograms, with a daily average weighing up to 10,000 kilograms per unit, comprehensively helping fruit farmers save about 40% of labor
costs. Simultaneously, J&T Express opened over 100 collection points in major production areas, established a dedicated green channel, and deployed
intelligent dispatch systems to handle adverse weather, optimizing the entire supply chain. Navel orange collection volume grew over 40% year-on-
year, effectively supporting agricultural product distribution and farmer income growth.




                                                      Drone-Enabled Mountain Transportation



Technology Powers Northwest Logistics: Express Revolution in the Gobi


Facing the challenge of sparse population and high delivery costs west of the Hu Huanyong Line, J&T Express prioritizes the northwest region
through technology innovation and network expansion, exploring sustainable development pathways in central and western markets.

In terms of infrastructure construction, J&T Express completed the upgrading and renovation of the Lanzhou Sorting Center in May 2025, with a total
investment of 200 million yuan. The daily processing peak capacity increased from 850,000 pieces to 1.8 million pieces, and the overall delivery time
was shortened by about 6.5 hours. In terms of intelligent delivery, J&T Express pioneered large-scale deployment of L4 autonomous delivery vehicles
in Gansu, Qinghai, and Ningxia, with over 100 units deployed by September 2025 and plans to expand to 300 units by year-end. The introduction of
unmanned vehicles has reduced the cost per order by 20% and reduced delivery time by 2 hours. Originally, 15 villages that required 3 couriers can
now be served by 1 person with the assistance of unmanned vehicles, effectively solving the long-term dilemma of "fuel costs outnumbering postage"
in remote areas.


J&T Express completed the upgrading and renovation of the Lanzhou Sorting Center in May 2025

with a total investment of                          The daily processing peak capacity                    The overall delivery time was shortened



200
                                                    increased from                                        by about

                 million yuan
                                                    850,000
                                                    million pieces
                                                                              pieces to   1.8             6.5            hours




                                                                                                                                                    187
                                                            About the Report             Overview of J&T Express             Sustainability Management




                Case: Partnering with Agricultural Extension Services to Open Agricultural Product Distribution Channels in Thailand


      In July 2025, J&T Express cooperated with Thailand's Department of Agricultural Extension to successively set up "J&T Fresh Fruit
      Express" promotion booths at agricultural events in Nakhon Si Thammarat, Chiang Mai and Bangkok, providing farmers with professional
      agricultural product logistics solutions. During the mobile agricultural clinic activities, 480 kilograms of mangosteens were packed and
      shipped on-site to Bangkok, Pathum Thani, Nakhon Pathom, Khon Kaen and other places. At the longan industry exchange meeting and
      Thailand Agricultural Trade Exhibition, we continuously promoted fresh fruit logistics services to farmers and target customers, helping
      them expand sales channels and enhance market reach capabilities.




                                                Agricultural Product Logistics Promotion Activities




      Social Welfare Engagement
In 2025, J&T Express deepened its corporate social responsibility initiatives, launching a series of charitable programs domestically and
internationally focused on education support, community care, and volunteer services.


   Educational Assistance

J&T Express prioritizes educational equity and youth development. In 2025, the Company launched education support initiatives across Thailand,
Indonesia, Malaysia, and China through scholarships, educational donations, and vocational training programs. These activities improve educational
resources in remote and underdeveloped areas while creating more learning and development opportunities for local youth.




    China         In China, we held the donation ceremony at Qi Jiapo Primary School, Heping Town,
                  Yuzhong County. We customized a “Technology Gift Package” for the school,
                  including 3D printers and multi-color consumables, intelligent robot competition kits,
                  model drones, and other cutting-edge equipment, contributing comprehensively to the
                  development of science and technology education at the school.
                                                                                                                   Charitable Donation




   Thailand       In 2025, we launched a scholarship program in Thailand in collaboration with Khon
                  Kaen University, Nong Khai Campus, to support educational equity and cultivate
                  outstanding talents for the logistics industry. The three-year program sponsors 10
                  students annually with 10,000 THB per student, totaling 100,000 THB per year and
                  an estimated cumulative investment of 300,000 THB over three years.
                                                                                                                   Scholarship Program


188
  Environment: Green Logistics                       Social: Ingenious Service                        Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                              Appendix
   and Energy Transformation                       and People-Oriented Approach                 Governance and Strategic Leadership




   The
Philippines        On June 10, 2025, we participated in a volunteer activity initiated by the Department
                   of Education of the Philippines to improve campus learning environments alongside
                   local communities ahead of the new school year. The activity covered 4 regions
                   including the National Capital Region and 4 schools, benefiting more than 500
                   students. A total of 40 employee volunteers joined the program, with donated
                   materials valued over 90,000 Philippine pesos.
                                                                                                                   Campus Learning Environment
                                                                                                                      Improvement Initiative




 Malaysia
                   In 2025, we established a strategic partnership with technical training institutions of local governments in Malaysia, bringing
                   real-world logistics industry experience into classrooms. For example, in the “Practical Truck Driving Training Program”,
                   students received hands-on technical training using our logistics vehicles and equipment. Meanwhile, we donated professional
                   tools worth approximately 20,000 Malaysian Ringgit to address the school’s equipment shortage.




                 Case: "Antar Inspirasi" Educational Charity Program in Indonesia


   In 2025, coinciding with the 10th anniversary of J&T Express' establishment in Indonesia, we launched the "J&T Antar Inspirasi"
   educational charity program. Focusing on the imbalance of educational resources in remote and underdeveloped areas, the program
   collaborated with three professional educational institutions to build an end-to-end support system covering teacher empowerment,
   reading promotion and further education funding.

   In terms of teacher empowerment, we provided teaching method training                   we donated


                                                                                           600
   centered on critical thinking for 25 teachers from two remote primary schools
   in Sigi Regency, Central Sulawesi Province, improving the quality of basic
                                                                                                            books and renovated a child-friendly
   education from the source. In terms of reading promotion, we donated 600
                                                                                           library in Wakatobi Regency, Southeast Sulawesi
   books and renovated a child-friendly library in Wakatobi Regency, Southeast
                                                                                           Province
   Sulawesi Province, benefiting 256 primary school students, with donated
   materials worth approximately 105 million Indonesian Rupiah. In terms of
                                                                                           The program benefits


                                                                                           256
   further education funding, we provided grants totaling 1 billion Indonesian
   Rupiah to outstanding senior high school graduates from low-income families
   across Indonesia, and finally selected 10 recipients from more than 200                                  primary school students
   applications. With the main line of "cultivating good teachers, building good
   classrooms and achieving good students", the program accurately invested                The donated materials worth approximately


                                                                                           105
   corporate resources in the weakest links of education, contributing tangible
   efforts to educational equity and youth development in remote areas of
                                                                                                           million Indonesian Rupiah
   Indonesia.




                                                   "Antar Inspirasi" Educational Charity Program


                                                                                                                                                   189
                                                              About the Report              Overview of J&T Express                   Sustainability Management




                 Case: “School-Enterprise Cooperation" Youth Vocational Education Empowerment Program


      In 2025, we actively promoted school-enterprise cooperation in Brazil, building a growth bridge for local young people from classroom
      to the workplace. We launched an internship program in cooperation with vocational schools in Ceará State, accepting students to conduct
      practical learning in multiple business departments to help them accumulate real work experience in the logistics and e-commerce fields.
      At the same time, in cooperation with the Bahia Chapter of Junior Achievement, a world-renowned youth public welfare organization,
      through two programs—"Executives into Campus" and "Shadow Entrepreneur"—we arranged corporate managers to enter campuses to
      share professional experience, and invited young people to enter the company to experience the workplace environment, inspiring their
      potential for career development. With the dual track of internship training and career enlightenment, the program effectively connects
      corporate resources with educational needs and is a positive practice of J&T Express in fulfilling localized social responsibility and
      helping the growth of young talents.




                                                            School Enterprise Cooperation




                 Case: J&T Express Initiated "5,000 Gifts" Children Caring Program to Brighten the Lives of Children in Remote Areas


      On Thailand's Children's Day in 2025, we jointly launched the "5,000 Gifts"
      initiative in Thailand with the renowned local media platform E-jan, donating
      toys to underprivileged children and teenagers in remote areas. The toys not only
      brought festive joy and smiles to the children, but also stimulated their creativity and
      imagination through play-based learning, promoting their comprehensive physical,
      mental and cognitive development. Meanwhile, in collaboration with the Mirror
      Foundation, we launched the "Computer for Education" program, donating a total of
      57 sets of electronic equipment including computers, monitors and printers to schools
      with limited resources across the country. This helped bridge the digital education
      divide, enabling more young people to access equal opportunities for learning and                               Gift Donation Activity
      growth.


190
     Environment: Green Logistics                          Social: Ingenious Service                      Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                      Appendix
      and Energy Transformation                          and People-Oriented Approach               Governance and Strategic Leadership




   Community Care

In terms of community care, J&T Express actively integrates
into the local society and carries out diversified public welfare
activities focusing on people's livelihood needs. During                         Brazil   In May 2025, we jointly carried out the 2025 Winter
Ramadan, we distributed iftar meals in Saudi Arabia, the United                           Clothing Donation Activity with Barueri City Hall in
Arab Emirates, Egypt and other places, and worked with                                    Brazil, donating a total of more than 6,300 pieces of
charitable organizations to send care to underprivileged families.                        clothing. Focusing on vulnerable groups in society, this
In Brazil, we collaborated with the local government to carry out                         activity aimed to provide practical help to residents in
activities such as winter clothing donations and children's traffic                       difficult situations in Barueri City, conveying corporate
safety instruction, effectively giving back to the community and                          care through warm clothing. The initiative received
helping improve people's livelihoods.                                                     positive coverage from local media Jornal de Barueri,
                                                                                          expanding the brand's social impact and demonstrating
                                                                                          J&T Express's commitment to community engagement
 Saudi Arabia                                                                             and corporate social responsibility.
                      During Ramadan in 2025, we set up iftar
 & United Arab
   Emirates           distribution points to provide free iftar
                      meals. Employees from different cultural
                      backgrounds gathered to distribute iftar
                      meals, experiencing the culture and
                      warmth of Ramadan.




                                    Ramadan Activities                                                          Cloth Donation

    Disaster Relief

When facing natural disasters and emergencies, J&T Express teams in various countries respond swiftly, mobilizing logistics resources and personnel
to support relief efforts, embodying the Company's spirit of mutual aid and responsibility. In 2025, the Company actively carried out disaster relief
in many countries and regions including Indonesia, China, Thailand, Vietnam, Malaysia, the Philippines and Brazil. Through various forms such
as material donation, free transportation and volunteer stationing, it worked with government agencies, public welfare organizations and all sectors
of society to efficiently deliver relief materials to the affected people, interpreting the Company's social responsibility and humanitarian care with
practical actions.



                    Case: J&T Express Lights Up the Snowy Plateau with Public Welfare Activities


      On the occasion of the 60th anniversary of the Tibet Autonomous Region in 2025, Beijing's
      tenth batch of medical aid team concluded its mission and returned to Beijing. J&T
      Express's Tibet team proactively coordinated with Tibet Autonomous Region People's
      Hospital, organizing professional staff to help medical personnel sort and pack items.
      It provided free end-to-end transportation for several tons of packages, with dedicated
      personnel ensuring safe delivery to Beijing. The People's Hospital of Tibet Autonomous
      Region specially presented a silk banner to express gratitude. Earlier that year, an
      earthquake occurred in Shigatse, J&T Express immediately set up a relief team, urgently
      procured aid supplies, and leveraged its logistics network to ensure earthquake relief
      transport and maintain industry operations.

      From earthquake relief to assisting the medical aid team, J&T Express fulfilled its corporate
      social responsibility with practical actions, facilitated the development of the region with
      public welfare services, and demonstrated the warmth and responsibility of a logistics                    Public Welfare Activities in Xizang
      enterprise.


                                                                                                                                                         191
                                                              About the Report               Overview of J&T Express                  Sustainability Management




                 Case: J&T Express Renders Assistance to the Tai Po Fire in Hong Kong, Donating HK$10 Million to Support Affected
                 Residents

      On November 26, a fire broke out in Tai Po, Hong Kong, causing heavy casualties and
      property losses. J&T Express immediately launched a donation of HK$10 million to support
      the emergency resettlement, basic living security, emotional counseling and post-disaster
      recovery of the affected residents, helping the disaster area recover as soon as possible.

      At the same time, we opened a green channel to Hong Kong. We quickly activated the
      emergency response, organized materials and manpower, and delivered 300 sets of daily
      necessities to the temporary resettlement sites.
                                                                                                                       Hong Kong Relief Action




                 Case: J&T Express Carried out Rescue Operation to Stand Together with Local Communities at the Frontline


      From November to December 2025, the Sumatra region was hit by severe floods and
      landslides. We responded quickly and launched a humanitarian rescue operation at the first
      time. Faced with the severe situation of blocked land transportation in Takengon, Aceh
      Tenggara Province, the hardest-hit area, we dispatched cargo planes to airlift relief materials
      to the disaster area to ensure the timely delivery of assistance. A total of 13 tons of daily
      necessities such as food, clothing and basic medical and health supplies were distributed
      to the affected people in this rescue, which was personally received by the head of Central
      Aceh County. About 15 employee volunteers continuously participated in the rescue
      work, stationed in the disaster area for about two days to distribute materials, and set up a
      community kitchen to provide continuous meal support for the affected people.
                                                                                                                 Distribution of Relief Supplies




                 Case: J&T Express Coordinated the Logistics Network to Support Disaster-Affected Communities in Thailand


      In 2025, Thailand experienced severe flooding in multiple regions. We conducted continuous relief operations across July, August,
      November, and December in northern, central, and southern affected areas, demonstrating corporate social responsibility through action.

      For material support, we distributed more than 1,100 packs of drinking water to the three major disaster-hit areas, and leveraged the
      company’s in-house logistics network to efficiently transport and deliver donated supplies. For collaboration, we actively integrated
      resources from multiple parties, joining hands with enterprises, public welfare organizations and social media partners to expand
      relief coverage and improve response efficiency. Among these efforts, we partnered with E-jan to set up a parcel pickup and delivery
      service point in Songkhla from December 14 to 17, 2025 and processed a total of 732 parcels within four days, providing convenient
      logistics support for residents affected by the disaster. Meanwhile, employee volunteers from across the country actively participated in
      disaster relief, including sorting, packing and distributing supplies. The longest long-haul route stretched from Bangkok to Songkhla,
      taking approximately 20 hours one way, and on-site activities in the northern region required 4 to 5 hours each. The entire operation
      demonstrated strong humanitarian care and team cohesion.




                                                            Post-Disaster Rescue in Thailand


192
Environment: Green Logistics                     Social: Ingenious Service                         Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                            Appendix
 and Energy Transformation                     and People-Oriented Approach                  Governance and Strategic Leadership




               Case: J&T Express Supported Kelantan Flood Victims in Malaysia


 On December 5, 2025, the state of Kelantan in Malaysia was hit by severe
 flooding, forcing a large number of families to evacuate. We responded
 immediately, jointly organized and distributed relief supplies at the Kelantan
 base in collaboration with non-profit organizations, delivering daily
 necessities and humanitarian care to affected households. In this operation,
 we undertook the transportation support, efficiently completing the assembly
 and distribution of relief materials.
                                                                                                   Relief Supplies Distribution




               Case: J&T Express Provided Free Transportation for Typhoon-Hit Areas in Vietnam


 From November 24 to 28, 2025, Vietnam was struck by Typhoon No. 13,
 resulting in historic floods. We collaborated with the Ho Chi Minh City
 Committee of the Vietnamese Fatherland Front, deploying 22 trucks to
 transport relief supplies free of charge from Ho Chi Minh City to the disaster-
 stricken provinces in the central region, with transportation costs totaling
 approximately 163 million Vietnamese Dong. Fifty employee volunteers
 departed overnight to ensure the rapid and safe delivery of supplies to the
 disaster-hit areas.                                                                         Relief Supplies Distribution in Vietnam




               Case: J&T Express Conducted Disaster Relief Operations in the Philippines


 On July 30, 2025, we joined with the local government of Navotas LGU in the Philippines for the rescue of two communities in Barangay
 Tanza, distributing relief supplies to 315 affected families. Due to the tidal influence of surrounding rivers, persistent flooding has been a
 long-standing challenge for residents. When the rescue team arrived, the community was still submerged in floodwater up to the ankles,
 making the urgent need for this assistance even more evident. On October 23, 2025, we responded quickly to carry out emergency rescue
 for the affected population in the 7.6-magnitude earthquake in Manay, Davao Oriental, benefiting 150 affected families, including 12
 of our employees whose residences were damaged. This operation involved 20 employee volunteers who provided a total of 4 hours of
 service, with donated materials equivalent to 179,400 Philippine Pesos.




                                               Post-disaster Rescue Actions in the Philippines



                                                                                                                                                  193
                                                              About the Report              Overview of J&T Express               Sustainability Management




   Environmental Initiatives


J&T Express integrates the concept of green development into its corporate social responsibility practices. It actively carries out afforestation,
ecological restoration and environmental protection initiatives across multiple operating countries. The Company collaborates with government
environmental departments, national parks and community organizations, contributes to improving the regional ecosystem environment, enhancing
biodiversity, and promoting the sustainable development goal of harmonious coexistence between humans and nature through continuous ecosystem
investment and employee volunteer participation.



                 Case: Community Tree Planting and Ecological Restoration Initiative


      In 2025, we partnered with local fire departments and provincial and city offices of environment and natural resources in the Philippines to
      conduct afforestation activities in Tacloban and Laguna. A total of 200 fruit tree seedlings were planted, and daily necessities were donated
      to the community, with 25 employee volunteers participating in total. We promoted local ecological restoration and green community
      development through practical efforts.




                                                 Community Ecosystem Restoration in the Philippines




      200            fruit tree seedlings were planted                           25        employee volunteers participating in total




194
    Environment: Green Logistics                    Social: Ingenious Service                           Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                           Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                    and People-Oriented Approach                    Governance and Strategic Leadership




   Public Safety


In Malaysia, we played an active role in local social development and contributed to the public security of local communities continuously. We have
partnered with government authorities to launch anti-fraud and anti-drug campaigns, fostering a safe and orderly social environment.




                   Case: J&T Express Joined Hands Against Fraud to Safeguard Public Information Security


     In Malaysia, responding proactively
     to public safety needs, we established
     partnerships with Whoscall, a caller
     identification application, and the PDRM
     from May to August 2025. We widely
     promote anti-fraud educational videos
     through social media channels, delivering
     risk alerts and practical prevention
     guidelines to the public.




                                                                                 Malaysia Information Security Promotion




                   Case: J&T Express Collaborated with the Police to Build a Drug-Free Workplace


     In October 2025, in collaboration with the
     PDRM in Shah Alam, we successfully held
     an anti-drug awareness talk at Shah Alam
     Sorting Center. The session was conducted
     by a professional team of police officers
     from the Shah Alam Police District, who
     systematically explained the harms of
     drug abuse, signs of addiction, relevant
     laws and regulations, as well as support
     channels for individuals affected by
     drugs. More than 150 employees and
     franchisee representatives participated
     both onsite and online. We reiterated
     our zero-tolerance policy toward drugs
     and full support for law enforcement
     efforts, calling on every employee and
     franchisee to jointly uphold a healthy and
     safe working environment, committed to
     building a drug-free logistics network.

                                                                                    Anti-Drug Campaign in Malaysia




                                                                                                                                              195
       Governance
       Corporate Governance and
       Strategic Leadership



        Strengthening Corporate Governance

        Implementation of Compliance Management

        Strengthening Risk Management

        Upholding Business Ethics

        Information Security and
        Privacy Protection




SDGs




196
                     Environment: Green Logistics                    Social: Ingenious Service                           Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                   Appendix
                      and Energy Transformation                    and People-Oriented Approach                    Governance and Strategic Leadership




Strengthening Corporate Governance
J&T Express believes that sound governance is the cornerstone of sustainable development. The Company strictly complies with the Corporate
Governance Code in Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and actively promotes diversity and
professionalism on the Board of Directors. By introducing members with diverse backgrounds and cross-disciplinary expertise, the Company
continuously enhances the scientific and forward-looking nature of major decisions. This provides a solid foundation for the steady development of
the Company's global business and the sustained growth of long-term shareholder value.



                     Corporate Governance Structure
J&T Express has established a well-defined and efficient governance                               During the year, the Company convened:
structure, ensuring clear division of responsibilities and effective checks


                                                                                                  2                                      2
and balances among the General Meeting of Shareholders, the Board of
Directors, and the management. This system provides an institutional                                   meetings of the Audit                   meetings of the
support for the Company's steady global operation.
                                                                                                  Committee                              Remuneration Committee
In terms of director appointments, all members must be recommended
by the Nomination Committee and selected by the Board of Directors
or the General Meeting of Shareholders. At least one-third of directors
undergo rotation annually to maintain governance vitality and
sustainability. To ensure impartial decision-making, directors sign
independence declarations on a regular basis and disclose relevant
                                                                                                  3    meetings of the
                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
                                                                                                                                         1   meeting of the Nomination
                                                                                                                                         Committee
information in annual reports. The Board convened 4 meetings in 2025                              Committee
to deliberate on key matters such as performance reviews and executive
appointments, with voting results disclosed publicly according to law.
The Board oversees four specialized committees: the Audit Committee,
the Remuneration Committee, the Corporate Governance Committee                                    The attendance rate of all Board and Committee members reached
and the Nomination Committee, each with a clear written scope of                                  100%, demonstrating the governance layer's outstanding performance
duties and operating in a professional manner.                                                    efficiency and rigorous governance attitude.



                                                                        Corporate Governance Structure


                                                      Oversees financial statement integrity and external auditor independence, the effective operation of
                                    Audit Committee   risk management and internal control systems, and the formulation and implementation of policies and
                                                      performance indicators.



                                      Remuneration    Formulates compensation policies and specific plans for directors and executives, approves equity incentives




Board of Directors
                                       Committee      and severance package, and ensures fair and transparent pay processes.




                                                      Regularly reviews and optimizes Board composition, leads the selection and nomination of directors and
                                        Nomination
                                                      the succession planning of executives, evaluates director independence and performance, and monitors the
                                        Committee
                                                      formulation, implementation and achievement of diversity policies at the Board and employee levels.




                                        Corporate     Develops governance policies, compliance protocols and director training programs, and implements strict
                                        Governance    conflict of interest management and risk controls for differential voting rights structure to ensure regulatory
                                        Committee     compliance and safeguard the interests of all shareholders.


                                                                                                                                                                         197
                                                              About the Report              Overview of J&T Express               Sustainability Management




      Board Diversity

J&T Express implements a Board Diversity Policy with clear approaches and methods in adherence to the regulatory requirements of The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. The Nomination Committee evaluates candidates based on multiple dimensions, including gender, age, nationality,
educational background, professional qualifications, industry experience, and regional perspectives. The Nomination Committee reviews the
implementation of the diversity policy annually, formulates quantifiable goals, and submits them to the Board for deliberation to ensure continuous
optimization of the governance structure. The Nomination Committee plays a core role in promoting Board diversity, and its responsibilities cover
three aspects:




      Evaluates candidates based on                      Regularly reviews the structure,                        Continuously develops and refines
      multiple dimensions, including                     size, and composition of the Board,                     the Board Diversity Policy to
      gender, age, nationality, educational              recommends changes as needed                            maintain a long-term stable talent
      background, professional                           to ensure alignment with the                            pipeline and succession framework.
      qualifications, industry experience,               Company’s overall development
      and regional perspectives, and                     strategy, and advises on director
      evaluates the independence of                      appointments, reappointments, and
      independent non-executive directors.               succession planning.




Currently, the Company’s Board demonstrates a high level of professionalism and diversity. Among its total of 7 directors, there is 1 executive director,
3 non-executive directors, and 3 independent non-executive directors. The Chairman of the Board possesses extensive industry and management
experience, while the professional backgrounds of the other directors span key fields including marketing, electronic engineering, finance, accounting,
and management, providing comprehensive decision-making support for the Company to navigate the complex and dynamic global market. The
Company actively adheres to the Board’s gender diversity policy, with female directors accounting for 28.6% of the total membership. The Company
will continue to monitor and optimize the Board’s gender composition, striving to foster an inclusive and equitable governance environment.
Meanwhile, the diversity policy ensures an adequate pool of potential successors for the Board to sustain its established gender diversity. Additionally,
the Company will keep investing resources in developing female talent, aiming to cultivate potential female successors for future senior management
roles and Board positions.




      Board ESG Empowerment

The Company’s Board of Directors has appointed the Audit                                              ESG Governance Framework
Committee to review and monitor the Company's environmental,
social and governance ("ESG") policies and practices, ensure
compliance with relevant laws and regulatory requirements,                                                Board of Directors
oversee and respond to emerging ESG issues, and make
recommendations to the Board where appropriate to enhance the
Group's ESG performance.

The Group implements and advances its ESG initiatives through                                             Audit Committee
a three-tier ESG governance structure comprising the Board of
Directors, the Audit Committee, and the ESG Working Group. The
Board of Directors has the ultimate oversight responsibility for
ESG.
                                                                                                        ESG Working Group




198
    Environment: Green Logistics                     Social: Ingenious Service                       Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                             Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                     and People-Oriented Approach                Governance and Strategic Leadership




Implementation of Compliance Management

J&T Express has always regarded compliant operations as the fundamental cornerstone of its sustainable development and has built a compliance
management system covering the entire business chain. During the reporting period, focusing on five core areas – market, data, labor, anti-corruption
and trade, the Company built a comprehensive compliance framework integrating governance structure, employee empowerment and systemic
controls. Through multi-dimensional coordination and systematic advancement, the Company has comprehensively strengthened the operational
compliance defense line, effectively turning compliance requirements into endogenous drivers of business growth.




    Compliance Management

The Group has established a compliance governance                                              Compliance Governance Framework
framework comprising the Corporate Governance Committee,
the Compliance Risk Working Group, and the Compliance
and Risk Management Team to ensure the Group’s robust
                                                                                                 Corporate Governance Committee
operations across all aspects. Among these, the Corporate
Governance Committee composed of non-executive directors
serves as the highest authority of the compliance management
system, responsible for the final decision-making and overall
supervision of compliance strategies. The Compliance
Risk Working Group is established and appointed by the                                            Compliance Risk Working Group
management of the holding group, responsible for the
implementation and continuous maintenance of daily
compliance work. During the reporting period, the Group
further completed and optimized the talent echelon upgrade
and management structure adjustment of its global legal team.
                                                                                              Compliance and Risk Management Team
By establishing highly independent professional legal teams
in companies across countries to provide localized compli-
ance support, and implementing unified vertical manage-
ment from the Group headquarters, the Group significantly
enhanced cross-regional management synergy while ensuring
global operational compliance.




Meanwhile, J&T Express is committed to building a compliance institutional framework covering the entire business chain. The Group has formulated
the Group Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the Group Conflict-of-Interest Management Measures to set clear red lines for business ethics.
It has also implemented the Regulatory Compliance Identification and Evaluation System, establishing a transformation mechanism that converts
external regulatory tracking into internal obligation fulfillment.




                                                                                                                                                199
                                                                     About the Report                   Overview of J&T Express                    Sustainability Management




      Holistic Compliance Control

During the reporting period, J&T Express focuses on five core dimensions, which includes market access, data security, labor rights, integrity in
business practices, and trade fairness, to holistically deepen the implementation and execution of compliance management. By establishing a rigorous
institutional framework and empowering all employees, the Company ensures sustained compliant operations.




                                                                        Market Compliance
                                                                The Group issued and implemented compliance
                                                                guidelines and special plans for non-China
                                                                regions, and conducted in-depth assessments
                                                                of global foreign investment restrictions and
                                                                qualification risks. The measures aim to drive the
                                                                implementation of response strategies and solidify
                                                                the foundation for its global compliant operations.


                    Labor Compliance
                                                                                                                                  Data Compliance
         The Group strictly complies with labor laws in all
         operating countries and regions, issued the Human                                                               To strengthen the compliance defense line
         Rights Policy, and, through the labor union, signed                                                             in the digital era, the Group formulated
         collective agreements to safeguard employees'                                                                   relevant systems including the Data
         legitimate rights and interests. Additionally, the                                                              Compliance Management Measures and
         Company provided employer liability insurance                                                                   the Privacy Policy Management Measures.
         tailored for frontline couriers and sorters, established                                                        At the same time, the Company carried
         a sound employee recognition and care mechanism,                                                                out cybersecurity drills and information
         and translated compliance requirements into practices                                                           security and privacy training to implement
         that respect human rights.                                                                                      data compliance policies throughout the
                                                                                                                         entire business chain.




                                       Integrity Compliance
                           The Group established an institutional framework
                                                                                                      Trade Compliance
                           centered on the Guidelines for Integrity                     The Group standardized the management of facilities,
                           Supervision System and the Code of Integrity.                equipment, materials, and vehicles. It established clear
                           The Group adheres to a zero-tolerance stance                 procedures for facility leasing and lease termination,
                           against violations of business ethics, and prevents          and developed cross-border procurement guidelines,
                           related risks through a standardized investigation           workflows, and responsibility statements for equipment
                           and disciplinary mechanism and dynamic                       and materials. For vehicles, it compiled restrictions on
                           monitoring. During the reporting period, the                 cross-border procurement and introduced transportation
                           Company conducted integrity culture promotion                capacity supplier contract renewal guidelines. In
                           activities covering the Board, all employees, and            addition, the Group improved its counterparty
                           supply chain partners.                                       onboarding process to better mitigate trade risks.




200
     Environment: Green Logistics                      Social: Ingenious Service                           Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                   Appendix
      and Energy Transformation                      and People-Oriented Approach                    Governance and Strategic Leadership




     Intellectual Property Protection

As a technology, knowledge and information-intensive global enterprise, J&T Express regards intellectual property as a core strategic asset. The
Company strictly complies with the laws and regulations where it operates and invests. Through the implementation of the Group Intellectual Property
Management Policy, it both respects the intellectual achievements of others and safeguards its own trademarks, patents, and other legal rights from
infringement in a comprehensive manner.

In 2025, the Company’s intellectual property (IP) management entered a new systematic stage, with the development of an integrated management
matrix integrating global layout, compliance risk control and proactive rights protection. The Company established a global monitoring system to
proactively identify and address third-party infringement, effectively safeguarding exclusive brand rights. Additionally, the Company integrated IP
compliance into the entire business lifecycle, providing global compliance guidelines from the initial brand development stage and holding regular
special meetings to align with business needs. In partner management, the Company strictly regulated brand use and authorization processes to
ensure the safe and controllable application of IP across the upstream and downstream of the value chain. Following the Group’s unified management
guidelines, companies in various countries fully aligned with local laws to achieve precise implementation of compliance standards.




As of the end of the reporting period, J&T Express has delivered fruitful results in the field of intellectual property:




                    14
                    valid patents
                                                                      477
                                                                      software copyrights
                                                                                                                                818
                                                                                                                                valid trademarks




                    Case: Building a Systematic Protection Framework to Collaboratively Protect the Intellectual Property


      To address the intellectual property risks arising from the extensive use of trademarks, systems and commercial information in
      operations, J&T Express has established a global systematic protection framework covering legal agreements, internal policies, and
      global collaboration. First, from contract sources, the Company continuously optimized IP clauses in standard agreements (e.g., franchise
      partnerships and supplier contracts) and formulated and issued locally applicable Guidelines for Rights Protection, laying the institutional
      foundation for internal management. In December 2025, legal and compliance departments of various overseas companies completed
      a comprehensive revision and alignment of IP clauses, including those related to trademark licensing, in accordance with the Group’s
      guidelines.




Strengthening Risk Management

J&T Express attaches great importance to risk management and continuously enhances its risk management capabilities. The Company has developed
a series of governance documents, including the Internal Audit Policy and the Internal Oversight Policy. Using the COSO internal control framework
as a reference, and considering the actual business conditions of the express delivery industry as well as those of its country-level companies
and subsidiaries, the Group has built and continuously improved a systematic and comprehensive internal control and audit mechanism at both
headquarters and subsidiary levels, guided by a risk-oriented approach. Under the guidance of Group headquarters, all subsidiaries actively carry out
risk management work.



                                                                                                                                                      201
                                                                   About the Report                   Overview of J&T Express                    Sustainability Management




      Risk Control Mechanisms
J&T Express has established a systematic risk management framework with three lines of defense. The first line of defense is the core business
departments, which serve as the primary responsible units for risk management. The second line consists of functional departments that support
the core business departments in managing risks, including Finance, Legal, Compliance, Internal Control, Risk Management, Operations, Quality
Control, and Information Security. Internal Audit serves as the last line of defense, independently and objectively evaluating the company's risk
management and control outcomes, and helping the first and second lines identify gaps and drive improvements. In 2025, the Group split its Risk and
Audit function into two separate and parallel departments — the Risk Management Department and the Audit Department — to further strengthen
its risk governance mechanism. In addition to internal audit, the Group also engaged external auditors to conduct specialized audits covering finance,
information security, occupational health and safety, and related areas.

In 2025, the Company continued to use the five components of the COSO internal control framework — Control Environment, Risk Assessment,
Control Activities, Information and Communication, and Monitoring — as its primary work directions, further optimizing and strengthening the
Group's risk management system.


                                                            COSO Internal Control Framework

   Dimension                                                                          Specific Measures

                     ●
                         Conduct multiple corporate culture and value training sessions for all employees, emphasizing integrity and duty-bound values.
                     ●
                         Provide multiple risk case training sessions for core staff of various country headquarters, operational regions, and subsidiaries of the Group
      Internal           to enhance risk management awareness of all employees.
      Control        ●
                         Lead by the Group's internal control function, the Group maps out the responsibility and authority matrix and reporting workflows for
    Environment
                         managing companies’ operation in various countries. Through the establishment of a tiered authorization system and a collective decision-
                         making process with multi-party review, it effectively reduces decision-making blind spots caused by concentration of authority, and embeds
                         risk management at an earlier stage.


                     ●
                         Lead by the Group’s internal control department, the Company develops and iterates risk libraries for key business processes based on
                         country-level analyses key process segments and audit findings.
         Risk
      Assessment
                     ●
                         Overseas companies conduct self-assessments to identify, assess, categorize (high, medium, low) and respond to risks.
                     ●
                         Lead by the Group's internal control function, the Group reviews the self-assessment results of internal controls across country-level
                         companies and evaluates the effectiveness of those results.



                     ●
                         Promote the establishment of unified management systems across the Group’s business units, leveraging these systems and flowcharts to
                         regulate key control activities. We assist overseas headquarters and regional business units in refining and standardizing control forms
      Control            required for these activities, ensuring standardized guidelines for control traceability.
      Activities
                     ●
                         We embed risk management into practice by assisting business units in developing or iterating OA approval workflows—with the Group’s
                         internal control leading the identification of approver responsibilities and standardization of review/approval criteria.



                     ●
                         We have developed various reports that effectively reflect business status and risk levels. With the help of the "Report Robot" function
                         of Feishu, these reports are automatically generated and sent to relevant personnel regularly for management decision-making, ensuring
                         accuracy and efficiency.
                     ●
                         We establish a unified information release platform to accurately deliver the content of formally issued systems and notices to the intended
   Information &         audience.
   Communication
                     ●
                         Multiple business units of the Group have set up online service desks, which combine automated responses with manual answers to resolve
                         various employee inquiries in a timely manner.
                     ●
                         We use issues identified during the review of audit or internal control processes as training materials, timely aligning them across regions or
                         among overseas subsidiaries to facilitate closure of relevant risks.

                     ●
                         We use both internal and external audits to conduct regular or random evaluations on internal control implementation of various overseas
                         companies and business units.
                     ●
                         We promote the regular internal control self-assessment of core business processes such as procurement, transportation capacity, finance
      Monitoring         and human resources by the corresponding business departments, thereby front-loading the supervision and inspection of its internal control
                         implementation.
                     ●
                         The Group’s internal control takes the lead in conducting periodic reviews of key business processes to identify design and execution
                         deficiencies and works with relevant business units to address the identified issues.



202
    Environment: Green Logistics                      Social: Ingenious Service                          Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                 Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                      and People-Oriented Approach                   Governance and Strategic Leadership




                   Case: Enhancing Risk Identification Capabilities of Business and Functional Departments to Effectively Prevent Risks


      In 2025, the Group conducted audit retrospectives for its overseas companies to further identify risk points in core business processes
      such as procurement, transportation capacity, finance, and human resources. Common risks were shared to promote collective learning.
      Additionally, the Group launched the "Business Self-Inspection and Internal Control Review" initiative to continuously strengthen the risk
      management capabilities of the first line of defense, enabling overseas companies to spot similar issues via self-inspection and facilitate
      risk closure.

      In addition, the Group further strengthened the risk management capabilities of finance departments across its country-level companies. It
      developed detective control procedures and checklists that finance personnel can directly participate in. These focus on key process nodes
      where risks such as waste, negligence, and fraud may arise. Finance professionals are involved at these nodes to identify, intercept, and
      flag risk items at an early stage, effectively preventing the corresponding risks from materializing.




     Site Risk Management

In 2025, the Group further optimized its site risk management mechanism. Building on the existing site audit team within the audit function, we
integrated site audit priorities into the daily management of business units. Together with the operations department, we finalized key inspection
checklists covering on-site operations, site safety, integrity compliance, and standardization. We also aligned operations inspection plans with the audit
team's random review protocols. For site risk management, we underscored the importance of business units in performing their role as the first line of
defense, and established review mechanisms for the second and third lines of defense to mitigate operational site risks.




                                                                                                                                                     203
                                                             About the Report              Overview of J&T Express               Sustainability Management




Upholding Business Ethics

J&T Express has always adhered to business ethics and established a global business ethics governance system that combines top-level planning
by the Group headquarter with localized implementation by companies in various countries. In terms of institutional development, the Group has
formed a multi-dimensional management framework covering anti-corruption, fair competition, supply chain compliance, and trade secret protection.
Differentiated management guidelines are implemented for different internal and external stakeholders. While adhering to Group policies, companies
in various countries have carried out targeted awareness and education activities in line with local laws and regulations. These efforts ensure that
compliance management is deeply embedded across all business segments, and help safeguard the Company's business integrity and regulatory
compliance.




      Integrity Management Mechanism

The Company has established a supervision system with clearly defined powers and responsibilities. Through multi-department collaboration, it
achieves early warning and closed-loop handling of integrity-related risks. Within this system, each function plays a distinct role. Group Supervision
takes the lead, responsible for drafting policies, overseeing implementation, and investigating and resolving violations. The Legal & Compliance
Department oversees system-wide implementation and provides professional compliance advice. The Human Resource & Administration Department
manages personnel matters for those involved and enforces disciplinary actions. Management personnel at all levels carry out integrity awareness
initiatives and apply the relevant policies within their areas of authority.

Moreover, J&T Express strictly complies with integrity-related laws and regulations in the countries and regions where it operates and invests. At the
Group headquarter, an integrity management system has been established, centered on the Guidelines for the Group Integrity Supervision System, the
Code of Integrity, the Group Conflict-of-Interest Management Measures, and the Management of Gift Acceptance. The system adopts differentiated
approaches for internal employees, external suppliers, and other stakeholders. During onboarding, all new employees must sign the Integrity
Commitment Letter. In partner integrity management, the Company incorporates anti-corruption and anti-bribery requirements into the cooperation
access mechanism. In 2025, the Group issued the Code of Business Partner Conduct. For partners who have not signed or refuse to sign relevant
commitment documents, the Company strictly enforces cooperation restrictions, and prohibits establishing or continuing partnerships with such
business entities. Under the Group framework, companies in various countries develop and implement specific compliance systems aligned with local
laws to ensure that integrity management is embedded into business operations. Furthermore, the Company regularly conducts employee conflict-
of-interest surveys to prevent the risk of interest transfer from the source. Through sound system construction, clear division of responsibilities, and
rigorous supervision, business ethics are internalized as a core competitiveness of the enterprise.




                 The Company has also established a supporting reporting and feedback mechanism. A multi-channel reporting
                 platform is available—including email, dedicated hotlines, and Feishu Subscription Accounts—with strict
                 confidentiality maintained for whistleblowers’ identity information. The Company adheres to a "zero-tolerance"
                 attitude and takes decisive action against any corruption acts discovered.


                 During the reporting period, the Group received   356            complaints and reports through its channels, with


                 an   80%             closure rate. Unresolved cases are    being actively followed up and
                 processed.



204
    Environment: Green Logistics                       Social: Ingenious Service                            Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                    Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                       and People-Oriented Approach                     Governance and Strategic Leadership




    Integrity Training Empowerment

J&T Express is committed to building a normalized and multi-level                   The Group provided special training sessions on anti-money laundering,
integrity education system, aiming to transform compliance awareness                counter-terrorism financing, and anti-corruption for directors and senior
into the conscious actions of employees and strengthen the cultural                 management, achieving



                                                                                    100%
foundation of ethical operations. To this end, we have established an
integrity training network covering decision-makers, executives, and
                                                                                                        coverage
external partners. The Group provided special training sessions on anti-
money laundering, counter-terrorism financing, and anti-corruption for
directors and senior management, achieving 100% coverage. For all
employees, integrity system training sessions were provided covering
over 89,000 employees during the reporting period. Compliance                       For all employees, integrity system training sessions were provided
empowerment extends to the supply chain by offering business                        covering over



                                                                                    89,000
ethics compliance training sessions for suppliers and systematically
introducing external reporting processes. Meanwhile, companies in
various countries also held special training sessions tailored to local                                          employees during the reporting period
business needs on anti-trade secret leakage and competition law norms
to ensure global operation compliance.




                   Case: Value Chain Co-construction—Deepening Compliance Awareness Among Franchisee Partners


      In December 2025, the Company launched an online special training program on "Integrity and Compliance" for franchisee employees.
      During the training, franchisee employees watched integrity publicity videos and made integrity commitments, and also gained an in-
      depth understanding of J&T Express's business ethics requirements, the consequences of violations and reporting channels. As of the end
      of the reporting period, the special training had covered more than 36,000 person-times in total, and related publicity and empowerment
      initiatives have been continuously advanced as part
      of routine efforts. J&T Express is committed to
      comprehensively enhancing the integrity awareness
      and governance level of third-party partners through
      such initiatives to build a transparent, honest, and fair
      logistics cooperation ecosystem through joint efforts.


      The special training had covered more than



      36,000                       person-times in total
                                                                                     Compliance Management Training for Franchisee




                   Case: Deepening Local Compliance Alignment and Building a Clean Business Environment


      To enhance employees' understanding of anti-monopoly and anti-unfair competition laws and regulations, we launched the "Legal &
      Talks - Integrity Week" program in Brazil in September 2025, focusing on in-depth empowerment for conflict-of-interest management
      and supplier relationship management. In December 2025, we officially issued the Code of Conduct for Suppliers and the Anti-Corruption
      Policy in Brazil, achieving full alignment between group compliance systems and local laws. Through parallel efforts in education
      and system building, the Company comprehensively strengthened the business ethics defense line in the Brazilian market, providing a
      guarantee for stable and fair local operations.



                                                                                                                                                         205
                                                                 About the Report                 Overview of J&T Express                 Sustainability Management




      Integrity Investigation

The Company has built a rigorous anti-corruption fortress to systematically prevent unethical business behaviors such as embezzlement and bribery.
The Group Supervision Department, supported by a standardized, compliant internal investigation and disciplinary mechanism, conducts periodic
special investigations into internal theft, bribery, and conflict-of-interest violations, adhering to a "zero-tolerance" attitude toward any acts that violate
business ethics. To ensure transparency and fairness, the Company formulated the Internal Supervision System to establish a standardized process
from violation reporting and lead investigation to warning and disciplinary actions. While enforcing accountability, we focus on learning from cases
to implement improvements, such as loss recovery, process optimization, and management accountability, ensuring integrity compliance permeates all
business lines of the Group.




                                                                             Disciplinary
                                                                             Notification
                                   Enforcement
                                                                                                                        Disciplinary
                                  of Monitoring
                                                                                                                        Supervision
                                     Results




       Reporting
                                                                  Integrity Supervision Procedure
      Reception and                                                                                                                                 Filing and
      Investigation                                                                                                                                 Archiving




The Company enforces a whistleblower protection policy that strictly maintains the confidentiality of whistleblowers' identities and the content of
their reports. Any form of retaliation is strictly prohibited, ensuring that the lawful rights and interests of whistleblowers are effectively safeguarded.




            Security and                                                                                                                 Professional
                                                  Zero Tolerance for                        Exemption for Good-
           Confidentiality                                                                                                             Investigation and
                                                     Retaliation                              Faith Reporting
            Mechanism                                                                                                                      Handling


    Employees can choose to                 Any direct or indirect                    Employees who report                      A professional team of
    report anonymously or in                retaliation against                       in good faith or on a                     highly disciplined and
    real names at their own                 whistleblowers or                         reasonable basis but with                 independent investigators
    discretion. All reports are             investigators is strictly                 incomplete information will               is set up to conduct fair and
    handled confidentially and              prohibited and will be                    be exempted from liability                independent reviews of all
    evaluated in a protected                severely dealt with.                      by the Company.                           reported cases, followed by
    manner.                                                                                                                     appropriate follow-up or
                                                                                                                                corrective actions to ensure
                                                                                                                                that violations are handled
                                                                                                                                in a timely manner.




206
    Environment: Green Logistics                      Social: Ingenious Service                               Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                            Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                      and People-Oriented Approach                        Governance and Strategic Leadership




Information Security and Privacy Protection
In the context of digital global operations, J&T Express regards information security and privacy protection as lifelines for sustainable development.
We have established a global governance architecture with clear responsibilities and efficient collaboration, ensuring strict compliance in global
operations through information security systems and risk control mechanisms covering the entire business chain. While embracing advanced
technologies like AI to drive digital transformation, the Company adheres to data security red lines and protects user data and privacy through periodic
audits and employee awareness empowerment, striving to build a safe, transparent, and trustworthy digital logistics ecosystem. During the reporting
period, no major information security or customer privacy leakage incidents occurred in the Group.




     Information Security Management System
J&T Express has established a dual-layer information security management architecture at the group level, comprising an oversight layer and an
implementation layer. The Information Security and Privacy Protection Team, led by a Group Vice President as team leader, with directors of core
departments as team members, is responsible for global overall management. Its main functions include the overall scheduling and allocation of
resources to ensure the efficient operation of the management system. Group functional departments and relevant departments of subsidiaries are
tasked with the specific implementation work, including the closed-loop implementation and daily maintenance of specific security measures to ensure
the achievement of the Company's security objectives.

                                                J&T Express Information Security Governance Framework




     Overall
                                                                Information Security & Privacy Protection Working
   Management                                                                         Group
     Layer




                             Group Technology                                      Group Risk Control                                         Group Marketing
                                                   Group Legal Team                                           Group Audit Team
                                R&D Team                                                 Team                                                      Team

   Implementation
       Layer
                               Country-level       Country-level Legal             Country-level Risk        Country-level Audit               Country-level
                             Technology Teams            Teams                      Control Teams                  Teams                      Marketing Teams




J&T Express strictly complies with information security and privacy protection laws and regulations in the countries and regions where it operates
and invests, and has established a systematic and comprehensive institutional framework at the group level, encompassing core policies such as the
Measures for the Management of Information Security Risk Assessment, Measures for the Management of Personal Information Impact Assessment,
Measures for the Management of Privacy Policies, Measures for the Management of Data Compliance, and Specifications for Data Classification,
Grading, and Security Management. These policies regulate the entire process of custody, use, and modification of data assets, strengthening the
protection of personal information security and effectively preventing related risks at the source. In 2025, the Company issued the Specification for
Security Management of External Data Output, clarifying data processing requirements when collaborating with external parties to further reinforce
the boundaries of data circulation. Furthermore, for specific operational scenarios such as sorting centers, the Company issued the Specification
for Security Operation and Maintenance of Industrial Control Systems in Sorting Centers to specifically guard against external cyber-attacks and
effectively ensure the stable operation of key production systems.

In terms of system certification, the Company aligns with international standards and actively promotes the global layout of the certification system.
As of the end of the reporting period, a total of 8 countries including China, Indonesia, Thailand, the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Singapore and
Brazil have obtained the ISO 27001 Information Security Management System certification. Among them, we have also obtained the ISO 27701
Privacy Information Management System certification in China, meeting international standards in privacy protection management capabilities.


                                                                                                                                                                207
                                                              About the Report               Overview of J&T Express              Sustainability Management




      Information and Cybersecurity Safeguarding Mechanisms

J&T Express is dedicated to ensuring the security and compliance of its information processing activities, continuously strengthening its information
security management capabilities to effectively safeguard data security. The Company embeds security and compliance requirements deeply into
the full lifecycle of business operations and system development through standardized security baseline management and multi-layered technical
protection. We continuously enhance the resilience of our security management through a defense-in-depth architecture, live-fire offensive
and defensive drills, and multi-dimensional compliance audits — effectively protecting user privacy and data security, and ensuring the stable,
uninterrupted operation of our global business across complex network environments.




        Strengthening the                         Building a                           Conducting Fire                       Strengthening
         Global Security                        Comprehensive                           Offensive and                    Internal and External
            Baseline                            Defense Shield                         Defensive Drills                     Audit Oversight




   We continuously iterate on            We have deployed a defense-             We have adopted an "offense-          We have established a
   a unified global security             in-depth architecture spanning          driven defense" exercise              dual oversight framework
   baseline standard, covering           network perimeters, internal            model, using routine red-             combining internal and
   the full lifecycle from               traffic, and host containers.           blue team adversarial drills to       external audits. Throughout
   infrastructure to business            By integrating Single Sign-             sharpen emergency response            the year, in-depth internal
   scenarios. Through targeted           On (SSO), Multi-Factor                  capabilities. Combined with           audits are conducted on a
   governance and ongoing                Authentication (MFA), and               our vulnerability management          routine basis covering core
   monitoring, we ensure that            other core infrastructure               framework, we ensure that             business scenarios, while
   all companies in each country         components, we strictly                 potential security risks follow       independent third parties
   consistently raise their              enforce the principle of least          a complete closed-loop                are engaged to carry out
   security standards, further           privilege to achieve granular           lifecycle — from discovery            specialized IT audits and
   solidifying the security              access control across all               and review through to                 due diligence. In response
   foundation for our global             network assets.                         remediation.                          to the identified risk
   operations.                                                                                                         points, promptly initiate
                                                                                                                       special rectification and
                                                                                                                       accountability measures
                                                                                                                       to drive the continuous
                                                                                                                       iteration of safety governance
                                                                                                                       capabilities. In 2025, a
                                                                                                                       total of 9 internal audits
                                                                                                                       and 10 external audits were
                                                                                                                       completed.




      Customer Privacy Protection
The Company strictly complies with the laws and regulations on personal information protection in countries and regions where it operates, and has
built a routine management system encompassing proactive risk identification, privacy compliance detection, and platform-based monitoring. We
insist on embedding compliance assessments into the entire business lifecycle and proactively advancing management checkpoints to ensure the
synergistic development of data security and business operations.

In both business operations and mobile applications, the Company consistently adheres to seven core principles: accountability, purpose specification,
consent-based data collection, data minimization, transparency, security measures, and individual participation. In terms of institutional safeguards, in
2025, the Company enhanced management systems covering the complete data lifecycle—from collection, transmission, and storage to use, sharing,
and destruction—ensuring that all personal information protection activities are rule-based. In automated compliance management, we strengthen
privacy protection capabilities and enhance automated compliance management through sustained technology investment.


208
    Environment: Green Logistics                      Social: Ingenious Service                        Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                               Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                      and People-Oriented Approach                 Governance and Strategic Leadership




    Further upgrade the risk control platform by          Upgrading of
    systematically accumulating and institutionalizing    Risk Control
                                                           Platform                               Continuously strengthen privacy compliance
    security operation experience from core business                                              detection for mobile applications through real-
    scenarios, solidifying strategy models, and improving                                         time monitoring of internal operations and system
    strategic operational levels. This significantly                                              anomalies, and ensure that permission calls and
    strengthens user data security while ensuring                                    Privacy
                                                                                   Compliance     data flows remain under controlled conditions.
    business process compliance.                                                    Detection




The Company respects and safeguards users' control over their personal information, ensuring the right to know through clear privacy policies and
device permission pop-ups. A convenient rights response mechanism is established to accept and handle user requests for querying, correcting, and
deleting personal information within legally prescribed time limits. Additionally, the Company conducts regular internal compliance audits and third-
party security assessments, and addresses identified risk points with targeted reinforcement for a continuous closed-loop optimization.




    Enhancement of Information Security Awareness
The Company makes multi-dimensional efforts in the promotion and training of information security awareness, and integrates the construction of
information security culture into its daily management processes.


  Publicity and promotion:

  Through internal subscription accounts such as "Information Security Assistant" and "Information Technology Assistant", the Group headquarters
  pushed a total of 28 issues of information security-themed content throughout the year in forms of initiative articles, hot event interpretations, and
  so on, continuously strengthening employees' baseline information security awareness.

  Specialized training:

  The companies in various countries have conducted diversified information security training
  sessions tailored to local conditions, covering core topics such as compliant signing of
  confidentiality agreements, interpretation of local privacy laws and regulations, and personal
  privacy management, which have effectively improved employees' understanding and
  implementation of local compliance requirements. During the reporting period, the Company
  conducted 50 information security-related training sessions worldwide, covering more than 15,000
  person-time in total.
  Practical drills:

  The Group organized diverse security drill activities including live network attack-defense
  exercises and phishing email simulation tests. These exercises effectively enhanced all employees'
  capability to identify information security risks, while simultaneously strengthening the efficiency
                                                                                                                      Information Security
  of cross-departmental coordination in responding to security incidents. This approach facilitates
                                                                                                                      Promotional Posters
  the transformation of security prevention capabilities from awareness building to practical skills.


Under the guidance of the Group, companies in various countries have responded positively
and carried out diversified information security training and capability improvement activities
tailored to local conditions. In Indonesia, we carried out regular special promotion activities on
personal information security covering a total of nearly 6,000 person-times, effectively guiding
local employees to transform compliance awareness into standardized business operations. In the
Philippines, we conducted specialized training on data privacy protection for all employees. Through
an in-depth analysis of the legal definition of personal data, compliance boundaries, and legal
consequences arising from data breaches, the program enhanced employees' capability to identify
data privacy risks while strengthening cross-departmental emergency response coordination.



                                                                                                                                                   209
                                                                              About the Report                     Overview of J&T Express                      Sustainability Management




Appendix
This Report, as the third Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report released by J&T Global Limited (hereinafter referred to as "J&T",
"J&T Express", the "Company", the "Group" or "we", Stock Code: 01519.HK), aims to comprehensively and objectively disclose the Company's
management approaches, practical measures and performance in the field of sustainable development, and to respond to the concerns and expectations
of stakeholders.


        Environmental Performance
Use of Energy1

    Indicators                                         Unit                                               2023                                 2024                               2025

    Direct Energy Consumption2

    Natural gas (gaseous) 3                       Cubic Meters                                       56,770.00                             64,228.36                        127,794.50

    Liquefied petroleum gas3                          tonnes                                                4.70                                  4.67                             14.10
                              2
    Liquefied natural gas                             tonnes                                           9,930.34                            43,073.67                        108,681.78

    Gasoline2                                         tonnes                                         11,378.93                             10,079.94                          12,794.29

    Diesel2                                           tonnes                                        200,022.45                           255,104.57                         278,918.66

    Urea                                              tonnes                                         16,089.52                             17,147.27                          15,854.86

    Indirect Energy Consumption

    Total purchased electricity2                       MWh                                          573,441.91                           498,768.36                         587,882.70

    Total purchased heat                                 GJ                                          17,821.74                             17,692.97                          16,996.77

    Energy Consumption by Primary Energy Source2

    Fuel consumption                                   MWh                                       2,650,356.64                          3,671,321.41                       5,015,522.03

    Purchased energy
                                                       MWh                                          578,392.39                           503,683.08                         592,601.41
    consumption

    Total energy consumption                           MWh                                       3,228,749.04                          4,175,004.49                       5,608,123.44

    Clean Energy and Renewable Energy Consumption

    Total solar power generation                       MWh                                             2,503.21                            40,990.81                          47,224.81

    Clean energy consumption
    (solar power and natural                           MWh                                          145,099.61                           497,290.82                       1,570,661.14
    gas)

    Operational Energy Consumption Intensity

    Fuel consumption intensity            MWh/USD10,000 revenue                                             3.00                                  3.58                              4.13

    Purchased energy
                                          MWh/USD10,000 revenue                                             0.65                                  0.49                              0.49
    consumption intensity



1
    The scope of the statistics is J&T Express’s global business, which includes the office areas and sorting centers of operating companies in 13 countries.
2
    In 2025, the global business of J&T Express continues to expand, and clean fuel vehicles continue to be invested. The consumption of liquefied natural gas (LNG), gasoline, diesel,
    purchased electricity, as well as corresponding fuel consumption, purchased energy consumption, total energy consumption, and fuel consumption intensity have all increased.
3
    Natural gas (gaseous) and liquefied petroleum gas are mainly consumed by own canteens in China and other countries.



210
        Environment: Green Logistics                                 Social: Ingenious Service                                   Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                              Appendix
         and Energy Transformation                                 and People-Oriented Approach                            Governance and Strategic Leadership




Exhaust Gas Emissions1

    Indicators                                                                          Unit                                    2023                      2024                 2025

    Particulate Matter (PM) emissions2                                                 tonnes                                 330.00                    449.33               629.54

    Nitrogen Oxides (NOx) emissions2                                                   tonnes                              4,589.79                   6,115.96             8,141.63

    Sulphur Oxides (SOx) emissions2                                                    tonnes                                    4.06                       5.11                5.56

    Total exhaust gas emissions                                                        tonnes                              4,923.85                   6,570.39             8,776.73

1
    The scope of the statistics is J&T Express’s global business, which includes the office areas and sorting centers of operating companies in 13 countries.
2
    The selection factors and calculation formulae for particulate matter, nitrogen oxides and sulphur oxides emissions refer to the “Environmental Key Performance Indicators Reporting
    Guide” of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.




Waste Management

    Indicators                                                                          Unit                                    2023                      2024                 2025

    Total Hazardous Waste Generated                                                  Kilograms                            71,070.00                  65,820.00           25,280.77

    Total General Waste Generated                                                    Kilograms                        6,642,890.00               6,049,970.00        2,637,885.73

    Hazardous Waste Emission Intensity                                      kg/USD10,000 Revenue                                 0.08                       0.06                0.02

    General Waste Emission Intensity                                        kg/USD10,000 Revenue                                 7.51                       5.90                2.17




Water Resource Management

    Indicators                                                                          Unit                                    2023                      2024                 2025

    Total Water Consumption (by Source)                                            Cubic Meters                       2,471,015.00               3,350,592.00        4,012,774.19


    Of which: Municipal Water Supply                                               Cubic Meters                       2,441,576.00               3,331,782.00        3,986,838.53


    Of which: Groundwater                                                          Cubic Meters                            5,043.00                  17,938.00           25,935.66

                                                                           Cubic Meters/USD10,000
    Water Consumption Intensity                                                                                                  2.79                       3.27                3.30
                                                                                  Revenue




                                                                                                                                                                                  211
                                                                             About the Report                      Overview of J&T Express                       Sustainability Management




Packaging Materials Management1

    Indicators                                                                         Unit                                   2023                       2024                      2025

    Paper waybills                                                                    tonnes                             21,116.64                   26,124.52                41,809.22

    Sealing tags                                                                      tonnes                                  46.26                    564.67                  1,177.92

    Total amount of waterproof bags                                                   tonnes                                364.34                    4,510.41                 6,760.85

    Waterproof bags and woven bags                                                    tonnes                                322.84                    4,442.63                 6,559.28

    Fully degradable waterproof bags                                                  tonnes                                  41.50                     67.78                    201.57

    Proportion of fully degradable waterproof bags                                       %                                    11.39                       1.50                      2.98

    Total amount of tapes                                                             tonnes                                425.68                     972.05                  2,167.68

    Tapes                                                                             tonnes                                418.55                     946.85                  1,802.87

    Degradable tapes                                                                  tonnes                                   7.13                     25.20                    364.82

    Proportion of degradable tapes                                                       %                                     1.67                       2.59                     16.83

    File envelopes                                                                    tonnes                                  35.18                     90.58                    624.63

    Reusable bags and reusable boxes                                                  tonnes                              4,555.31                    3,808.26                 4,301.65

    Box No. 52                                                                        tonnes                                       /                         /                   306.93

    Total amount of packaging materials                                               tonnes                            26,543.41                    36,070.49                56,841.96

    Intensity of Packaging Material                                         tonnes/Million Parcels                             0.88                       1.20                      1.89

1
    All indicator data in packaging materials are the procurement quantities recorded by the Company.
2
    Box No. 5 is a new statistical indicator for 2025.



Environmental Compliance1

    Indicators                                                                                    Unit                           2023                     2024                     2025

    Amounts subject to criminal liability or penalties imposed by
    environmental-related competent authorities due to environmental                            US Dollar                              /                         /          184,704.00
    incidents during the reporting period

1
    After receiving the penalty notice, the company attached great importance to it, quickly launched the rectification mechanism, actively implemented various rectification measures, and
    fully paid the relevant fines in accordance with regulations. By the end of the reporting period, all rectification work had been successfully completed.




Greenhouse Gas Emissions

    Indicators                                                                                              Unit                             2023                2024              2025

    Scope 1 GHG emissions1                                                                               10kt CO2e                           68.97            96.51              121.65

    Scope 2 GHG emissions2                                                                               10kt CO2e                           30.04            26.62                31.96

    Total GHG emissions (Scope 1 + Scope 2)                                                              10kt CO2e                           99.01          123.13               153.60


212
        Environment: Green Logistics                                 Social: Ingenious Service                                   Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                     Appendix
         and Energy Transformation                                 and People-Oriented Approach                            Governance and Strategic Leadership




    Indicators                                                                                                Unit                            2023                2024                2025

    GHG emission intensity (Scope 1 + Scope 2) (by revenue)                                    tCO2e/ USD10,000 revenue                        1.12                1.20                1.26

    Scope 3 Total GHG emissions3                                                                          10kt CO2e                          64.89               143.81             156.92

    Category 1: Purchased Goods and Services (Express Packaging) 4                                        10kt CO2e                            5.68                7.87              12.43

    Category 2: Capital Goods5                                                                            10kt CO2e                            0.23                3.46              50.38

    Category 3: Fuel and energy-related activities (not included in
                                                                                                          10kt CO2e                          13.54                16.96              36.30
    Scope 1 and Scope 2) 6

    Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution (with third
                                                                                                          10kt CO2e                          45.08               115.43              54.85
    parties providing the transportation capacity) 7

    Category 6: Business Travel8                                                                          10kt CO2e                            0.12                0.09                2.97

    Including: Yunyi Transportation9

    Total GHG emissions (Scope 1)                                                                         10kt CO2e                          54.67                75.46              80.08

    GHG emission intensity (Scope 1)                                                               tCO2e/Million Parcels                     57.27                55.07              51.34




1
    The scope of the statistics is J&T Express’s global business, which includes the office areas and sorting centers of operating companies in 13 countries. Among them, the emission
    factor within China is calculated based on the methods and data in the "Guidelines for the Preparation of Provincial Greenhouse Gas Inventories (2025 Edition)" and "Guidelines for
    the Accounting and Reporting of Greenhouse Gas Emissions from Land Transport Enterprises (Trial)". The corresponding emission factors for other countries outside of China are all
    from the International Energy Agency (IEA) Emission Factors Package (December 2025 version).
2
    The scope of the statistics is J&T Express’s global business, which includes the office areas and sorting centers of operating companies in 13 countries. For GHG emissions generated
    from purchased electricity, in China, based on the announcement of the Ministry of Ecology and Environment of the People's Republic of China on the Release of Carbon Dioxide
    Emission Factors for Electric Power in 2023, the grid emission factor is taken as 0.5306 tCO2e/MWh. The corresponding emission factors for other countries outside of China are all
    from the International Energy Agency (IEA) Emission Factors Package (December 2025 version).
3
    Upon identification and analysis, J&T Express has determined that the key GHG emissions in Scope 3 cover Categories 3 and 4. Due to rounding during the data calculation process,
    the total GHG emissions in Scope 3 is not equal to the sum of the data for various categories in 2023.
4
    The statistical scope covers the upstream emissions (from cradle to gate) of express packaging required for the operation of J&T Express’s business. Due to business development, the
    procurement of packaging materials has increased, leading to an increase in GHG emissions in this category this year. The emission factor source used for this category is the China
    Products Carbon Footprint Factors Database (CPCD).
5
    The statistical scope covers J&T Express Group and its headquarters in China. The increase this year is mainly due to the addition of new building assets. The GHG emissions are
    sourced from the China Products Carbon Footprint Factors Database (CPCD).
6
    The statistical scope covers all upstream emissions (from cradle to gate) of fuel and energy purchased by J&T Express’s global business. The increase in this year is mainly due to the
    further expansion of coverage. The data range for the previous year was fuel (gasoline, diesel) purchased by J&T Express’s global business. The data range for this year is fuel (gasoline,
    diesel, natural gas, liquefied natural gas, liquefied petroleum gas) and energy (purchased electricity, purchased heat) purchased by J&T Express’s global business.
7
    The statistical scope covers J&T Express’s global business, including the fuel consumed by third-party transportation capacity vehicles in the office areas and sorting centers of
    operating companies in 13 countries.
8
    The statistical scope covers GHG emissions generated by business travel of employees in J&T Express Group, the headquarter and agency areas in China. The data sources are third-
    party business travel service provider Ctrip Travel (including airplanes, trains, and vehicles) and Z-trip Business Management (including airplanes). The increase in this year is mainly
    due to the further expansion of statistical scope and coverage. The data scope of the previous year includes employees of J&T Express Group and its headquarter in China, while the
    statistical scope of this year includes J&T Express Group, the headquarter and agency areas in China. The data range for the previous year only included airplanes, while the data range
    for third-party business travel service provider Ctrip Travel this year has been expanded to include scenarios such as airplanes, trains, and vehicles.
9
    The statistics scope is the self-operated line-haul fleet of J&T Express in China. The decrease in GHG emissions intensity this year is mainly due to the increase in China's parcel
    volume, as well as the company's continuous investment in liquefied natural gas (LNG) vehicles and strengthening vehicle fuel consumption management.




                                                                                                                                                                                         213
                                                              About the Report                 Overview of J&T Express                 Sustainability Management




      Corporate Governance Performance
Anti-Corruption

 Indicators                                                                                      Unit                     2023          2024             2025

 Number of Board members                                                                         Count                       7               7                7

 Number of concluded corruption litigation cases filed against the issuer or its
                                                                                                 Count                      18              12               11
 employees during the reporting period

 Person-time of employee participation in anti-corruption related training sessions           Person-time                58,986       94,146            89,863

 Total hours of anti-corruption training received by employees                                   Hour                    26,499       31,355            48,687

 Average hours of anti-corruption training received per employee                             Hour/person                   0.45          0.33              0.54

 Number of directors participating in anti-corruption related training                           Count                       7               7                7

 Percentage of Board members covered by anti-corruption training                                   %                       100              100            100

 Total hours of anti-corruption training received by all directors                               Hour                        7               11              11

 Average hours of anti-corruption training received per director                             Hour/person                     1              1.5             1.5




      Social Performance
Employment

 Indicators                                                                           Unit                      2023                2024                 2025

 Employment

 Total number of direct employees                                                     Count                  149,186              156,851             217,241

 Number of male employees                                                             Count                  115,900              123,983             170,508

 Number of female employees                                                           Count                   33,286               32,868              46,733

 Number of employees under 30 years old                                               Count                   84,455               86,188             118,111

 Number of employees aged 30-50 years old                                             Count                   62,935               68,702              96,477

 Number of employees over 50 years old                                                Count                     1,796               1,961                2,653

 Number of employees working in China1                                                Count                     8,964               6,686                7,366

 Number of employees working in Southeast Asian countries2                            Count                  129,001              140,702             197,535

 Number of employees working in newly expanded markets3                               Count                   11,221                9,463              12,340

 Employee Turnover Rates

 Overall employee turnover rate                                                        %                        26.84               43.46                38.20

 Male employee turnover rate                                                           %                        26.38               41.17                38.30




214
        Environment: Green Logistics                               Social: Ingenious Service                                Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                             Appendix
         and Energy Transformation                               and People-Oriented Approach                         Governance and Strategic Leadership




    Indicators                                                                                         Unit                      2023                   2024                  2025

    Female employee turnover rate                                                                        %                       28.41                  47.44                 39.10

    Turnover rate of employees under 30 years old                                                        %                       28.75                  45.43                 38.20

    Turnover rate of employees aged 30-50 years old                                                      %                       24.26                  40.77                 38.80

    Turnover rate of employees over 50 years old                                                         %                       21.87                  34.54                 45.20

    Employee turnover rate in China                                                                      %                       19.30                  38.70                 27.90

    Employee turnover rate in Southeast Asian countries                                                  %                       36.23                  39.00                 37.70

    Employee turnover rate in newly expanded markets                                                     %                       52.37                  57.00                 49.40

1
    Including Chinese Mainland, Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR and the Taiwan region.
2
    Including Indonesia, Thailand, the Philippines, Malaysia, Singapore, Vietnam and Cambodia.
3
    Including Brazil, Mexico, Egypt, the UAE and Saudi Arabia.




Employee Training and Development1

    Indicators                                                                                         Unit                      2023                   2024                  2025

    Employee training coverage rate                                                                      %                       83.35                  77.85                 84.32

    Proportion of male employees covered by training                                                     %                       76.13                  71.04                 83.79

    Proportion of female employees covered by training2                                                  %                       82.85                  70.00                 86.21

    Proportion of frontline employees covered by training                                                %                       83.25                  77.71                 87.89

    Proportion of middle management employees covered by training                                        %                       86.53                  86.74                 94.42

    Proportion of senior management employees covered by training                                        %                       91.29                  92.23                   100

    Average training hours per employee                                                                Hour                       8.20                      8.04              31.63

    Average training hours per male employee                                                           Hour                       8.39                      8.12              25.22

    Average training hours per female employee                                                         Hour                       7.56                      7.72              35.37

    Average training hours per frontline employee                                                      Hour                       7.66                      7.96              27.72

    Average training hours per middle management employee                                              Hour                      27.61                  12.84                 19.06

    Average training hours per senior management employee                                              Hour                      16.15                  16.26                 25.52


1
    In 2025, we continued to invest in employee training and expanded the "Sands Talk" training platform to more country operations, resulting in increased training coverage rates and
    average hours.
2
    In 2025, we optimized the calculation formula for training coverage rate and restated the proportion of female employees covered by training for 2023 and 2024 based on the new
    formula.




                                                                                                                                                                                 215
                                                                            About the Report                    Overview of J&T Express                     Sustainability Management




Occupational Health and Safety

    Indicators                                                                                     Unit                          2023                   2024                   2025

    Number of safety training and education sessions                                              Count                         15,281                57,464                 27,037

    Person-time of participations in safety training                                           Person-time                    743,018             1,089,974              1,469,232

    Number of employee deaths due to work-related injuries                                        Count                              22                     18                    17

    Proportion of employee deaths due to work-related injuries                                       %                           0.015                  0.012                0.0078

    Lost workdays due to work-related injuries                                                      Day                         56,321                47,328                 15,224




Supplier Management

    Indicators                                                                                      Unit                           2023                  2024                  2025

    Total number of suppliers                                                                      Count                          2,838                 2,992                 4,948

    Number of suppliers in Chinese Mainland                                                        Count                            902                    627                   987

    Number of suppliers in Hong kong SAR, Macao SAR, the Taiwan
                                                                                                   Count                          1,936                 2,365                 4,107
    region and overseas regions

    Proportion of new suppliers signing the Business Partner Code of
                                                                                                      %                               98                   100                   100
    Conduct in China

    Number of global suppliers signing the Business Partner Code of
                                                                                                   Count                          1,128                 1,538                 1,512
    Conduct/Integrity Commitment Letter

    Proportion of global suppliers signing the Business Partner Code of
                                                                                                      %                               40                    51                    31
    Conduct/Integrity Commitment Letter



Product and Service

    Indicators                                                                                      Unit                          2023                   2024                  2025

    Number of complaints received regarding products and services1                                 Count                          8,073                35,637              424,706


    Complaint resolution rate                                                                         %                             100                   100                    100

    Total number of violations of laws and regulations in marketing and
                                                                                                   Count                                  0                  0                      0
    promotion

    Number of incidents violating regulations related to customer
                                                                                                   Count                                  0                  0                      0
    privacy protection

1
    The statistics for complaint numbers and complaint resolution rate cover J&T's operations in China, with data sourced from the China Postal Industry Appeal Service Platform system.
    The State Post Bureau of China expanded the statistical scope for all express delivery companies starting from November 2024, resulting in an increase in complaint numbers for 2025
    compared to 2024.




216
    Environment: Green Logistics                             Social: Ingenious Service                                 Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                         Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                             and People-Oriented Approach                          Governance and Strategic Leadership




    Index of ESG Reporting Code by The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
    Limited

A. Environmental

Aspect                                       Subject Areas, General Disclosures and Key Performance Indicators                                                            Section

                            General disclosure: Information on the policies and compliance with relevant laws and regulations
                                                                                                                                                  Implementing Environmental
                            that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to air emissions, discharges into water and land,
                                                                                                                                                                Management
                            and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste
                                                                                                                                                  Implementing Environmental
                            A1.1: The types of emissions and respective emissions data.
                                                                                                                                                                Management

                            A1.2 Direct (Scope 1) and Indirect (Scope 2) energy greenhouse gas emissions and intensity                  Appendix- Greenhouse Gas Emissions

A1: Emissions
                            A1.3 Total hazardous waste produced and intensity                                                                   Appendix-Wastes Management


                            A1.4 Total non-hazardous waste produced and intensity                                                               Appendix-Wastes Management

                                                                                                                                                  Implementing Environmental
                            A1.5 Description of emission target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.
                                                                                                                                                                Management
                            A1.6 Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a description of                          Implementing Environmental
                            reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.                                                                            Management
                                                                                                                                                  Implementing Environmental
                            General Disclosure: Policies on the efficient use of resources
                                                                                                                                                                Management

                            A2.1 Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type in total and intensity                                         Appendix - Use of Resources

                                                                                                                                                       Appendix - Water Resource
                            A2.2 Water consumption in total and intensity
                                                                                                                                                                    Management
A2: Use of Resources
                                                                                                                                                  Implementing Environmental
                            A2.3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.
                                                                                                                                                                Management
                            A2.4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water                       Implementing Environmental
                            efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.                                                                           Management
                                                                                                                                               Appendix - Packaging Materials
                            A2.5 Total packaging material used for finished products
                                                                                                                                                                Management
                            General Disclosure: Policies on minimizing the issuer’s significant impacts on the environment and                    Implementing Environmental
A3:The Environment          natural resources                                                                                                                   Management
and Natural Resources       A3.1 Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environment and natural resources and                Implementing Environmental
                            the actions taken to manage them.                                                                                                   Management




B. Social

Aspect                                       Subject Areas, General Disclosures and Key Performance Indicators                                                            Section

                            General Disclosure: Information on the policies and compliance with relevant laws and regulations
                            that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation, recruitment and promotion,
                                                                                                                                             Empowering Talent Development
                            working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and
                            welfare.
B1: Employment
                            B1.1 Total workforce by gender, employment type, age group and geographical region.                                 Appendix - Social Performance


                            B1.2 Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region.                                           Appendix - Social Performance

                            General Disclosure: Information on the policies that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to
                                                                                                                                                       Guarding Health and Safety
                            the provision of a safe work environment and employee assurance
                            B2.1 Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the
                                                                                                                                                Appendix - Social Performance
                            reporting year
B2: Health and Safety
                            B2.2 Lost days due to work injury.                                                                                  Appendix - Social Performance


                            B2.3 Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted                                                        Guarding Health and Safety



                                                                                                                                                                            217
                                                                About the Report                     Overview of J&T Express                Sustainability Management




Aspect                                 Subject Areas, General Disclosures and Key Performance Indicators                                                      Section


                      General Disclosure: Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and skills                                    Empowering Talent Development

B3: Development and                                                                                                               Appendix - Employee Training and
                      B3.1 The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category
Training                                                                                                                                             Development
                                                                                                                                  Appendix - Employee Training and
                      B3.2 The average training hours completed per employee by gender and employee category.
                                                                                                                                                     Development

                      General Disclosure: Policies relating to preventing child or forced labour                                   Empowering Talent Development


B4: Labor Standards   B4.1 Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child and forced labour.                Empowering Talent Development


                      B4.2 Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when discovered.                                    Empower Talent Development


                      General Disclosure: Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the supply chain                Improving Value Chain Management


                      B5.1 Number of suppliers by geographical region.                                                             Appendix - Supplier Management

B5: Supply Chain      B5.2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices
                                                                                                                                 Improving Value Chain Management
Management            are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored.
                      B5.3 Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain,
                                                                                                                                 Improving Value Chain Management
                      and how they are implemented and monitored.
                      B5.4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when
                                                                                                                                 Improving Value Chain Management
                      selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored.
                      General Disclosure: Information on the policies and compliance with relevant laws and regulations
                      that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and            Delivering Ultimate Service
                      privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress.

                      B6.1 Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasons                              Not Applicable


B6: Product           B6.2 Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with                    Appendix - Product and Service
Responsibility
                                                                                                                                          Implementing Compliance
                      B6.3 Description of practices relating to observing and protecting intellectual property rights
                                                                                                                                                      Management

                      B6.4 Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures.                                              Delivering Ultimate Service

                      B6.5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how they are implemented               Information Security and Privacy
                      and monitored.                                                                                                                      Protection
                      General Disclosure: Information on the policies and compliance with relevant laws and regulations
                                                                                                                                       Safeguarding Business Ethics
                      that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.
                      B7.1 Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the issuer or its
                                                                                                                                         Appendix - Anti-corruption
                      employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of the cases
B7: Anti-corruption
                      B7.2 Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, and how they are
                                                                                                                                       Safeguarding Business Ethics
                      implemented and monitored.

                      B7.3 Description of anti-corruption training provided to directors and staff                                     Safeguarding Business Ethics


                      General Disclosure: Policies on community engagement                                                          Committing to Social Well-being

B8: Community
                      B8.1 Focus areas of contribution                                                                              Committing to Social Well-being
Investment

                      B8.2 Resources contributed to the focus area.                                                                 Committing to Social Well-being




218
    Environment: Green Logistics                      Social: Ingenious Service                           Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                      Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                      and People-Oriented Approach                    Governance and Strategic Leadership




Part D: Climate Related Disclosures

Scope                                                                   Description                                                                  Section

“Comply or explain” Provisions

I Governance

Governing Body

(a) the governance body(s) (which can include a board, committee or equivalent body charged with governance) or
individual(s) responsible for oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities. Specifically, the issuer shall identify that
body(s) or individual(s) and disclose information about:
(i) how the body(s) or individual(s) determines whether appropriate skills and competencies are available or will be
developed to oversee strategies designed to respond to climate-related risks and opportunities;                                               Mitigating and
(ii) how and how often the body(s) or individual(s) is informed about climate-related risks and opportunities;                            Adapting to Climate
(iii) how the body(s) or individual(s) takes into account climate-related risks and opportunities when overseeing the issuer’s                        Change
strategy, its decisions on major transactions, and its risk management processes and related policies, including whether the
body(s) or individual(s) has considered trade-offs associated with those risks and opportunities;
how the body(s) or individual(s) oversees the setting of, and monitors progress towards, targets related to climate-related
risks and opportunities, including whether and how related performance metrics are included in remuneration policies;

Governance Process

(b) management’s role in the governance processes, controls and procedures used to monitor, manage and oversee climate-
related risks and opportunities, including information about:
                                                                                                                                              Mitigating and
(i) whether the role is delegated to a specific management-level position or management-level committee and how oversight
                                                                                                                                          Adapting to Climate
is exercised over that position or committee; and
                                                                                                                                                      Change
whether management uses controls and procedures to support the oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities and, if
so, how these controls and procedures are integrated with other internal functions.

II Strategy

Climate-related risks and opportunities

An issuer shall disclose information to enable an understanding of climate-related risks and opportunities that could
reasonably be expected to affect the issuer’s cash flows, its access to finance or cost of capital over the short, medium or long
term. Specifically, the issuer shall:
(a) describe climate-related risks and opportunities that could reasonably be expected to affect the issuer’s cash flows, its
access to finance or cost of capital over the short, medium or long term;                                                                     Mitigating and
(b) explain, for each climate-related risk the issuer has identified, whether the issuer considers the risk to be a climate-related       Adapting to Climate
physical risk or climate-related transition risk;                                                                                                     Change
(c) specify, for each climate-related risk and opportunity the issuer has identified, over which time horizons – short, medium
or long term – the effects of each climate-related risk and opportunity could reasonably be expected to occur; and
explain how the issuer defines ‘short term’, ‘medium term’ and ‘long term’ and how these definitions are linked to the
planning horizons used by the issuer for strategic decision-making.

Business model and value chain

An issuer shall disclose information that enables an understanding of the current and anticipated effects of climate-related
risks and opportunities on the issuer’s business model and value chain. Specifically, the issuer shall disclose:
                                                                                                                                              Mitigating and
(a) a description of the current and anticipated effects of climate-related risks and opportunities on the issuer’s business model
                                                                                                                                          Adapting to Climate
and value chain; and
                                                                                                                                                      Change
(b) a description of where in the issuer’s business model and value chain climate-related risks and opportunities are
concentrated (for example, geographical areas, facilities and types of assets).

Strategy and decision-making


                                                                                                                                                         219
                                                               About the Report                Overview of J&T Express              Sustainability Management




Scope                                                                   Description                                                                 Section

An issuer shall disclose information that enables an understanding of the effects of climate-related risks and opportunities on
its strategy and decision-making. Specifically, the issuer shall disclose:
(a) information about how the issuer has responded to, and plans to respond to, climate-related risks and opportunities in its
strategy and decision-making, including how the issuer plans to achieve any climate-related targets it has set and any targets
it is required to meet by law or regulation. Specifically, the issuer shall disclose information about:
(i) current and anticipated changes to the issuer’s business model, including its resource allocation, to address climate-related        Mitigating and
risks and opportunities;                                                                                                             Adapting to Climate
(ii) current and anticipated adaptation and mitigation efforts (whether direct or indirect);                                                     Change
(iii) any climate-related transition plan the issuer has (including information about key assumptions used in developing its
transition plan, and dependencies on which the issuer’s transition plan relies), or an appropriate negative statement where the
issuer does not have a climate-related transition plan; and
(iv) how the issuer plans to achieve any climate-related targets (including any greenhouse gas emissions targets (if any)); and
(b) information about how the issuer is resourcing, and plans to resource, the activities.

Financial position, financial performance and cash flows

Current financial effect
An issuer shall disclose qualitative and quantitative information about:
                                                                                                                                         Mitigating and
(a) how climate-related risks and opportunities have affected its financial position, financial performance and cash flows for
                                                                                                                                     Adapting to Climate
the reporting period; and
                                                                                                                                                 Change
the climate-related risks and opportunities identified for which there is a significant risk of a material adjustment within the
next annual reporting period to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities reported in the related financial statements.

Anticipated financial effect
The issuer shall provide qualitative and quantitative disclosures about:
(a) how the issuer expects its financial position to change over the short, medium and long term, given its strategy to manage
                                                                                                                                         Mitigating and
climate-related risks and opportunities, taking into consideration:
                                                                                                                                     Adapting to Climate
(i) its investment and disposal plans; and
                                                                                                                                                 Change
(ii) its planned sources of funding to implement its strategy; and
how the issuer expects its financial performance and cash flows to change over the short, medium and long term, given its
strategy to manage climate-related risks and opportunities.

Climate resilience

An issuer shall disclose information that enables an understanding of the resilience of the issuer’s strategy and business
model to climate-related changes, developments and uncertainties, taking into consideration the issuer’s identified climate-
related risks and opportunities. An issuer shall use climate-related scenario analysis to assess its climate resilience using an
approach that is commensurate with an issuer’s circumstances. In providing quantitative information, the issuer may disclose
a single amount or a range. Specifically, the issuer shall disclose:
                                                                                                                                         Mitigating and
(a) the issuer’s assessment of its climate resilience as at the reporting date, which shall enable an understanding of:              Adapting to Climate
(i) the implications, if any, of the issuer’s assessment for its strategy and business model, including how the issuer would                     Change
need to respond to the effects identified in the climate-related scenario analysis;
(ii) the significant areas of uncertainty considered in the issuer’s assessment of its climate resilience; and
(iii) the issuer’s capacity to adjust, or adapt its strategy and business model to climate change over the short, medium or long
term;

Climate resilience




220
    Environment: Green Logistics                       Social: Ingenious Service                            Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                        Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                       and People-Oriented Approach                     Governance and Strategic Leadership




Scope                                                                    Description                                                                   Section


(b) how and when the climate-related scenario analysis was carried out, including:
(i) information about the inputs used, including:
(1) which climate-related scenarios the issuer used for the analysis and the sources of such scenarios;
(2) whether the analysis included a diverse range of climate-related scenarios;
(3) whether the climate-related scenarios used for the analysis are associated with climate-related transition risks or climate-
related physical risks;
(4) whether the issuer used, among its scenarios, a climate-related scenario aligned with the latest international agreement on                 Mitigating and
climate change;                                                                                                                             Adapting to Climate
(5) why the issuer decided that its chosen climate-related scenarios are relevant to assessing its resilience to climate-related                        Change
changes, developments or uncertainties;
(6) time horizons the issuer used in the analysis; and
(7) what scope of operations the issuer used in the analysis (for example, the operation, locations and business units used in
the analysis);
(ii) the key assumptions the issuer made in the analysis; and
the reporting period in which the climate-related scenario analysis was carried out.


III Risk Management


An issuer shall disclose information about:
(a) the processes and related policies it uses to identify, assess, prioritise and monitor climate-related risks, including
information about:
(i) the inputs and parameters the issuer uses (for example, information about data sources and the scope of operations covered
in the processes);
(ii) whether and how the issuer uses climate-related scenario analysis to inform its identification of climate-related risks;
(iii) how the issuer assesses the nature, likelihood and magnitude of the effects of those risks (for example, whether the issuer
                                                                                                                                                Mitigating and
considers qualitative factors, quantitative thresholds or other criteria);
                                                                                                                                            Adapting to Climate
(iv) whether and how the issuer prioritises climate-related risks relative to other types of risks;
                                                                                                                                                        Change
(v) how the issuer monitors climate-related risks; and
(vi) whether and how the issuer has changed the processes it uses compared with the previous reporting period;
(b) the processes the issuer uses to identify, assess, prioritise and monitor climate-related opportunities (including information
about whether and how the issuer uses climate-related scenario analysis to inform its identification of climate-related
opportunities); and
(c) the extent to which, and how, the processes for identifying, assessing, prioritising and monitoring climate-related risks and
opportunities are integrated into and inform the issuer’s overall risk management process.


“Mandatory Disclosure” Provisions




                                                                                                                                                           221
                                                             About the Report              Overview of J&T Express               Sustainability Management




Scope                                                                 Description                                                                Section

IV Metrics and Targets

Greenhouse gas emissions

An issuer shall disclose its absolute gross greenhouse gas emissions generated during the reporting period, expressed as
metric tons of CO2 equivalent, classified as:
                                                                                                                                           Appendix -
(a) Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions;                                                                                                  Greenhouse Gas
(b) Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions; and                                                                                                   Emissions

(c) Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions.

An issuer shall:
(a) measure its greenhouse gas emissions in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and
Reporting Standard (2004) unless required by a jurisdictional authority or another exchange on which the issuer is listed to
use a different method for measuring greenhouse gas emissions;
(b) disclose the approach it uses to measure its greenhouse gas emissions including:
(i) the measurement approach, inputs and assumptions the issuer uses to measure its greenhouse gas emissions;
(ii) the reason why the issuer has chosen the measurement approach, inputs and assumptions it uses to measure its greenhouse
                                                                                                                                           Appendix -
gas emissions; and
                                                                                                                                       Greenhouse Gas
(iii) any changes the issuer made to the measurement approach, inputs and assumptions during the reporting period and the                   Emissions
reasons for those changes;
(c) for Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions disclosed in accordance with paragraph 28(b), disclose its location-based Scope
2 greenhouse gas emissions, and provide information about any contractual instruments that is necessary to enable an
understanding of the issuer’s Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions; and
(d) for Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions disclosed in accordance with paragraph 28(c), disclose the categories included
within the issuer’s measure of Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, in accordance with the Scope 3 categories described in the
Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard (2011).

“Comply or explain” Provisions

Climate-related transition risks

                                                                                                                               Relevant initiatives
                                                                                                                                 have not yet been
An issuer shall disclose the amount and percentage of assets or business activities vulnerable to climate-related transition
                                                                                                                             launched and will be
risks.
                                                                                                                               gradually advanced
                                                                                                                                      in the future

Climate-related physical risks

                                                                                                                                    Relevant initiatives
                                                                                                                                      have not yet been
An issuer shall disclose the amount and percentage of assets or business activities vulnerable to climate-related physical risks. launched and will be
                                                                                                                                    gradually advanced
                                                                                                                                           in the future

Climate-related opportunities




222
    Environment: Green Logistics                      Social: Ingenious Service                          Governance: Corporate
                                                                                                                                                       Appendix
     and Energy Transformation                      and People-Oriented Approach                   Governance and Strategic Leadership




Scope                                                                   Description                                                                   Section

                                                                                                                                           Relevant initiatives
                                                                                                                                             have not yet been
An issuer shall disclose the amount and percentage of assets or business activities aligned with climate-related opportunities.          launched and will be
                                                                                                                                           gradually advanced
                                                                                                                                                  in the future

Capital deployment

                                                                                                                             Relevant initiatives
                                                                                                                               have not yet been
An issuer shall disclose the amount of capital expenditure, financing or investment deployed towards climate-related risks
                                                                                                                           launched and will be
and opportunities
                                                                                                                             gradually advanced
                                                                                                                                    in the future

Internal carbon prices

An issuer shall disclose:                                                                                                                 Relevant initiatives
(a) an explanation of whether and how the issuer is applying a carbon price in decision-making (for example, investment     have not yet been
decisions, transfer pricing, and scenario analysis); and                                                                 launched and will be
(b) the price of each metric tonne of greenhouse gas emissions the issuer uses to assess the costs of its greenhouse gas gradually advanced
emissions; or an appropriate negative statement that the issuer does not apply a carbon price in decision-making.                in the future

Remuneration

                                                                                                                       Relevant initiatives
                                                                                                                         have not yet been
An issuer shall disclose whether and how climate-related considerations are factored into remuneration policy, or an
                                                                                                                     launched and will be
appropriate negative statement.
                                                                                                                       gradually advanced
                                                                                                                              in the future

Industry-based metrics

An issuer is encouraged to disclose industry-based metrics that are associated with one or more particular business models, Relevant initiatives
activities or other common features that characterize participation in an industry. In determining which industry-based metrics         have not yet been
to disclose, the issuer is encouraged to refer to industry-specific metrics related to disclosure topics as set out in the Industry- launched and will be
based Guidance on Implementing IFRS S2 Climate-related Disclosures and industry disclosure requirements stipulated in gradually advanced
other international environmental, social and governance reporting frameworks, and consider their applicability.                             in the future

Climate-related targets




                                                                                                                                                           223
                                                                About the Report                Overview of J&T Express                 Sustainability Management




Scope                                                                                                                                                   Section

An issuer shall disclose (a) the qualitative and quantitative climate-related targets the issuer has set to monitor progress
towards achieving its strategic goals; and (b) any targets the issuer is required to meet by law or regulation, including any
greenhouse gas emissions targets. For each target, the issuer shall disclose:
(a) the metric used to set the target;
(b) the objective of the target (for example, mitigation, adaptation or conformance with science-based initiatives);
(c) the part of the issuer to which the target applies (for example, whether the target applies to the issuer in its entirety or only
a part of the issuer, such as a specific business unit or geographic region);
(d) the period over which the target applies;
(e) the base period from which progress is measured;
(f) milestones or interim targets (if any);
(g) if the target is quantitative, whether the target is an absolute target or an intensity target; and
(h) how the latest international agreement on climate change, including jurisdictional commitments that arise from that
agreement, has informed the target.
An issuer shall disclose information about its approach to setting and reviewing each target, and how it monitors progress
against each target, including:
(a) whether the target and the methodology for setting the target has been validated by a third party;                                       Mitigating and
                                                                                                                                         Adapting to Climate
(b) the issuer’s processes for reviewing the target;
                                                                                                                                                     Change
(c) the metrics used to monitor progress towards reaching the target; and
(d) any revisions to the target and an explanation for those revisions.
An issuer shall disclose information about its performance against each climate-related target and an analysis of trends or
changes in the issuer’s performance.
For each greenhouse gas emissions target disclosed, an issuer shall disclose:
(a) which greenhouse gases are covered by the target;
(b) whether Scope 1, Scope 2 or Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions are covered by the target;
(c) whether the target is a gross greenhouse gas emissions target or a net greenhouse gas emissions target. If the issuer
discloses a net greenhouse gas emissions target, the issuer is also required to separately disclose its associated gross
greenhouse gas emissions target;
(d) whether the target was derived using a sectoral decarbonisation approach; and
(e) the issuer’s planned use of carbon credits to offset greenhouse gas emissions to achieve any net greenhouse gas emissions
target. In explaining its planned use of carbon credits, the issuer shall disclose:
(i) the extent to which, and how, achieving any net greenhouse gas emissions target relies on the use of carbon credits;
(ii) which third-party scheme(s) will verify or certify the carbon credits;




224
                                                                                               Independent Auditor’s Report




IX. Independent Auditor’s Report



To the Shareholders of J&T Global Express Limited
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


OPINION

What we have audited
The consolidated financial statements of J&T Global Express Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (“the Group”),
which are set out on pages 233 to 333, comprise:

• the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2025;

• the consolidated income statement for the year then ended;

• the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

• the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

• the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and

• the notes to the consolidated financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information and other
   explanatory information

Our opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the
year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS OF OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Independence
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants as issued by the
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of public
interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.


                                                                                                                        225
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters.

Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:

• Revenue recognition of express delivery services

• Goodwill impairment assessment

 Key Audit Matter                                               How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

 Revenue recognition of express delivery services

 Refer to note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.      Our procedures to address this key audit matter
                                                                included:
 For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group had
 revenue amounting to approximately USD11,811 million,          We understood, evaluated and tested internal controls
 and around 97% of the revenue was generated from the           over revenue recognition of express delivery services,
 Group’s express delivery services.                             including but not limited to information technology
                                                                general controls related to complex IT environments,
 The Group provided express delivery services to its            IT dependencies including system generated reports,
 customers, including pick-up outlets of network partners,      interfaces between business and financial systems and
 enterprise customers and individual customers. Such            key automated controls related to revenue recognition
 revenue was primarily driven by parcel volume, and             of express delivery services, with the assistance of our
 factors including but not limited to size, weight, routes      internal information technology specialists.
 and distances to destinations. Due to the significant
 volume and complexity of transactions, the Group used          We performed risk based analytical procedures
 various business systems to process and record its revenue     over revenue from express delivery services, at a
 transactions of express delivery services.                     disaggregated level, to evaluate the overall trend of
                                                                revenue and gross margin fluctuations.

                                                                We reconciled express delivery revenue transaction data
                                                                from business systems to general ledgers to test the
                                                                completeness of revenue.




226
                                                                                         Independent Auditor’s Report




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key Audit Matter                                          How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Revenue recognition of express delivery services
(Continued)

We identified revenue recognition of express delivery     We performed the following tests on revenue from
services as a key audit matter, as auditing revenue       express delivery service on a sample basis:
from express delivery services required a significant
extent of effort due to the large volume and complexity   • Examining customer contracts and inquiring with main
of transactions and the involvement of the complex           customers to assess the Group’s accounting policy on
information systems.                                         revenue recognition;

                                                          • Testing the occurrence and accuracy of revenue from
                                                             express delivery services by tracing to supporting
                                                             documents including waybills, routes, applicable
                                                             effective pricing policies, receipts of customers and
                                                             relevant settlement records;

                                                          • T esting whether the revenue transactions were
                                                             recognized in the appropriate period by tracing to the
                                                             supporting documents; and

                                                          • P erforming confirmation procedures with main
                                                             customers for revenue from express delivery services
                                                             and relevant account balances.

                                                          We performed data analysis procedures on the operation
                                                          data, including analysing patterns of the timing of
                                                          creation of express delivery orders, with the assistance
                                                          of our internal information technology specialists and
                                                          with reference to our industry knowledge.

                                                          Based on the procedures performed above, we
                                                          considered that revenue recognized in relation to
                                                          express delivery services was supported by the evidence
                                                          obtained.




                                                                                                                227
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

 Key Audit Matter                                            How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

 Goodwill impairment assessment

 Refer to notes 4(d), 16(b) and 43.5 to the consolidated     Our procedures to address this key audit matter
 financial statements.                                       included:

 At 31 December 2025, the Group had goodwill                 We obtained an understanding of the management’s
 amounting to approximately USD1,085 million, against        internal control and assessment process of goodwill
 which a provision of approximately USD116 million was       impairment and assessed the inherent risk of material
 recognised on the consolidated statement of financial       misstatement by considering the degree of estimation
 position.                                                   uncertainty and level of other inherent risk factors such
                                                             as complexity, subjectivity, changes and susceptibility to
 The Group is required to perform goodwill impairment        management bias or fraud.
 assessment both annually and whenever there is an
 indication that a cash-generating unit (“CGU”) to which     We evaluated the outcome of prior period’s assessment
 goodwill has been allocated may be impaired.                of goodwill to assess the effectiveness of the
                                                             management’s estimation process.
 The Group engaged an independent external valuer
 to assist the preparation of the goodwill impairment        We evaluated and tested the management’s assessment
 assessment. The recoverable amounts of CGUs were            including impairment indicator evaluation and
 determined based on the value-in-use calculations using     management’s internal controls over the impairment
 cash flow projections. The key assumptions used included    assessment of goodwill.
 annual revenue growth rate for the forecast period, gross
 profit margin rate, terminal revenue growth rate and pre-   We evaluated the independent external valuer’s
 tax discount rate.                                          objectivity, competence and capabilities.

                                                             We assessed the reasonableness of management’s
                                                             identification of CGUs based on the understanding of
                                                             the Group’s business.

                                                             We assessed the appropriateness of key assumptions
                                                             adopted by management including annual revenue
                                                             growth rate and gross profit margin rate for the forecast
                                                             period by examining the approved business forecast and
                                                             comparing actual results for the year against forecasts
                                                             in prior year, taking into consideration of market trends
                                                             and industry knowledge.




228
                                                                                         Independent Auditor’s Report




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key Audit Matter                                           How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Goodwill impairment assessment (Continued)

We identified goodwill impairment assessment as a key      We assessed the management’s sensitivity analysis on
audit matter due to the magnitude of the carrying amount   the key assumptions to evaluate the potential impact on
of goodwill and the estimation of recoverable amount is    the recoverable amounts.
subject to high degree of estimation uncertainty.
                                                           We tested the accuracy of mathematical calculation
                                                           applied in the valuation models and the calculation of
                                                           the impairment assessment.

                                                           With assistance of our internal valuation experts,
                                                           we evaluated the appropriateness of the valuation
                                                           methodologies and certain key assumptions, including
                                                           terminal revenue growth rate and pre-tax discount rate.

                                                           We assessed the adequacy of the disclosures related to
                                                           goodwill impairment in the context of the applicable
                                                           financial reporting framework.

                                                           Based on the procedures performed above, we
                                                           considered that the key assumptions adopted by
                                                           management in the goodwill impairment assessment
                                                           were supported by the evidence obtained.




                                                                                                                229
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the
information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
true and fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




230
                                                                                                Independent Auditor’s Report




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or
accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but
is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated
financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
   or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
   and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
   fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
   misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
   appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s
   internal control.

• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
   disclosures made by the directors.

• Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
   evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
   on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
   to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
   disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
   date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
   concern.

• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
   disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
   manner that achieves fair presentation.

• Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
   of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial
   statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of
   the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




                                                                                                                        231
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued)

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Dou Wang, Angel.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 30 March 2026




232
                                                                                     Consolidated Income Statement
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025




X. Financial Statements and Notes
For the year ended 31 December 2025




Consolidated Income Statement
For the year ended 31 December 2025


                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       2025                     2024
                                                                 Note               USD’000                  USD’000

 Revenue                                                           5              12,157,806              10,259,104
 Cost of revenue                                                   9             (10,695,131)             (9,180,889)

 Gross profit                                                                      1,462,675               1,078,215

 Selling, general and administrative expenses                     9                 (867,405)                (826,715)
 Research and development expenses                                 9                 (62,443)                  (48,889)
 Net impairment losses on financial assets                        11                 (26,875)                  (11,266)
 Other income                                                      6                  12,398                    10,227
 Other (losses)/gains – net                                        7                 (45,837)                    8,971

 Operating profit                                                                    472,513                  210,543

 Finance income                                                   10                  45,579                   40,671
 Finance costs                                                    10                (148,217)                (126,175)

 Finance costs – net                                                                (102,638)                 (85,504)
 Fair value change of financial assets and liabilities
    at fair value through profit or loss                         22, 28             (106,197)                    4,463
 Share of results of associates                                                         (254)                     (352)

 Profit before income tax                                                            263,424                  129,150

 Income tax expense                                               12                 (38,090)                 (15,446)

 Profit for the year                                                                 225,334                  113,704

 Attributable to:
 Owners of the Company                                                               198,412                  100,559
 Non-controlling interests                                                            26,922                   13,145

                                                                                     225,334                  113,704

 Earnings per share for profit attributable to
   owners of the Company:
 Basic earnings per share (USD cent)                              13                     2.3                        1.2

 Diluted earnings per share (USD cent)                            13                     2.2                        0.6


The above consolidated income statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.



                                                                                                                     233
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2025


                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                      2025                  2024
                                                                        Note       USD’000               USD’000

 Profit for the year                                                                225,334              113,704

 Other comprehensive income/(loss)
 Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
    Currency translation differences                                                 23,841               (84,949)
 Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
    Fair value changes of financial liabilities at fair value through
      profit or loss relating to the Group’s credit risk                26                85                  (43)
    Others                                                                               (53)               6,270

 Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year, net of tax                          23,873               (78,722)

 Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                     249,207               34,982

 Attributable to:
 Owners of the Company                                                              233,316               20,694
 Non-controlling interests                                                           15,891               14,288

                                                                                    249,207               34,982


The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




234
                                                                        Consolidated Balance Sheet
                                                                                As at 31 December 2025




Consolidated Balance Sheet
As at 31 December 2025


                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                      2025                   2024
                                                         Note      USD’000                USD’000

 ASSETS
 Non-current assets
 Investment properties                                                    –                   243
 Property, plant and equipment                            14      1,770,807             1,385,538
 Right-of-use assets                                      15        565,657               477,207
 Intangible assets                                        16      1,112,305             1,118,688
 Investments accounted for using the equity method                    1,955                 2,143
 Deferred income tax assets                               29        108,431                74,675
 Other non-current assets                                 19         78,974                50,550
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    22        657,607               572,770

                                                                  4,295,736             3,681,814

 Current assets
 Inventories                                                         20,648                21,620
 Trade receivables                                        20        952,894               680,180
 Prepayments, other receivables and other assets          21      1,270,803             1,171,904
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    22        121,040               101,196
 Restricted cash                                          23        130,001                40,861
 Cash and cash equivalents                                23      2,009,499             1,596,931

                                                                  4,504,885             3,612,692

 Total assets                                                     8,800,621             7,294,506

 EQUITY
 Equity attributable to owners of the Company
 Share capital                                             24             18                    18
 Share premium                                           24, 26    9,061,736            9,061,736
 Treasury shares                                           26        (64,568)              (19,420)
 Other reserves                                            26        (13,860)            (190,781)
 Accumulated losses                                               (5,828,095)          (6,026,240)

                                                                  3,155,231             2,825,313
 Non-controlling interests                                         (311,063)             (302,765)

 Total equity                                                     2,844,168             2,522,548




                                                                                                 235
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                        2025                2024
                                                                           Note      USD’000             USD’000

 LIABILITIES
 Non-current liabilities
 Borrowings                                                                  27     1,595,286         1,320,550
 Lease liabilities                                                           15       330,962           296,728
 Employee benefit obligations                                                           8,757             6,350
 Financial liabilities – redemption liabilities of shares of JNT KSA         28        72,233            65,958
 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                  28       425,443           649,161
 Deferred grants                                                                       45,630                 –
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                    29        22,698            15,312

                                                                                    2,501,009         2,354,059

 Current liabilities
 Trade payables                                                              30       741,090           589,860
 Advances from customers                                                     31       345,621           322,333
 Accruals and other payables                                                 32     1,361,419         1,023,909
 Current income tax liabilities                                                        22,876            35,381
 Borrowings                                                                  27       813,702           262,642
 Lease liabilities                                                           15       165,870           172,442
 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                  28         4,866            11,332

                                                                                    3,455,444         2,417,899

 Total liabilities                                                                  5,956,453         4,771,958

 Total equity and liabilities                                                       8,800,621         7,294,506


The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

The consolidated financial statements on pages 233 to 333 were approved by the Board of Directors on 30 March 2026
and were signed on its behalf.




Alice Yu-fen Cheng                                              Jet Jie Li

Director                                                        Director




236
                                                                                                              Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2025




Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2025


                                                                                      Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                                              Non-
                                                                      Share        Share     Treasury          Other Accumulated                        controlling       Total
                                                                     capital    premium        shares        reserves     losses               Total      interests      equity
                                                         Note      USD’000      USD’000      USD’000        USD’000     USD’000             USD’000       USD’000      USD’000

 Balance as at 1 January 2024                                            18    9,061,736             –      (185,273)    (6,126,799)      2,749,682      (270,083)    2,479,599

 Comprehensive income
 Profit for the year                                                      –           –              –              –         100,559       100,559        13,145      113,704

 Other comprehensive loss:
 Items that may be reclassified subsequently to
    profit or loss
 Currency translation differences                                         –           –              –       (85,940)               –       (85,940)          991       (84,949)
 Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to
    profit or loss
 Other comprehensive loss – resulted from
    change of credit risk of financial liabilities
    measured at fair value                                28              –           –              –            (43)              –            (43)           –            (43)
 Others                                                                   –           –              –         6,118                –         6,118           152         6,270

 Total comprehensive income                                               –           –              –       (79,865)         100,559        20,694        14,288       34,982

 Transactions with owners in their capacity as owner:
 Capital injection from non-controlling shareholders                      –           –              –             –                –             –            (66)          (66)
 Transactions with non-controlling interests              34              –           –              –       (22,662)               –       (22,662)      (19,978)      (42,640)
 Dividends of subsidiaries                                                –           –              –             –                –             –       (26,926)      (26,926)
 Employee benefit expenses – Share-based
    compensation expenses                                 25              –           –             –         86,629                –        86,629              –       86,629
 Repurchase of ordinary shares                        24, 25, 28          –           –       (19,420)             –                –       (19,420)             –      (19,420)
 Issuance of ordinary shares pursuant to
    the 2022 Incentive Plan                               25              –           –              –        10,390                –        10,390              –      10,390

 Total transactions with owners in their
   capacity as owner                                                      –           –       (19,420)        74,357                –        54,937       (46,970)        7,967

 Balance as at 31 December 2024                                          18    9,061,736      (19,420)      (190,781)    (6,026,240)      2,825,313      (302,765)    2,522,548




                                                                                                                                                                            237
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




                                                                                          Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                                                             Non-
                                                                           Share       Share      Treasury        Other Accumulated                    controlling       Total
                                                                          capital   premium         shares      reserves     losses          Total       interests      equity
                                                                  Note   USD’000    USD’000       USD’000       USD’000    USD’000         USD’000       USD’000       USD’000

 Balance as at 1 January 2025                                                 18    9,061,736      (19,420)     (190,781)   (6,026,240)   2,825,313      (302,765)    2,522,548

 Comprehensive income
 Profit for the year                                                           –           –             –             –      198,412      198,412         26,922      225,334

 Other comprehensive income:
 Items that may be reclassified subsequently to
    profit or loss
 Currency translation differences                                              –           –             –       34,877              –      34,877        (11,036)      23,841
 Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to
    profit or loss
 Other comprehensive income – resulted from change of
    credit risk of financial liabilities measured at fair value   28           –           –             –            85             –           85             –            85
 Others                                                                        –           –             –           (58)            –          (58)            5           (53)

 Total comprehensive income                                                    –           –             –       34,904       198,412      233,316         15,891      249,207

 Transactions with owners in their capacity as owner:
 Capital injection from non-controlling shareholders                           –           –             –            –              –           –            315          315
 Transactions with non-controlling interests                 34                –           –             –       25,361              –      25,361        (24,497)         864
 Employee benefit expenses – Share-based
    compensation expenses                                    25                –           –             –      112,551              –     112,551              –      112,551
 Repurchase of ordinary shares                           24, 25, 28            –           –       (45,148)           –              –     (45,148)             –      (45,148)
 Issuance of ordinary shares pursuant to
    the 2022 Incentive Plan                                  25                –           –             –         3,838             –       3,838              –        3,838
 Transfer of loss on repurchase of financial liabilities
    at FVPL to retained earnings (net of tax)                                  –           –             –          267           (267)           –              –            –
 Others                                                                        –           –             –            –              –            –             (7)          (7)

 Total transactions with owners in their
   capacity as owner                                                           –           –       (45,148)     142,017           (267)     96,602        (24,189)      72,413

 Balance as at 31 December 2025                                               18    9,061,736      (64,568)      (13,860)   (5,828,095)   3,155,231      (311,063)    2,844,168


The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




238
                                                                              Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025




Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2025


                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                     2025                     2024
                                                                       Note       USD’000                  USD’000

 Cash flows generated from operating activities
 Cash generated from operations                                        33        1,112,535                  831,179
 Interest received                                                                  49,086                    40,721
 Income tax paid                                                                   (73,591)                  (64,472)

 Net cash flows generated from operating activities                              1,088,030                  807,428

 Cash flows used in investing activities
 Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                (904,543)                (758,418)
 Redemption of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss               785,491                  826,080
 Proceeds from sales of derivative financial liabilities                             5,154                         –
 Investment in associates                                                             (226)                      (21)
 Loans to related parties                                              35          (16,000)                        –
 Loans to third parties                                                            (61,996)                (169,010)
 Repayment of loans by third parties and interests received                         81,847                   19,802
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                        (589,180)                (553,864)
 Purchases of investment properties                                                      –                      (355)
 Proceeds from disposal of long-term assets                                         46,818                   51,543
 Purchases of intangible assets                                                     (4,450)                   (1,071)
 Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash paid                                      (6,726)                  11,467
 Disposals of subsidiaries and associates                                                –                       218

 Net cash flows used in investing activities                                      (663,811)                (573,629)




                                                                                                                   239
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                        2025                    2024
                                                                       Note          USD’000                 USD’000

 Cash flows generated from financing activities
 Restricted cash placed                                                               (19,036)                (1,058)
 Restricted cash withdrawn                                                             12,830                  1,382
 Proceeds from borrowings                                                           2,432,778            1,737,712
 Repayment of borrowings                                                           (1,677,070)          (1,421,264)
 Interest paid for borrowings                                                        (112,128)             (84,350)
 Dividends paid                                                                             –               (27,608)
 Repayment of convertible loans of JNT KSA                              28            (11,332)                     –
 Repurchase of the Preferred Shares of JET Global                       28           (311,135)                     –
 Principal elements of lease payments                                                (241,143)            (246,501)
 Interest elements of lease payments                                                  (30,595)              (31,330)
 Capital injection from non-controlling interests                                         315                      –
 Capital withdrawal of non-controlling interests                                            –                   (103)
 Repurchase of ordinary shares                                         26(b)          (45,148)              (19,420)
 Cash received/(paid) in transactions with non-controlling interests    34                864                 (7,424)

 Net cash flows used in financing activities                                             (800)                (99,964)

 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                            423,419                 133,835
 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                             1,596,931               1,483,198
 Effects of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash
    equivalents                                                                       (10,851)                (20,102)

 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                   2,009,499               1,596,931


The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




240
                                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


1. GENERAL INFORMATION

J&T Global Express Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 24 October 2019 as an
exempted company registered under the laws of the Cayman Islands. The address of the Company’s registered office is P.O.
Box 31119 Grand Pavilion, Hibiscus Way, 802 West Bay Road, Grand Cayman, KY1-1205, Cayman Islands.

The Company acts as an investment holding company and its subsidiaries and consolidated affiliated entities, as set out in
Note 17 (collectively, the “Group”), are principally engaged in express delivery services in the People’s Republic of China
(the “PRC”, or “China”), Indonesia, the Philippines, Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam, and countries including Saudi Arabia,
UAE, Mexico, Brazil and Egypt. (collectively, “New Markets”).

The Company’s shares have been listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“HKSE”) since 27 October 2023.

Mr. Jet Jie Li is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company as of the date of this report.

Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the primary
economic environment in which each entity operates respectively (“the functional currency”). The consolidated financial
statements are presented in United States Dollars (“USD”), which is the Company’s functional and presentation currency.

These consolidated financial statements have been approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 30 March 2026.

The regulations in certain jurisdictions have certain restrictions on foreign ownership of companies that provide express
delivery services. In order to comply with relevant local regulations, the Company controls relevant subsidiaries in the PRC
and Indonesia through certain contractual arrangements.

(a) Contractual agreements with the VIE in the PRC
In accordance with a series of contractual arrangements effective from 1 January 2020, entered into among a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company (the “HK Holding”), another wholly owned subsidiary and the parent company (the
“China VIE”) of the express delivery service licence holding company in the PRC and equity holders, the HK Holding and
the Company were able to:

• exercise equity holders’ voting rights of the China VIE;

• receive substantially all of the economic interest returns generated by the China VIE in consideration for the business
   support, technical and consulting services provided by the HK Holding;

• obtain an irrevocable and exclusive right to purchase all of the equity interests in the China VIE from its respective equity
   holders at a minimum purchase price when it is permitted under laws and regulations in the PRC, and the HK Holding
   may exercise such options at any time until it has acquired all equity interests of the China VIE; and

• obtain a pledge over the entire equity interests of the China VIE from its respective equity holders as collateral security
   for the due payment and timely performance by the China VIE and its equity holders in accordance with the terms in
   the contractual arrangements.




                                                                                                                               241
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




1. GENERAL INFORMATION (Continued)

(a) Contractual agreements with the VIE in the PRC (Continued)
The abovementioned arrangements were terminated on 22 April 2020 and in accordance with a series of contractual
arrangements effective since then, entered into among a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the “China WFOE”,
a wholly foreign-owned enterprise in China), the China VIE and its equity holders, the China WFOE and the Company are
able to:

• exercise equity holders’ voting rights of the China VIE;

• receive substantially all of the economic interest returns generated by the China VIE in consideration for the business
   support, technical and consulting services provided by the China WFOE;

• obtain an irrevocable and exclusive right to purchase all of the equity interests in the China VIE from the respective
   equity holders at a minimum purchase price when it is permitted under laws and regulations in the PRC and the China
   WFOE may exercise such options at any time until it has acquired all equity interests of the China VIE; and

• obtain a pledge over the entire equity interests of the China VIE from its respective equity holders as collateral security
   for the due payment and timely performance by the China VIE and its equity holders in accordance with the terms in
   the contractual arrangements.

As a result of such contractual arrangements, the Company has the rights to exercise power over the China VIE and its
subsidiaries, the right to receive variable returns from its involvement in the China VIE and its subsidiaries, and the ability
to affect those returns through its power over the China VIE and its subsidiaries, and is therefore considered to control the
China VIE and its subsidiaries. Consequently, the Company regards the China VIE and its subsidiaries as controlled entities
and consolidated the assets, liabilities, and results of operations of the China VIE and its subsidiaries in the consolidated
financial information of the Group.




242
                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




1. GENERAL INFORMATION (Continued)

(b) Contractual agreements with the VIE in Indonesia
In accordance with a series of contractual arrangements effective from 15 August 2016, entered into among the HK
Holding, the local holding companies of the relevant businesses in Indonesia (collectively, the “Indonesia VIE”) and their
equity holders, the HK Holding and the Company are able to:

• exercise substantially all the powers and rights associated to the portion of contributed capital held by equity holders of
   the Indonesia VIE;

• receive substantially all of the economic interest returns generated by the Indonesia VIE in consideration for the business
   support, technical and consulting services provided by the HK Holding;

• obtain an irrevocable and exclusive right to purchase all or part of the equity interests in the Indonesia VIE from its
   respective equity holders when it is permitted under laws and regulations in Indonesia. The HK Holding may exercise
   such options at any time until it has acquired all equity interests of the Indonesia VIE. The purchase price is set at HK
   Holding’s discretion, subject to any restrictions imposed by Indonesian law; and

• obtain a pledge over the entire equity interests of the Indonesia VIE from its respective equity holders as collateral
   security for the due payment and timely performance by the Indonesia VIE and its equity holders in accordance with the
   terms in the contractual arrangements.

Starting from 29 March 2022, the abovementioned contractual arrangements were terminated, and as per a new series
of contractual arrangements entered into among an Indonesian subsidiary of the HK Holding (the “Indonesia Holding”),
the Indonesia VIE and their equity holders, with similar terms and clauses, the Indonesia Holding was able to exercise
similar power and to be exposed to similar returns from the Indonesia VIE.

As a result of such arrangements, the Company has the rights to exercise power over the Indonesian VIE and its
subsidiaries, the rights to receive variable returns from its involvement in the Indonesian VIE and its subsidiaries, and the
ability to affect those returns through its power over the Indonesian VIE and its subsidiaries, and is therefore considered to
control the Indonesian VIE and its subsidiaries. Consequently, the Company regards the Indonesian VIE and its subsidiaries
as controlled entities and consolidated the assets, liabilities and results of operations of the Indonesian VIE and its
subsidiaries in the consolidated financial information of the Group.


2. BASIS OF PREPARATION AND NEW OR AMENDED STANDARDS OR
    INTERPRETATIONS

2.1 Basis of preparation
The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with International Financial
Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IFRS Accounting Standards”). The
consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for
financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss.

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS Accounting Standards requires the use of
certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the
Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions
and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in Note 4.




                                                                                                                             243
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




2. BASIS OF PREPARATION AND NEW OR AMENDED STANDARDS OR
    INTERPRETATIONS (Continued)

2.2 New or amended standards or interpretations
An amended standard became applicable for the current reporting period. The adoption of the new amendment did not
have material impact on the Group’s financial position or operating result and did not require retrospective adjustment.

                                                                                                        Effective for
                                                                                                      annual periods
                                                                                                          beginning
                                                                                                         on or after

 Amendments to IAS 21                      Lack of Exchangeability                                     1 January 2025


Certain new accounting standards and interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for the year ended
31 December 2025 and have not been early adopted by the Group. Those new standards, amendments of standards and
interpretations are as follows:

                                                                                                        Effective for
                                                                                                      annual periods
                                                                                                          beginning
                                                                                                         on or after

 Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7           Amendments to the Classification and                        1 January 2026
                                             Measurement of Financial Instruments
 Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7           Contracts-referencing nature-dependent electricity          1 January 2026
 Annual improvements project               Annual improvements to                                      1 January 2026
                                             IFRS Accounting Standards-volumes 11
 IFRS 19                                   Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures     1 January 2027
 IFRS 18                                   Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements         1 January 2027


The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of the above new standards, amendments and
interpretations will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements upon adoption, except IFRS 18,
which mainly impacts the presentation of the Group’s consolidated statement of comprehensive income and the Group is
still in the process of assessing the impact.




244
                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

3.1 Financial risk factors
The Group’s operating activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The
Group’s overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise
potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance. Risk management is carried out by the senior
management of the Group.

(a) Market risk
(i) Foreign exchange risk
The Group’s subsidiaries primarily operate in the PRC, Indonesia, the Philippines, Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam and other
countries. The transactions of those subsidiaries were generally settled in local currencies. Therefore, foreign exchange risk
primarily arises from recognized assets and liabilities in the Group’s subsidiaries in the abovementioned countries when
receiving or to receive foreign currencies from, or paying or to pay foreign currencies to overseas business partners.

For the Group’s subsidiaries whose functional currency is RMB, if RMB had strengthened/weakened by 5% against USD
with all other variables held constant, the profit before income tax for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024,
would have been approximately USD3,683,000 lower/higher and USD4,260,000 lower/higher respectively, as a result of
net foreign exchange gains/losses on translation of net monetary assets/liabilities denominated in USD.

For the Group’s subsidiaries whose functional currency is IDR, if IDR had strengthened/weakened by 5% against USD with
all other variables held constant, the profit before income tax for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 would
have been approximately USD4,661,000 lower/higher and USD7,708,000 higher/lower respectively, as a result of net
foreign exchange gains/losses on translation of net monetary assets/liabilities denominated in USD.

For the Group’s subsidiaries whose functional currency is THB, if THB had strengthened/weakened by 5% against USD
with all other variables held constant, the loss before income tax for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 would
have been approximately USD22,910,000 higher/lower and USD22,687,000 lower/higher respectively, as a result of net
foreign exchange gains/losses on translation of net monetary assets/liabilities denominated in USD.

For the Group’s subsidiaries whose functional currency is VND, if VND had strengthened/weakened by 5% against USD
with all other variables held constant, the profit before income tax for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024
would have been approximately USD8,582,000 higher/lower and USD9,986,000 higher/lower, as a result of net foreign
exchange gains/losses on translation of net monetary assets/liabilities denominated in USD.

For the Group’s subsidiaries whose functional currency is MYR, if MYR had strengthened/weakened by 5% against USD
with all other variables held constant, the profit before income tax for the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024
would have been approximately USD7,528,000 higher/lower and USD5,509,000 higher/lower as a result of net foreign
exchange gains/losses on translation of net monetary assets/liabilities denominated in USD.




                                                                                                                             245
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
(a) Market risk (Continued)
(i) Foreign exchange risk (Continued)
For the Group’s subsidiaries whose functional currency is SGD, if SGD had strengthened/weakened by 5% against USD
with all other variables held constant, the loss before income tax for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 would
have been approximately USD1,639,000 higher/lower and USD1,715,000 lower/higher respectively, as a result of net
foreign exchange gains/losses on translation of net monetary assets/liabilities denominated in USD.

For the Group’s subsidiaries whose functional currency is PHP, if PHP had strengthened/weakened by 5% against USD
with all other variables held constant, the profit before income tax for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024
would have been approximately USD9,320,000 higher/lower and USD5,260,000 higher/lower respectively, as a result of
net foreign exchange gains/losses on translation of net monetary assets/liabilities denominated in USD.

(ii) Interest rate risk
The Group’s interest rate risk primarily arose from borrowings, loans to third parties, and cash and cash equivalents.
Those carried at floating rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk whereas those carried at fixed rates expose
the Group to fair value interest rate risk.

The Group has limited cash flow interest rate risk as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.

The exposure of the Group’s borrowings to interest rate changes and the contractual re-pricing dates of the borrowings
at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                    Year ended                             Year ended
                                                   31 December                            31 December
                                                          2025           % of total              2024           % of total
                                                       USD’000               loans            USD’000               loans

 Variable rate borrowings                              1,965,777               82%             992,769               63%

 Fixed rate borrowings – repricing or
    maturity dates:
    Less than one year                                   425,451               18%             247,916               15%
    1–2 years                                              1,383                0%              27,965                2%
    2–5 years                                             16,377                0%             294,781               19%
    Over 5 years                                               –                  –             19,761                1%

                                                         443,211               18%             590,423               37%

                                                       2,408,988              100%           1,583,192              100%


The Group regularly monitors its interest rate risk to ensure there is no undue exposure to significant interest rate
movements.




246
                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
(b) Credit risk
Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, restricted cash, financial assets measured at fair value
through profit or loss, other receivables and other assets.

(i) Risk management
The Group manages risk arising from cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and bank wealth management products
by only conducting transacts with state-owned or reputable financial institutions, which have no recent history of default.

The Group manages risk arising from trade receivables and financial assets included in other receivables and other assets
by only conducting transactions with recognized and creditworthy third parties, or with other customers who passed the
Group’s creditability assessment. It is the Group’s policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms or carry out
other transactions need to be subject to certain creditability assessment.

The Group manages risk arising from investments included in financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
by regularly monitoring of the financial performance and balance sheet positions of relevant significant investees, and
conduct independent creditability assessment.

(ii) Impairment of financial assets
The Group has the following types of financial assets that are subject to the expected credit loss model:

• trade receivables from the provision of express delivery services, cross-border services, sales of accessories, rentals and
   others; and

• other receivables and other non-current asset

While restricted cash and cash and cash equivalents are also subject to the impairment requirements of IFRS 9, the
identified impairment loss was immaterial.

Trade receivables
The Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measure expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss
allowance for all trade receivables.

To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on aging and shared credit
characteristics, which typically vary across countries or regions.

The expected loss rates are based on the historical credit losses and adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking
information on macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables. The Group has
identified the Gross Domestic Product (“GDP”) and Consumer Price Index (“CPI”) of the countries in which it provides
its services to be the most relevant factors, and accordingly adjusts the historical loss rates based on expected changes in
these factors.




                                                                                                                             247
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
(b) Credit risk (Continued)
(ii) Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
Trade receivables (Continued)
On that basis, the loss allowance as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 was determined as follows for trade receivables:

China
                                       Within         3-6            6-9          9-12         Above
 As at 31 December 2025              3 months      months         months        months     12 months          Total
                                      USD’000     USD’000        USD’000       USD’000       USD’000        USD’000

 Expected loss rate
 Reputable customers (i)                 0.02%      0.84%             N/A           N/A           N/A
 Other customers (i)                     3.54%     26.13%         47.02%        88.58%       100.00%

 Gross amount
 Reputable customers                    36,568      12,328              –             –              –        48,896
 Other customers                        71,558       3,624          1,827           893          2,385        80,287

 Total gross amount                    108,126      15,952          1,827           893          2,385       129,183

 Loss allowance
 Reputable customers                          9        104              –             –              –           113
 Other customers                          2,534        947            859           791          2,385         7,516

 Total loss allowance                     2,543       1,051           859           791          2,385         7,629




248
                                                                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
(b) Credit risk (Continued)
(ii) Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
Trade receivables (Continued)
China (Continued)
                                                   Within                3-6                 6-9                9-12              Above
 As at 31 December 2024                          3 months             months              months              months          12 months                  Total
                                                 USD’000             USD’000             USD’000             USD’000           USD’000                USD’000

 Expected loss rate
 Reputable customers (i)                            1.10%              2.19%               7.83%              72.21%                 N/A
 Other customers (i)                                3.39%             29.78%              60.50%              82.06%            100.00%
 Terminated customers
   (credit impaired) (ii)                        100.00%             100.00%            100.00%                     N/A                N/A

 Gross amount
 Reputable customers                                79,151              64,354               2,696               2,159                   –            148,360
 Other customers                                    46,598               3,895               1,681               1,477               2,468             56,119
 Terminated customers
   (credit impaired)                                  1,666                 122                   84                   –                   –            1,872

 Total gross amount                               127,415               68,371               4,461               3,636               2,468            206,351

 Loss allowance
 Reputable customers                                    870              1,412                 211               1,559                   –              4,052
 Other customers                                      1,578              1,160               1,017               1,212               2,468              7,435
 Terminated customers
   (credit impaired)                                  1,666                 122                   84                   –                   –            1,872

 Total loss allowance                                 4,114              2,694               1,312               2,771               2,468             13,359


(i) In China, the Group categorised the customers as per the size of their capitals, transaction volumes, as well as historical settlement and etc.

(ii) For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group terminated business relationships with certain customers and the Group assessed the credit loss for
such customers separately as the credit risk profile is different from other customers.




                                                                                                                                                           249
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
(b) Credit risk (Continued)
(ii) Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
Trade receivables (Continued)
South-East Asia
                                       Within         3-6       6-9      9-12       Above
 As at 31 December 2025              3 months      months    months    months   12 months     Total
                                      USD’000     USD’000   USD’000   USD’000     USD’000   USD’000

 Expected loss rate                      0.55%    26.68%    74.32%    96.09%     100.00%

 Gross amount                          531,377        626       440       128        366    532,937

 Loss allowance                           2,928       167       327       123        366      3,911


                                        Within        3-6       6-9      9-12       Above
 As at 31 December 2024               3 months     months    months    months   12 months      Total
                                      USD’000     USD’000   USD’000   USD’000    USD’000    USD’000

 Expected loss rate                      0.72%    28.65%    56.94%    92.40%     100.00%

 Gross amount                          362,905      2,304     1,433       895       1,537   369,074

 Loss allowance                           2,628       660       816       827       1,537     6,468


Other regions
                                       Within         3-6       6-9      9-12       Above
 As at 31 December 2025              3 months      months    months    months   12 months     Total
                                      USD’000     USD’000   USD’000   USD’000     USD’000   USD’000

 Expected loss rate                      1.70%    15.47%    90.12%    91.72%     100.00%

 Gross amount                          290,100     19,195     8,475     1,148       1,004   319,922

 Loss allowance                           4,943     2,970     7,638     1,053       1,004    17,608


                                        Within        3-6       6-9      9-12       Above
 As at 31 December 2024               3 months     months    months    months   12 months      Total
                                      USD’000     USD’000   USD’000   USD’000    USD’000    USD’000

 Expected loss rate                      2.16%    24.42%    89.73%    100.00%    100.00%

 Gross amount                          122,817      5,664     1,314       593       1,572   131,960

 Loss allowance                           2,651     1,383     1,179       593       1,572     7,378




250
                                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025




3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
(b) Credit risk (Continued)
(ii) Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
Trade receivables (Continued)
The loss allowances for trade receivables as at 31 December reconcile to the opening loss allowances as follows:

                                                                                              Trade receivables
                                                                                                2025                      2024
                                                                                             USD’000                   USD’000

 Opening loss allowance as at 1 January                                                        27,205                    36,909
 Impairment losses recognized, net of reversal                                                  7,836                     5,527
 Bad debt write-offs                                                                           (6,401)                  (15,182)
 Exchange difference                                                                              508                        (49)

 Closing loss allowance as at 31 December                                                      29,148                    27,205


The Group writes off a trade receivable when there is information indicating that the debtor is in severe financial difficulty
and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the debtor has been placed under liquidation or has entered into
bankruptcy proceedings.

Impairment losses on trade receivables are presented as net impairment losses within operating loss. Subsequent
recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against the same line item.

Other receivables and other non-current assets
The Group determines the credit risk of its other receivables and other non-current assets (if applicable) basing on factors
including historical experience, internal/external credit rating, overdue status and nature of relevant other receivables and
other non-current assets, and also other forward-looking information including macroeconomic factors.

Impairment on other receivables and other non-current assets is measured as either 12-month expected credit losses
or lifetime expected credit loss, depending on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial
recognition. If a significant increase in credit risk of a receivable has occurred since initial recognition, then impairment is
measured as lifetime expected credit losses.




                                                                                                                               251
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
(b) Credit risk (Continued)
(ii) Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
Other receivables and other non-current assets (Continued)
On that basis, the loss allowance as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 was determined as follows for other receivables and
other non-current assets:

                                                                               Gross            Gross        Gross
                                                                            carrying         carrying     carrying
                                                        Expected          amount at        amount at    amount at
                                                            credit           default          default      default
 Risk rating as at 31 December 2025                      loss rate         (stage 1)        (stage 2)    (stage 3)

 Low risk                                                  1.22%               481,075           N/A          N/A
 Moderate risk                                                N/A                 N/A            N/A          N/A
 High risk and credit impaired                           100.00%                  N/A            N/A        10,989


                                                                                   Gross        Gross         Gross
                                                                                carrying     carrying      carrying
                                                         Expected             amount at    amount at     amount at
                                                             credit              default      default       default
 Risk rating as at 31 December 2024                       loss rate            (stage 1)    (stage 2)     (stage 3)

 Low risk                                                  0.72%               465,947           N/A           N/A
 Moderate risk                                                N/A                  N/A           N/A           N/A
 High risk and credit impaired                           100.00%                   N/A           N/A         5,165


Based on the management’s experience and expectation, the deposits were exposed to minimal credit risk as at 31
December 2025 and 2024.

The above receivables with minimal credit risk are classified as stage one.




252
                                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
(b) Credit risk (Continued)
(ii) Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
Other receivables and other non-current assets (Continued)
The loss allowance for other receivables and other non-current assets at amortised cost as at 31 December reconciles to
the opening loss allowance as follows:

                                                                 Loans to
                                                             third parties              Others                    Total
                                                                  USD’000              USD’000                  USD’000

 Opening loss allowance as at 1 January 2024                        3,277                 1,928                     5,205
 (Decrease)/increase in the allowance recognized
   in profit or loss during the year                               (3,226)                8,965                     5,739
 Write-offs                                                              –               (2,354)                   (2,354)
 Exchange difference                                                   (50)                  (22)                      (72)

 Closing loss allowance as at 31 December 2024                           1                8,517                     8,518

 Increase in the allowance recognized
    in profit or loss during the year                                  63                18,976                   19,039
 Write-offs                                                             –               (10,649)                 (10,649)
 Exchange difference                                                  (20)                  (10)                     (30)

 Closing loss allowance as at 31 December 2025                         44               16,834                    16,878




                                                                                                                        253
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
(b) Credit risk (Continued)
(ii) Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
Net impairment losses on financial assets recognized in profit or loss
The following losses were recognized in profit or loss in relation to impaired financial assets for the year ended 31
December 2025 and 2024:

                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                2025                    2024
                                                                                             USD’000                 USD’000

 Impairment losses
 Movement in loss allowance for trade receivables                                               7,836                   5,527
 Movement in loss allowance for other receivables and
   other non-current assets                                                                    19,039                   5,739

 Impairment losses on financial assets at amortised cost                                       26,875                 11,266


(iii) Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
The entity is also exposed to credit risk in relation to debt investments that are measured at fair value through profit or
loss. The maximum exposure at the end of the reporting period is the carrying amount of these investments.

(c) Liquidity risk
The Group aims to maintain sufficient cash and cash equivalents. Due to the dynamic nature of the underlying business,
the policy of the Group is to regularly monitor the Group’s liquidity risk and to maintain adequate cash and cash
equivalents or adjust financing arrangements to meet the Group’s liquidity requirements.

The table below analyses the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities into relevant maturity grouping based on the
remaining period at each balance sheet date to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the
contractual undiscounted cash flows, except for financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss that are disclosed at
fair value.




254
                                                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025




3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
(c) Liquidity risk (Continued)
                                                  Less than        Between          Between         More than
 Non-derivatives                                     1 year    1 and 2 years    2 and 5 years         5 years               Total
                                                   USD’000         USD’000          USD’000          USD’000              USD’000

 As at 31 December 2025
 Borrowings and interest payables                  851,328            29,253        1,776,509          139,228           2,796,318
 Trade payables                                    741,090                 –                –                –             741,090
 Accrued and other payables (excluding
    salary and welfare payables and
    other tax payables)                            853,727                –                 –                 –            853,727
 Advances from customers                           345,621                –                 –                 –            345,621
 Lease liabilities                                 169,833          138,854           104,606            95,408            508,701
 Financial liabilities at fair value through
    profit or loss                                        –         136,454           545,815                  –           682,269
 Financial liabilities – redemption liabilities
    of shares of JNT KSA                                  –           35,000           70,000                  –           105,000

 Total                                            2,961,599         339,561         2,496,930          234,636           6,032,726


                                                   Less than        Between          Between         More than
 Non-derivatives                                      1 year    1 and 2 years    2 and 5 years         5 years               Total
                                                   USD’000          USD’000          USD’000          USD’000             USD’000

 As at 31 December 2024
 Borrowings and interest payables                  266,386            63,460        1,375,658            97,752          1,803,256
 Trade payables                                    589,860                 –                –                 –            589,860
 Accrued and other payables (excluding
    salary and welfare payables and
    other tax payables)                            655,697                –                 –                 –            655,697
 Advances from customers                           322,333                –                 –                 –            322,333
 Lease liabilities                                 176,562          114,217            95,929            93,671            480,379
 Financial liabilities at fair value through
    profit or loss                                   11,332         649,161                  –                 –           660,493
 Financial liabilities – redemption liabilities
    of shares of JNT KSA                                  –         105,000                  –                 –           105,000

 Total                                            2,022,170         931,838         1,471,587          191,423           4,617,018


Details of the description of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are presented in Note 28.




                                                                                                                                 255
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

3.2 Capital risk management
The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern in
order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure
to enhance shareholders’ value in the long-term.

The Group monitors capital (including share capital, share premium and convertible preferred shares on an as-if-converted
basis) by regularly reviewing the capital structure. As a part of this review, the Group considers the cost of capital and the
risks associated with the issued share capital. The Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return
capital to shareholders, issue new shares or repurchase the Company’s shares. In the opinion of the directors of the
Company, the Group’s capital risk is relatively low.

The asset-liability ratios of the Group as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2025                   2024
                                                                                                 USD’000                USD’000

 Total assets                                                                                   8,800,621              7,294,506
 Total liabilities                                                                              5,956,453              4,771,958

 Asset-liability ratio                                                                             67.7%                  65.4%


Asset-liability ratio is calculated by dividing total liabilities by total assets and multiplying by 100%. The asset-liability ratio
in 2025 basically remains stable.

3.3 Fair value estimation
Fair value hierarchy
The table below analyses the Group’s financial instruments carried at fair value as at each balance sheet date, by level of
the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. Such inputs are categorised into three levels within a fair
value hierarchy as follows:

• Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1);

• Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (that is,
   as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2); and

• Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs) (level 3).




256
                                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025




3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

3.3 Fair value estimation (Continued)
The following table presents the Group’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on 31 December 2025:

                                                        Level 1            Level 2           Level 3                Total
                                                       USD’000            USD’000           USD’000               USD’000

 Assets
 Non-current financial assets at fair value
   through profit or loss (Note 22)                      26,042                   –          631,565               657,607
 Current financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss (Note 22)                              57,589                   –                  –              57,589
 Short-term investments measured at fair
   value through profit or loss (Note 22)                      –            63,451                   –              63,451

                                                         83,631             63,451           631,565               778,647

 Liabilities
 Financial liabilities at fair value through
    profit or loss (Note 28)                                   –             4,866           425,443               430,309


The following table presents the Group’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on 31 December 2024:

                                                         Level 1           Level 2            Level 3                Total
                                                        USD’000           USD’000            USD’000              USD’000

 Assets
 Non-current financial assets at fair value
   through profit or loss (Note 22)                      41,174                   –          531,596               572,770
 Current financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss (Note 22)                              57,373                   –                  –              57,373
 Short-term investments measured at fair
   value through profit or loss (Note 22)                      –            43,823                   –              43,823

                                                         98,547             43,823           531,596               673,966

 Liabilities
 Financial liabilities at fair value through
    profit or loss (Note 28)                                   –                  –          660,493               660,493




                                                                                                                          257
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

3.3 Fair value estimation (Continued)
(a) Financial instruments in level 1
The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at each of the reporting
dates. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are readily and regularly available from an exchange, dealer, broker,
industry group, pricing service, or regulatory agency, and those prices represent actual and regularly occurring market
transactions on an arm’s length basis. The quoted market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current
bid price. These instruments are included in level 1.

As at 31 December 2025, level 1 instruments of the Group’s assets included the Group’s other investments classified as
current assets and certain investments in Windfall T&L SPC (Note 22).

(b) Financial instruments in level 2
The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-the-counter derivatives) is
determined by using valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable market data where
it is available and rely as little as possible on entity specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value of an
instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

For the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, level 2 instruments of the Group’s assets mainly include wealth
management products offered by banks, classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.

(c) Financial instruments in level 3
If one or more of the significant inputs are not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in level 3.

Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:

• Discounted cash flow model and unobservable inputs mainly including assumptions of expected future cash flows and
   discount rate; and

• A combination of observable and unobservable inputs, including risk-free rate, expected volatility, discount rate for lack
   of marketability, market multiples, etc.

As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, level 3 instruments of the Group’s assets included the Group’s certain investments in
Windfall T&L SPC, the convertible bonds of Yimi Global Limited and other investments classified as non-current assets (Note
22), and liabilities mainly include preferred shares of JET Global (Note 28).

There were no transfers between level 1, 2 and 3 of fair value hierarchy classifications during the years ended 31
December 2025 and 2024.

The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets including cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, trade
receivables, other receivables, other assets and other non-current assets, and the Group’s financial liabilities, including
borrowing, trade payables, lease liabilities, advances from customers, financial liabilities – redemption liabilities of shares
of JNT KSA, accruals and other payables, approximate their fair values due to their short maturities or that the contract
interest rates (if applicable) are generally close to the market interest rates.




258
                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025




4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

The preparation of consolidated financial statements requires the use of accounting estimates which, by definition, will
seldom equal the actual results. Management also needs to exercise judgement in applying the Group’s accounting
policies.

Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated. They are based on historical experience and other factors, including
expectations of future events that may have a financial impact on the entity and that are believed to be reasonable under
the circumstances.

(a) Consolidation of affiliated entities
The Group conducts a substantial part of the business in countries including the PRC, Indonesia, Thailand, the Philippines,
and Vietnam, where there are certain regulatory restrictions on foreign ownerships in express delivery and relevant
businesses. The Group has entered into certain contractual arrangements with relevant local entities and their respective
registered shareholders. The directors of the Company determine that the Group is able to control such entities by assessing
and concluding that the Group has the rights to exercise power over such entities, to receive variable returns from its
involvement in such entities, and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over such entities. Consequently,
the Company consolidates the assets, liabilities and results of operations of such entities in the consolidated financial
information of the Group.

Nevertheless, uncertainties presented by the local legal system could impede the Group’s beneficiary rights in the
results, assets and liabilities of the local entities. The directors of the Company, based on the advice of its legal counsels,
have exercised judgement and consider that the abovementioned contractual arrangements, relevant agreements
or constitutional documents are in compliance with relevant local laws and regulations, and are legally binding and
enforceable.

(b) Fair value of financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
The Group’s financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are not traded in an active market and
the respective fair value is substantially determined by using valuation techniques. During the reporting period, the
Company appointed an external valuer to provide assistance in the valuation of the fair value of relevant financial assets
and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. The discounted cash flow method is normally adopted to determine
the underlying equity value of relevant business, and equity allocation model is adopted to determine the fair value of
the convertible bonds of Yimi Global Limited. Key assumptions, such as discount rate, lack of marketability discount and
volatility are disclosed in Note 22 and Note 28.




                                                                                                                              259
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)

(c) Current and deferred income taxes
The Group is subject to income taxes in different jurisdictions. Significant judgement is required in determining
the worldwide provision for income taxes. There are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax
determination is uncertain. The Group recognises liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on estimates of whether
additional taxes will be due. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially
recorded, such differences will impact the current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities in the period in which
such determination is made.

For temporary differences which give rise to deferred tax assets, the Group assesses the likelihood that the deferred
income tax assets could be recovered. Deferred tax assets are recognized based on the Group’s estimates and assumptions
that they will be recovered from taxable income arising from continuing operations in the foreseeable future.

(d) Impairment of goodwill and other non-financial assets
The Group tests annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired,
whether goodwill has suffered any impairment. Other assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The recoverable amount is determined as higher
of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use amount. These calculations require use of estimates.

For the purposes of determining the value in use of cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units, expected
cash flows generated by relevant assets are discounted to their present value, which requires significant estimates related
to growth rate, gross margin, discount rate and other factors in the cash flow projection. Fair value less costs of disposal is
calculated by benchmarking against the price quotation of a comparable model in the second-hand market, adjusting the
estimated disposal costs.

The revision to the major assumptions adopted may result in recognition of impairment against goodwill, and recognition
or reversal of impairment against other non-financial assets.




260
                                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

(a) Description of segments and principal activities
Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating
decision-maker (“CODM”). The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the
operating segments, has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer (the “CEO”) that makes strategic decisions.

The CEO examines the Group’s performance from a geographic perspective and has identified three reportable segments
of its business generally basing on territories in which the Group operates.

The CEO assesses the performance of the abovementioned segments mainly based on segment revenue, segment gross
profit/(loss), adjusted segment EBITDA and adjusted segment EBIT.

The abovementioned adjusted EBITDA is defined as net profit or loss to exclude the following items (the “Adjustments”):

• Income tax expense

• Finance income/costs – net

• Depreciation and amortisation

• Share-based compensation expenses – employee benefit expenses

• Other gains, expenses or losses the Group and the CEO deem to be one-off

The abovementioned adjusted EBIT is defined as adjusted segment EBITDA to include relevant depreciation and
amortisation.

During the reporting period, items including certain expenses, gains and losses incurred at corporate and holding
companies’ level including the Company, the BVI Holdco, the HK Holding and etc., were defined as un-allocated items.

The revenue from external customers is measured as segment revenue, which is the revenue derived from the customers
in each operating segment respectively.




                                                                                                                         261
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

(b) Segment information
The geographical segment information for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 is as follows:

                                                          Year ended 31 December 2025
                                 South-East                       New         Cross-
                                       Asia         China      Markets       border Unallocated              Total
                                   USD’000        USD’000      USD’000      USD’000    USD’000             USD’000

 Segment revenue                   4,501,804     6,709,703       870,222        76,077              –    12,157,806
 Segment cost of revenue          (3,640,660)   (6,263,140)     (721,852)      (69,479)             –   (10,695,131)
 Segment gross profit                861,144       446,563       148,370         6,598              –     1,462,675

 Adjusted segment EBITDA            705,523        363,301       48,491          4,477       (72,734)     1,049,058

 Adjusted segment EBIT              537,511         93,855         3,777         3,929       (72,957)      566,115


                                                          Year ended 31 December 2024
                                 South-East                       New         Cross-
                                       Asia         China      Markets        border Unallocated             Total
                                  USD’000         USD’000     USD’000       USD’000    USD’000            USD’000

 Segment revenue                  3,220,892      6,388,135      575,550        74,527               –   10,259,104
 Segment cost of revenue         (2,587,661)    (5,965,746)    (545,886)      (81,596)              –   (9,180,889)
 Segment gross profit/(loss)        633,231        422,389       29,664        (7,069)              –    1,078,215

 Adjusted segment EBITDA            455,630       427,290       (42,997)      (28,972)      (32,672)      778,279

 Adjusted segment EBIT              302,744       147,199       (76,465)      (39,244)      (32,951)      301,283




262
                                                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

(b) Segment information (Continued)
                                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                              2025                       2024
                                                                                                           USD’000                    USD’000

 Adjusted EBITDA
   South-East Asia                                                                                          705,523                   455,630
   China                                                                                                    363,301                   427,290
   New Markets                                                                                               48,491                    (42,997)
   Cross-border                                                                                               4,477                    (28,972)
   Un-allocated                                                                                             (72,734)                   (32,672)

 Total adjusted EBITDA                                                                                   1,049,058                    778,279
 Adjustments:
   Depreciation and amortization                                                                           (482,943)                  (476,996)
   Share-based compensation expenses – related to
      employee benefit expenses (Note 8)                                                                   (112,551)                   (86,629)
   Fair value change of the financial liabilities of preferred shares
      (Note 28(a)) (i)                                                                                      (87,502)                       N/A
   Finance income                                                                                            45,579                     40,671
   Finance costs                                                                                           (148,217)                  (126,175)
   Income tax expense                                                                                       (38,090)                   (15,446)

 Profit for the year                                                                                        225,334                   113,704


(i) During the year ended 31 December 2025, as the CEO of the Company assesses the performance of the abovementioned segments, fair value change of
the financial liabilities of preferred shares is deemed to be one-off.




                                                                                                                                              263
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

(b) Segment information (Continued)
The total of non-current assets other than financial instruments and deferred tax assets, broken down by location of the
assets, are shown in the following table:

                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                          2025                  2024
                                                                                       USD’000               USD’000

 China                                                                                2,098,812             1,737,864
 South-East Asia                                                                      1,060,744               923,208
 Cross-border                                                                             5,138                15,665
 New Markets                                                                            339,134               333,681

                                                                                      3,503,828             3,010,418


During the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the revenue which derived from an international e-commerce
platform accounted for 31% and 19% respectively of the Group’s revenue.

(c) Revenue during the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024
                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2025                  2024
                                                                                       USD’000               USD’000

 Type of revenue:
 Express delivery services                                                           11,811,258             9,980,319
 Others                                                                                 346,548               278,785

                                                                                     12,157,806           10,259,104

 Timing of revenue recognition:
 Overtime                                                                            11,796,920             9,926,530
 At a point in time                                                                     295,725               261,396
 Rental income                                                                           65,161                71,178

                                                                                     12,157,806           10,259,104




264
                                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

(d) Accounting policies of revenue recognition
The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when control of the goods or
services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognized over time by reference to the progress towards complete
satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

• The customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the Group
   performs;

• The Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or

• The Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an
   enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

Otherwise, revenue is recognized at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct goods or services.

A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has
transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance with IFRS 9. In
contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required
before payment of that consideration is due.

A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has
received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

A contract asset and a contract liability relating to a contract are accounted for and presented on a net basis.




                                                                                                                             265
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

(d) Accounting policies of revenue recognition (Continued)
Express delivery services
(i) Services provided to pick-up outlets of network partners in China and other countries
The Group offers an integrated express delivery service to pick-up outlets of network partners in China and other
countries, such service includes parcel sorting, line-haul transportation, dispatching and other relevant network
management services. The Group generally involves other outlets of network partners in dispatching. The Group is acting as
principal in providing the entire express delivery service as the Group controls the dispatching services from other outlets
of network partners to integrate into one complete express delivery service and is primarily responsible for the fulfilment
of the express delivery service.

The Group charges pick-up outlets fees based on the parcel’s size, weight, route to the end recipient’s destination and
other factors. The Group satisfies the performance obligation of express delivery service and recognises revenue over time
and uses an output method of progress based on time-in-transit for express delivery service. The Group generally requires
prepayment of such service fees.

In addition, the Group also earns non-refundable fees for initial operating training and other initial services to outlets of
network partners, and such fees are generally recognized as revenue when the services are completed.

(ii) Services provided to enterprise customers/individual customers
The Group also provides an integrated express delivery service directly to certain enterprise/individual customers in China,
Indonesia, Philippines, Thailand, Malaysia, Vietnam and other countries. The Group involves other outlets of network
partners in pick-up, dispatching and other services. The Group is acting as principal in providing the entire express delivery
service as the Group controls relevant services from other outlets of network partners or operating entities of regional
sponsors to integrate into one complete express delivery service and is primarily responsible for the fulfilment of the
express delivery service.

The Group charges the customers based on parcel’s size, weight, route to the end recipient’s destination and other
factors. The Group generally issues billings on a regular basis and grants certain credit periods to such customers. The
Group satisfies the performance obligation of such express delivery service and recognises revenue over time and uses an
output method of progress based on time-in-transit for the express delivery service.

(iii) Cash on delivery services
For cash on delivery services, the Group is generally engaged by its customers (normally on-line shopping platforms or
on-line merchants) to collect cash payment for the merchandise from end-users, then disburse the cash payment to such
customers, and charges certain proportion of the cash payments as service fees as a value-added service on top of the
express delivery services. Generally, all of such service contracts include only one performance obligation as normally
the abovementioned or other relevant promises contained in the service contracts are considered to be not separately
identifiable due to the fact that such promises are highly interrelated, and generally the customer expects the Group to
deliver services with integration of such promises.

For cash on delivery services, the Group generally satisfies a performance obligation and recognises revenue at a point in
time once such services are completed.




266
                                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025




5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

(d) Accounting policies of revenue recognition (Continued)
Express delivery services (Continued)
(iii) Cash on delivery services (Continued)
The Group provides customers with certain volume-based incentives in relation to express delivery services, which
represent variable considerations and are recorded as reductions to the related revenue. The Group estimates the variable
considerations to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue
recognized will not occur. As the incentives are generally determined on a monthly basis, the uncertainty in estimating
the variable considerations to be recorded is very limited.

Cross-border services
For its cross-border services provided to its customers, the Group is generally acting as principal in providing cargo or
parcel collection, transportation and warehousing, customs clearances, dispatching and other relevant services to such
customers as the Group is primarily responsible for and has control over the services. A substantial part of such service
contracts includes only one performance obligation as normally the abovementioned or other relevant promises contained
in the service contracts are considered to be not separately identifiable due to the fact that such promises are highly
interrelated, and generally the customer expects the Group to deliver services with integration of such promises.

For such service, the Group generally satisfies a performance obligation and recognises revenue over time as it transfers
control of such service over time, since the customers receive the benefit of the service as the goods are transported from
one location to another. Revenue is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance
obligation. The Group uses an output method of progress based on time-in-transit as it best depicts the transfer of
control to the customers.

The Group’s revenue also includes sales of accessories, such as J&T-branded packing supplies and apparels. Revenue from
sales of accessories is recognized when control of the product is transferred to the customer and in an amount the Group
expects to earn in exchange for the product.




                                                                                                                           267
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




6. OTHER INCOME

                                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                       2025                        2024
                                                                                                                 USD’000                      USD’000

 Subsidy income                                                                                                       7,287                       4,748
 Interest income on loans to third parties                                                                            5,111                       5,479

                                                                                                                    12,398                      10,227


7. OTHER (LOSSES)/GAINS – NET

                                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                       2025                        2024
                                                                                                                 USD’000                      USD’000

 Exchange (losses)/gains – net                                                                                     (26,198)                       4,228
 Net (losses)/gains on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                   (22,594)                       5,425
 Taxes and surcharges                                                                                              (10,699)                      (9,623)
 Others                                                                                                             13,654                        8,941

                                                                                                                   (45,837)                       8,971


8. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES

                                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                       2025                        2024
                                                                                                                 USD’000                      USD’000

 Salaries and bonuses                                                                                           1,452,166                   1,165,121
 Pension cost – defined contribution plans (i)                                                                      69,695                      48,908
 Share-based compensation expenses (Notes 25 (i), (ii))                                                           112,551                       86,629
 Medical and other benefits                                                                                       116,497                       84,625

                                                                                                                1,750,909                   1,385,283


(i) The Group’s subsidiaries have to make contribution to certain social security plans managed by relevant local government authorities in accordance with
the relevant rules and regulations. Contributions to these plans are charged to the consolidated income statement as and when incurred. The Group has no
legal or constructive obligations to pay further contributions. The Group’s contributions to the defined contribution plans are expensed as incurred and not
reduced by contributions forfeited by those employees who leave the plans prior to vesting fully in the contributions.




268
                                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




9. EXPENSES BY NATURE

                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2025                     2024
                                                                                       USD’000                  USD’000

Fulfilment costs                                                                      5,842,281               5,069,992
Line-haul costs                                                                       2,167,133               1,841,330
Employee benefit expenses (Note 8)                                                    1,750,909               1,385,283
Other labour costs                                                                      752,034                 647,684
Depreciation and amortization (Note 33 (a))                                             482,943                 476,996
Short-term leases and service costs                                                     179,352                 194,693
Materials                                                                               124,723                 115,892
Impairment of property, plant and equipment                                              30,576                       –
Advertising and marketing expenses                                                       11,922                  13,810
Auditors’ remuneration                                                                    2,170                   2,650
Others                                                                                  280,936                 308,163

                                                                                    11,624,979               10,056,493


10. FINANCE COSTS – NET

                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2025                     2024
                                                                                       USD’000                  USD’000

Finance income
Interest income from bank deposits                                                       45,579                   40,671

Finance costs
Interest expenses on lease liabilities (Note 15)                                        (30,595)                 (31,330)
Interest expenses on borrowings
   Includes: Interest expense on borrowings from financial institutions                (103,160)                 (78,560)
             Interest expense on borrowings from third parties                          (14,462)                 (16,285)

Total finance costs                                                                    (148,217)                (126,175)

Finance costs – net                                                                    (102,638)                 (85,504)




                                                                                                                        269
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




11. NET IMPAIRMENT LOSSES ON FINANCIAL ASSETS

                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                              2025                   2024
                                                                                           USD’000                USD’000

 Impairment losses recognized, net of reversal, on:
   – trade receivables                                                                        7,836                  5,527
   – other receivables and other non-current assets                                          19,039                  5,739

                                                                                             26,875                 11,266


12. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income based on the
applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to
temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

The amount of income tax charged to the consolidated income statement represents:

                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                              2025                   2024
                                                                                           USD’000                USD’000

 Current tax on profits for the year                                                         62,599                 37,624
 Deferred income tax (Note 29)                                                              (24,509)               (22,178)

                                                                                             38,090                 15,446


(a) Current income tax
The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the end of
the reporting period in the countries where the company and its subsidiaries and associates operate and generate taxable
income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable
tax regulation is subject to interpretation and considers whether it is probable that a taxation authority will accept an
uncertain tax treatment. The Group measures its tax balances either based on the most likely amount or the expected
value, depending on which method provides a better prediction of the resolution of the uncertainty.

(b) Deferred income tax
Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax bases
of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial information. However, deferred tax liabilities are not
recognized if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill. Deferred income tax is also not accounted for if it arises
from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the
transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and
laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when
the related deferred income tax asset is realized, or the deferred income tax liability is settled.

Deferred tax assets are recognized only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise those
temporary differences and losses.


270
                                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025




12. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)

(b) Deferred income tax (Continued)
Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognized for temporary differences between the carrying amount and
tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the company is able to control the timing of the reversal of the
temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset where there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and
liabilities and where the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority.

Current tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset and intends either
to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

Current and deferred tax is recognized in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognized in other
comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognized in other comprehensive income or
directly in equity, respectively.

The Group considers the lease as a single transaction in which the assets and liabilities are integrally linked. There is no net
temporary difference at inception. Subsequently, when differences on settlement of the liabilities and the amortisation of
right-of-use assets arise, there will be a net temporary difference on which deferred tax is recognized.

Taxes on profits assessable have been calculated at the rates of tax prevailing in the jurisdictions in which relevant entities
operate.

(i) Cayman Islands profits tax
The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability under the
Companies Law (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands and is exempted from payment of
the Cayman Islands income tax.

(ii) British Virgin Islands (“BVI”) profits tax
The Company’s subsidiaries incorporated in the BVI are exempted from BVI income tax, as they are incorporated under
the International Business Companies Act of the BVI.

(iii) Hong Kong profits tax
The Company’s subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong are subject to Hong Kong profits tax at a rate of 8.25% on
assessable profits up to HK$2,000,000, and 16.5% on any part of assessable profits over HK$2,000,000 for the reporting
period.

(iv) PRC corporate income tax (“PRC CIT”)
The Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC are subject to PRC CIT which is calculated based on the applicable tax rate of 25% on
the assessable profits of the subsidiaries in accordance with PRC tax laws and regulations for the reporting period, except
for disclosed below.

One subsidiary of the Group in the PRC is qualified as a software enterprise under the relevant laws and regulations in
the PRC. Accordingly, applicable profits, may be exempted from PRC CIT for two years since the first profit-making year,
followed by a 50% reduction in the PRC CIT tax rate of 25% for the next three years, starting from year 2023.




                                                                                                                               271
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




12. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)

(b) Deferred income tax (Continued)
(iv) PRC corporate income tax (“PRC CIT”) (Continued)
Besides, certain Group’s subsidiaries benefit from preferential tax rate of 15% under the CIT Law if they are located in
applicable PRC regions, such as certain western regions and special economic zone, as specified in the relevant catalogue
of encouraged industries, subject to certain general restrictions described in the CIT Law and the related regulations.

For the reporting period, several subsidiaries in the PRC were qualified as small and micro enterprises under the PRC CIT
regime, which enjoyed a 50%-87.5% reduction in certain statutory taxable income, with a preferential income tax rate of
20%.

(v) Indonesia corporate income tax (“Indonesia CIT”)
The Group’s subsidiaries in Indonesia are subject to Indonesia CIT which is calculated based on the applicable tax rate of
22% on the assessable profits of the subsidiaries in accordance with Indonesia tax laws and regulations for the reporting
period.

(vi) Malaysia corporate income tax (“Malaysia CIT”)
The Group’s subsidiaries in Malaysia are subject to Malaysia CIT which is calculated based on the applicable tax rate of
24% on the assessable profits of the subsidiaries in accordance with Malaysia tax laws and regulations for the reporting
period.

(vii) Vietnam corporate income tax (“Vietnam CIT”)
The Group’s subsidiaries in Vietnam are subject to Vietnam CIT which is calculated based on the applicable tax rate of
20% on the assessable profits of the subsidiaries in accordance with Vietnam tax laws and regulations for the reporting
period.

(viii) Thailand corporate income tax (“Thailand CIT”)
The Group’s subsidiaries in Thailand are subject to Thailand CIT which is calculated based on the applicable tax rate of
20% on the assessable profits of the subsidiaries in accordance with Thailand tax laws and regulations for the reporting
period.

(ix) The Philippines corporate income tax (“the Philippines CIT”)
The Group’s subsidiaries in Philippines are subject to Philippines CIT which is calculated based on the applicable tax rate of
25% on the assessable profits of the subsidiaries in accordance with Philippines tax laws and regulations for the reporting
period.

(x) Mexico corporate income tax (“Mexico CIT”)
The Group’s subsidiaries in Mexico are subject to Mexico CIT which is calculated based on the applicable tax rate of 30%
on the assessable profits of the subsidiaries in accordance with Mexico tax laws and regulations for the reporting period.

(xi) Brazil corporate income tax (“Brazil IRPJ”) and Social Contribution on Net Income (“CSLL”)
The Group’s subsidiary in Brazil is subject to Brazil IRPJ and CSLL which are calculated based on the effective rates (15%
for the corporate income tax, plus a 10% surtax on taxable income exceeding BRL 240,000 in the year and 9% for social
contribution).




272
                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025




12. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)

(b) Deferred income tax (Continued)
(xii) Withholding income tax
According to the Indonesia CIT Law, a 20% withholding tax will be levied on the immediate holding companies established
outside Indonesia when their Indonesian subsidiaries declare dividends out of their profits, and the rate could be lowered
to 5% when certain conditions are met in accordance with Hong Kong – Indonesia Double Tax Treaty.

During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no dividend withholding tax for Indonesia companies was provided
as the directors have confirmed that the Group does not expect those subsidiaries to distribute the retained earnings as at
31 December 2025 and 2024 in the foreseeable future. Unremitted earnings that deferred income tax liabilities have not
been recognized totalled USD281,402,452 and USD277,459,829 as at 31 December 2025 and 2024, respectively.

According to the Philippine CIT Law, withholding tax will be levied on the immediate holding companies established
outside the Philippines when their Philippine subsidiaries declare dividends out of their profits. The withholding tax rates is
15% or 25% for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no dividend withholding tax for the Philippine companies was
provided as the directors have confirmed that the Group does not expect those subsidiaries to distribute the retained
earnings as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 in the foreseeable future. Unremitted earnings that deferred income tax
liabilities have not been recognized totalled USD115,720,011 and USD77,055,661 as at 31 December 2025 and 2024,
respectively.

The difference between the actual income tax expense charged to the consolidated income statement and the amounts
which would result from applying the enacted tax rates to profit before income tax can be reconciled as follows:

                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2025                      2024
                                                                                            USD’000                   USD’000

 Profit before income tax                                                                    263,424                   129,150

 Income tax expenses calculated at applicable tax rates                                      117,709                    27,123
 Additional deduction of research and development expense                                     (6,366)                    (4,206)
 Costs, expenses and losses not deductible for tax purposes                                   41,511                    22,175
 Previously unrecognized tax losses and deductible temporary
    differences utilised                                                                    (147,278)                  (60,844)
 Previously unrecognized tax losses and deductible temporary
    differences recognized as deferred tax assets                                             (77,577)                 (47,179)
 Deductible temporary differences for which no deferred tax
    asset was recognized                                                                      16,562                     2,859
 Tax losses for which no deferred tax asset was recognized                                    93,529                    75,518

                                                                                              38,090                    15,446




                                                                                                                              273
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




12. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)

(b) Deferred income tax (Continued)
(xii) Withholding income tax (Continued)
The Group is within the scope of the OECD Pillar Two model rules, and it applies the IAS 12 exception to recognizing and
disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two income taxes. Pillar Two legislation
came into effect from 1 January 2024 in certain countries, including Vietnam and certain European countries. From 1
January 2025, Pillar 2 legislation came into effect in more tax jurisdictions, including Hong Kong SAR in China, Singapore,
Malaysia, Indonesia and Thailand.

Under the legislation, the Group is liable to pay a top-up tax for the difference between the Global Anti-Base Erosion
Proposal (‘GloBE’) effective tax rate for each jurisdiction and the 15% minimum rate. The Group has estimated that they
might not be exposed to pay Pillar Two income taxes in the jurisdictions in which it operates with effective Pillar Two
legislation.

Based on management’s assessment, the application of the Pillar Two legislation will not be expected to increase the
Group’s annual effective tax rate for the fiscal year of 2025. In addition, based on the current assessment there is no
material impact from exposure to Pillar Two legislation on the going concern assessment or on any asset impairment.


13. EARNINGS PER SHARE

(a) Basic
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to owners of the Company by the weighted
average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year, excluding relevant treasury shares if applicable.

                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                             2025                   2024

 Net profit attributable to owners of the Company (USD’000)                               198,412               100,559

 Weighted average number of ordinary shares (thousands):
 Class A Shares outstanding                                                               917,981               892,534
 Class B Shares outstanding                                                             7,821,840             7,817,178

 Total weighted average number of shares outstanding                                    8,739,821             8,709,712

 Basic earnings per share (USD cent)                                                           2.3                    1.2




274
                                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




13. EARNINGS PER SHARE (Continued)

(b) Diluted
The calculation of the diluted earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company,
adjusted to reflect the impact from any dilutive potential ordinary shares that would have been outstanding, as
appropriate. The weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating diluted earnings per share is the
weighted average number of ordinary shares, as used in the basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted
average number of relevant dilutive ordinary shares assumed to have been issued on the deemed earliest exercise or
conversion date.

                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                            2025                      2024

 Net profit attributable to owners of the Company (USD’000)                              198,412                  100,559
 Adjustment for fair value change of JET Global’s convertible
   preferred shares through profit or loss                                                      –                 (41,119)
 Adjustment for fair value change of JET Global’s convertible note
   through profit or loss                                                                      –                        4
 Net profit attributable to owners of the Company (USD’000)                              198,412                   59,444

 Weighted average number of shares (thousands):
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding                                         8,739,821               8,709,712
 Adjustment for convertible preferred shares of JET Global                                     –                 426,763
 Adjustment for convertible note of JET Global                                                 –                  57,235
 Adjustment for ordinary shares with vesting schedules                                   100,320                 131,176

 Weighted average number of shares for calculation of diluted
  earnings per share                                                                   8,840,141               9,324,886

 Diluted earnings per share (USD cent)                                                        2.2                       0.6


For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group had potential ordinary shares of the Company including ordinary
shares with vesting schedules (Note 25), which were dilutive with relevant impact described above.

For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group had potential ordinary shares of the Company including Series A
Preferred Shares of JET Global (Note 28), convertible notes of JET Global (Note 28), redemption liabilities of shares of
JNT KSA (Note 28), convertible loans of JNT KSA (Note 28) and ordinary shares with vesting schedules (Note 25), among
which Series A Preferred Shares of JET Global, convertible notes of JET Global and ordinary shares with vesting schedules
were dilutive with relevant impact described above, and redemption liabilities of shares of JNT KSA and convertible loans
of JNT KSA were anti-dilutive mainly due relevant interest expenses incurred.




                                                                                                                         275
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                       Buildings and        Logistic                 Leasehold        Office                          Construction
                                        warehouses       equipment      Vehicles improvements     equipment        Land     Others     in progress       Total
                                             USD’000       USD’000      USD’000        USD’000      USD’000     USD’000    USD’000        USD’000      USD’000

 Cost
 As at 1 January 2024                        69,118         884,824     465,968        103,071      140,043      91,247      1,009         140,510    1,895,790
 Acquisition of subsidiaries                      –               –       6,108             16        2,448           –          –             505        9,077
 Transfer from investment properties            133               –           –              –            –           –          –               –          133
 Transfer to investment properties             (461)              –           –              –            –           –          –               –         (461)
 Transfer upon completion                    57,991         134,890      55,749         14,555        4,269           –          –        (267,454)           –
 Other additions                                  –          15,780     120,281         18,672       16,607           –          –         346,223      517,563
 Other disposals                               (610)        (48,643)    (46,527)        (6,385)      (9,217)          –          –          (1,434)    (112,816)
 Exchange differences                        (3,928)        (17,349)    (13,682)        (3,691)      (5,707)       (172)       (26)         (1,944)     (46,499)

 As at 31 December 2024                     122,243         969,502     587,897        126,238      148,443      91,075       983         216,406     2,262,787

 Acquisition of subsidiaries                      –               –           3              –             –          –          –          69,744       69,747
 Transfer to intangible assets                    –               –           –              –             –          –          –            (523)        (523)
 Transfer upon completion                   190,217         256,709      15,298         19,490         5,704          –          –        (487,418)           –
 Other additions                              6,331          70,266     118,124         11,654        19,669          –          –         417,043      643,087
 Other disposals                             (7,700)        (89,286)    (32,827)       (17,135)      (12,609)         –       (931)         (1,780)    (162,268)
 Exchange differences                        (1,432)         30,814      11,013          4,840         1,691      1,871         24           2,103       50,924

 As at 31 December 2025                     309,659       1,238,005     699,508        145,087      162,898      92,946         76        215,575     2,863,754

 Depreciation
 As at 1 January 2024                        (14,845)      (147,140)    (212,263)      (48,569)      (66,779)         –       (499)              –     (490,095)
 Transfer from investment properties              (53)            –            –             –             –          –          –               –           (53)
 Transfer to investment properties               375              –            –             –             –          –          –               –          375
 Charge for the year                          (6,698)       (86,102)     (94,270)      (25,267)      (28,300)         –       (244)              –     (240,881)
 Other disposals                                    –        15,134       25,070         4,465         4,214          –          –               –       48,883
 Exchange differences                            732          4,768        3,357         1,883         2,804          –          4               –       13,548

 As at 31 December 2024                      (20,489)      (213,340)    (278,106)      (67,488)      (88,061)         –       (739)              –     (668,223)

 Charge for the year                          (9,997)       (80,734)     (98,735)      (29,037)      (25,476)         –       (183)              –     (244,162)
 Other disposals                                 968         22,654       12,719        16,818         7,853          –        917               –       61,929
 Exchange differences                            311         (8,760)      (5,511)       (2,936)         (680)         –         (6)              –      (17,582)

 As at 31 December 2025                      (29,207)      (280,180)    (369,633)      (82,643)     (106,364)         –        (11)              –     (868,038)

 Impairment
 As at 1 January 2024                         (1,353)      (174,277)        (127)      (15,307)       (3,714)         –          –         (32,227)    (227,005)
 Transfer upon completion                          –          (5,428)          –             –             –          –          –           5,428            –
 Other disposals                                 228         15,123            –             –           147          –          –               –       15,498
 Currency translation differences                490           1,744           9           113            87          –          –              38        2,481

 As at 31 December 2024                         (635)      (162,838)        (118)      (15,194)       (3,480)         –          –         (26,761)    (209,026)

 Transfer upon completion                           –         4,362           –              –             –          –          –          (4,362)           –
 Charge for the year                                –       (29,734)          –           (774)          (38)         –          –             (30)     (30,576)
 Other disposals                                    –        16,906          61              –           204          –          –           1,392       18,563
 Currency translation differences                   –        (3,469)         (3)          (190)         (130)         –          –             (78)      (3,870)

 As at 31 December 2025                         (635)      (174,773)         (60)      (16,158)       (3,444)         –          –         (29,839)    (224,909)

 Net book amount
 As at 31 December 2025                     279,817         783,052     329,815         46,286        53,090     92,946         65        185,736     1,770,807

 As at 31 December 2024                     101,119         593,324     309,673         43,556        56,902     91,075       244         189,645     1,385,538




276
                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025




14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs to their residual values over their estimated
useful lives as follows:

Buildings and warehouses                             10-20 years
Logistic equipment                                   3-10 years
Vehicles                                             3-10 years
Office equipment                                     2-5 years
Freehold Land                                        Infinite useful life
Leasehold improvements                               Estimated useful lives or remaining lease terms, whichever is shorter

Depreciation expenses have been charged to the consolidated income statement as follows:

                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2025                      2024
                                                                                            USD’000                   USD’000

 Cost of revenue                                                                             221,602                   217,187
 Selling, general and administrative expenses                                                 22,209                    23,178
 Research and development expenses                                                               351                       516

                                                                                             244,162                   240,881


As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, property, plant and equipment with carrying amount of USD104,637,000 and
USD108,588,000 were pledged as securities for the Group’s borrowings from financial institutions (Note 27) respectively.

For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group formulated certain relocation plans for certain distribution centres as a
result of its effort to optimize its line-haul network, and impairment charges amounting to around USD30,576,000 were
recognised, representing the difference between the recoverable amount of relevant assets and relevant carrying amount.




                                                                                                                              277
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




15. LEASES

(i) Relevant right-of-use assets and lease liabilities recognized in the consolidated balance sheet are as follows:

                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                               2025                      2024
                                                                                            USD’000                   USD’000

 Right-of-use assets
 Buildings and warehouses                                                                    469,497                  416,773
 Vehicles                                                                                      1,569                      850
 Land                                                                                         94,501                   58,466
 Equipment and others                                                                             90                    1,118

                                                                                             565,657                  477,207

 Lease liabilities
 Current lease liabilities                                                                   165,870                  172,442
 Non-current lease liabilities                                                               330,962                  296,728

                                                                                             496,832                  469,170


Additions to the right-of-use assets during the financial years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 were USD243,118,000
and USD209,091,000 respectively.

(ii) Relevant depreciation charge of right-of-use assets, interest expense, expenses relating to short-term leases
     recognized in the consolidated income statement are as follows:


                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2025                      2024
                                                                                            USD’000                   USD’000

 Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets
 Buildings and warehouses                                                                    213,069                  207,850
 Vehicles                                                                                      1,146                    1,467
 Land                                                                                          2,712                    1,188
 Equipment and others                                                                          1,106                    4,949

                                                                                             218,033                  215,454

 Interest expense (Note 10)                                                                    30,595                  31,330
 Expense relating to short-term leases (included in cost of revenue,
    selling, general and administrative expenses, research, and
    development expenses)                                                                    134,188                  142,600




278
                                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025




15. LEASES (Continued)

(ii) Relevant depreciation charge of right-of-use assets, interest expense, expenses relating to short-term leases
   recognized in the consolidated income statement are as follows: (Continued)


For the year ended 31 December 2025, around USD1,110,000 of the depreciation charge of right-of-use assets was
included in property, plant and equipment. (2024: USD1,021,000)

The total cash outflows for leases payments for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 were USD407,109,000
and USD422,253,000 respectively. For the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, among the cash outflow for lease
payments, cash outflow for the principal elements of lease payments were USD241,143,000 and USD246,501,000
respectively, which is presented in cash flows from financing activities. The lease payments related to short-term leases
were USD165,966,000 and USD175,752,000 for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, which are presented in
cash flows from operating activities.

As at 31 December 2025, right-of-use assets with carrying amount of USD8,282,000 was pledged as securities for the
Group’s borrowings from financial institutions (Note 27). (2024: USD8,284,000)

(iii) The Group’s leasing activities and how these are accounted for
The Group leases various offices, warehouses, vehicles, land and equipment. Lease contracts are typically made for fixed
periods of 1 year to 6 years but may have extension options as described in (v) below.

Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. Under
certain circumstances, certain amount of deposits is required to be paid to the lessors. Generally leased assets may not be
used as security for borrowing purposes.

(iv) Variable lease payments
The Group’s property leases generally do not contain material variable payment terms that are linked to sales generated.

(v) Extension and termination options
The majority of extension and termination options held are exercisable by mutual agreement of the Group and the
respective lessors.

(vi) Residual value guarantees
The Group generally does not provide residual value guarantees in relation to equipment leases.




                                                                                                                           279
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




16. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                              Customer                          License
                                   Software       Goodwill relationship       Trademark      and others       Total
                                    USD’000        USD’000     USD’000           USD’000       USD’000      USD’000

 Cost
 As at 1 January 2024                 19,005        955,177       165,956          1,350          1,791    1,143,279
 Acquisition of subsidiaries (b)          41        127,917        53,000              –              –      180,958
 Other additions                       1,085              –             –              –              –        1,085
 Other disposals                        (252)             –             –           (122)             –         (374)
 Exchange differences                   (303)       (15,001)       (3,825)           (27)           (21)     (19,177)

 As at 31 December 2024               19,576      1,068,093       215,131          1,201          1,770    1,305,771
 Acquisition of subsidiaries               –         10,133             –              –              –       10,133
 Transfer upon completion                523              –             –              –              –          523
 Other additions                       2,782              –             –              –          1,668        4,450
 Other disposals                      (1,333)             –             –              –           (876)      (2,209)
 Exchange differences                    592          6,295        (2,285)            12             59        4,673

 As at 31 December 2025               22,140      1,084,521       212,846          1,213          2,621    1,323,341

 Amortization
 As at 1 January 2024                 (13,875)             –       (34,260)          (602)         (986)     (49,723)
 Additions                             (1,788)             –       (18,834)          (392)         (281)     (21,295)
 Other disposals                          147              –             –             81             –          228
 Exchange differences                     146              –           752              7            20          925

 As at 31 December 2024               (15,370)             –       (52,342)          (906)       (1,247)     (69,865)
 Additions                             (2,154)             –       (19,193)          (139)         (363)     (21,849)
 Other disposals                          746              –             –              –            55          801
 Exchange differences                    (512)             –           406             (9)          (28)        (143)

 As at 31 December 2025               (17,290)             –       (71,129)        (1,054)       (1,583)     (91,056)

 Impairment
 As at 1 January 2024                       –      (115,543)        (3,488)             –             –     (119,031)
 Exchange differences                       –         1,699            114              –             –        1,813

 As at 31 December 2024                     –      (113,844)        (3,374)             –             –     (117,218)
 Exchange differences                       –        (2,585)          (177)             –             –       (2,762)

 As at 31 December 2025                     –      (116,429)        (3,551)             –             –     (119,980)

 Carrying values
 As at 31 December 2025                 4,850       968,092       138,166            159          1,038    1,112,305

 As at 31 December 2024                 4,206       954,249       159,415            295           523     1,118,688


The above mentioned software was all externally acquired rather than internally developed.




280
                                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025




16. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

Goodwill is measured as described in Note 43.2 Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is included in intangible
assets. Goodwill is not amortised, but it is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in
circumstances indicate that it might be impaired and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Gains and
losses on the disposal of an entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.

Customer relationships acquired in a business combination are recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Customer
relationships have a finite useful life and are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment. Amortisation is
calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated life. The Group’s customer relationships were mainly related
to several business combinations, representing relevant customers acquired. Because the annual churn rate of such
customers was around 9% historically prior to relevant business combinations, the same assumptions were applied for
the Company (i.e., customers would keep exiting the network at a rate of 9% each year), which means it will take around
10-12 years for such customers to exit completely.

(a) During the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no development costs were capitalised as intangible assets.

The Group amortises intangible assets with a limited useful life using the straight-line method over the following periods:

Software                                                2-5 years
Customer relationship                                   10-12 years
Trademark                                               10-20 years
Licence                                                 5-7 years

Amortization expenses have been charged to the consolidated income statement as follows:

                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                              2025                     2024
                                                                                           USD’000                  USD’000

 Cost of revenue                                                                                225                      381
 Selling, general and administrative expenses                                                21,624                   20,914

                                                                                             21,849                   21,295


(b) Impairment test for goodwill
A cash-generating unit (CGU) is the smallest group of assets that independently generates cash flow and whose cash flow is
largely independent of the cash flows generated by other assets.

Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units or groups of CGUs for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is
made to those cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the business
combination in which the goodwill arose. The units or groups of units are identified at the lowest level at which goodwill is
monitored for internal management purposes.




                                                                                                                            281
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




16. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

(b) Impairment test for goodwill (Continued)
Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s CGUs or groups of CGUs identified according to the territories in which the Group
operates:

                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                               2025                  2024
                                                                                            USD’000               USD’000

 China                                                                                      499,876               478,715
 Indonesia                                                                                  185,133               195,588
 Mexico                                                                                     130,968               127,917
 Thailand                                                                                    99,545                93,013
 Brazil                                                                                      50,111                56,569
 Others                                                                                       2,459                 2,447

                                                                                            968,092               954,249


The movement of carrying amount of goodwill for each respective CGUs is set out below:

                                                 China        Indonesia           Mexico         Thailand           Brazil
                                               USD’000          USD’000          USD’000         USD’000          USD’000

 As at 31 December 2023                         485,859         202,695                –           92,058           56,569
 Acquisition of subsidiaries                          –               –          127,917                –                –
 Exchange differences                            (7,144)         (7,107)               –              955                –

 As at 31 December 2024                         478,715         195,588          127,917           93,013           56,569

 Acquisition of subsidiaries                     10,133                –                –                 –              –
 Exchange differences                            11,028          (10,455)           3,051             6,532         (6,458)

 As at 31 December 2025                         499,876         185,133          130,968           99,545           50,111


The recoverable amount of a CGU or a group of CGUs is determined based on value-in-use calculations. These
calculations use pre-tax cash flow projections based on certain assumptions made by management covering a five-year
period (the “Period”). The key assumptions used for value-in-use calculations for the reporting period (if applicable) are as
follows:




282
                                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




16. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

(b) Impairment test for goodwill (Continued)
2025

                                                China       Indonesia         Mexico         Thailand               Brazil

 Annual growth rate within the Period    3.7%~15.2%      9.8%~25.4%      10.0%~38.6%     2.2%~12.9%       10.0%~29.9%
 Growth rate to extrapolate
    cash flows beyond the Period               2.0%            2.5%             3.0%           1.8%              3.0%
 Gross margin                             6.0%~8.3%      7.1%~12.9%      17.4%~23.3%     9.6%~13.0%       21.7%~22.7%
 Pre-tax discount rate                       17.06%          17.79%           25.23%         19.38%            28.42%
 Excess of recoverable amount over
    carrying value (USD 000)                  683,374        555,776           60,068         133,946              36,257


2024

                                                China        Indonesia         Mexico         Thailand               Brazil

 Annual growth rate within the Period     4.4%-19.1%     9.8%-14.8% 10.0%-181.1%          2.4%-31.0%       10.0%-97.1%
 Growth rate to extrapolate
    cash flows beyond the Period                2.0%           2.5%             3.0%            2.0%              3.0%
 Gross margin                              7.0%-7.6%    21.6%-23.6%      24.9%-27.0%      9.5%-16.6%       12.1%-24.1%
 Pre-tax discount rate                        17.32%         18.05%           26.70%          20.39%            27.59%
 Excess of recoverable amount over
    carrying value (USD 000)                  574,371       1,386,711          59,896         140,069               7,869


Management determined budgeted gross margin and growth rates based on past performance and its expectations
of market development. The growth rates to extrapolate cash flows beyond the Period are consistent with published
forecasted economic data. The discount rates used are pre-tax after reflecting specific risks of the relevant CGUs and
groups of CGUs.




                                                                                                                        283
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




16. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

(b) Impairment test for goodwill (Continued)
The recoverable amount of the following CGUs would equal its carrying amount if the key assumptions were to change
relatively as follows:

                                                                                  As at 31 December 2025
                                                             China          Indonesia        Mexico      Thailand                             Brazil

 Decrease in annual growth rate within
    the Period                                               (49%)                (12%)               (25%)               (95%)                (19%)
 Decrease in growth rate to extrapolate
    cash flows beyond the Period                            (385%)            (1006%)               (285%)             (1264%)               (331%)
 Decrease in gross margin                                    (16%)              (26%)                (11%)               (17%)                 (5%)
 Increase in pre-tax discount rate                            50%                57%                  55%                 73%                  12%


                                                                           As at 31 December 2024
                                                             China          Indonesia        Mexico                    Thailand                Brazil

 Decrease in annual growth rate within
    the Period                                               (25%)             (248%)                (14%)              (112%)                 (3%)
 Decrease in growth rate to extrapolate
    cash flows beyond the Period                           (283%)                  N/A(i)           (283%)            (1110%)                 (47%)
 Decrease in gross margin                                    (12%)               (51%)               (11%)              (21%)                  (1%)
 Increase in pre-tax discount rate                            38%                193%                 57%                43%                    3%


(i) As per relevant assessment, the headroom would not decrease to zero even if growth rate in extrapolate cash flows beyond the Period dropped to minus
10%.


As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, it is unlikely that any reasonable possible changes in key assumptions would lead to
impairment for the goodwill of the Group.




284
                                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025




17. MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES AND CONTROLLED ENTITIES

The Company’s investments in subsidiaries are as follows:

                                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                                              2025                     2024
                                                                                           USD’000                  USD’000

 Investment in Onwing Global Limited                                                      1,084,298               1,053,676
 Investment in J&T International Logistics Limited                                          124,506                 124,506

                                                                                          1,208,804               1,178,182


Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable costs of investment.
The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received and receivable.

Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these investments if the
dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the dividend is declared or if the carrying
amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial
statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.

Controlled entities of the Group
There are entities controlled by the Company under certain contractual arrangements. The Company does not have
legal ownership in equity of these entities or their subsidiaries. There are also entities controlled by the Company where
the Company is holding less than 50% of their equity interests respectively due to certain local restrictions on foreign
ownership of companies that provide express delivery services. Nevertheless, under certain contractual arrangements or
shareholder’s agreements entered into with the registered owners or together with other local owners of these entities,
the Company and its other legally owned subsidiaries control these entities by way by controlling their major corporate
governance and decision-making processes and directing the results of such processes, governing their major operating,
investment, and financing policies and etc. In addition, the Company and its other legally owned subsidiaries are also
exposed to variable returns in such companies through certain service contracts, which constitute substantially all the
net income of such companies, dividend income as a result of its direct shareholding and as per relevant shareholder’s
agreements, and etc. Therefore, the Group has rights to exercise power over these entities, receives variable returns from
its involvement in these entities, and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over these entities. As a
result, they are presented as controlled entities of the Group.




                                                                                                                            285
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




17. MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES AND CONTROLLED ENTITIES (Continued)

Controlled entities of the Group (Continued)
As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, and as at the date of this report, the Company had the following major subsidiaries
(including controlled structured entities):

                                                                                                                                                          Percentage of Attributable equity
                                                                                                                        Paid-in capital                       interest to the Company
                                                                                                                        As at                     As at           As at                As at
                                                                             Country/Place of operation          31 December               31 December     31 December          31 December
 Name of entity                                  Type of legal entity        and date of incorporation                  2025                      2024            2025                 2024 Principal activities

 Indirectly held:
 J&T International Logistics Limited (Note 2) Limited liability company      The PRC, 10 January 2018         CNY200,020,000     CNY200,020,000                  100%                 100% Cross-border services
 Thuan Phong Express Company Limited             Limited liability company   Vietnam, 13 January 2016      VND112,500,000,000 VND112,500,000,000                 100%                 100% Express delivery services
 PH Global Jet Express Inc. doing business under Limited liability company   The Philippines,                  PHP39,375,000       PHP39,375,000                99.97%               99.97% Express delivery services
    the name and style of J&T Express (PH GJE)                                  14 September 2018
 J&T Express (Malaysia) Sdn.Bhd.                 Limited liability company   Malaysia, 10 January 2018         MYR3,878,075           MYR3,878,075                100%                100% Express delivery services
 Global Jet Express (Thailand) Co., Ltd.         Limited liability company   Thailand, 17 August 2018         THB123,507,750         THB123,507,750                                   Note 1 Express delivery services

 Controlled entities:
 J&T Express China Co., Ltd. (Note 2)            Limited liability company   The PRC, 29 September 2007        CNY10,000,000          CNY10,000,000               100%                 100% Courier and warehousing
                                                                                                                                                                                               services
 J&T Express (Jinhua) Supply Chain               Limited liability company   The PRC, 28 October 2019          CNY10,000,000          CNY10,000,000               100%                 100% Courier and warehousing
     Co., Ltd. (Note 2)                                                                                                                                                                        services
 J&T Express (Hebei) Acme Supply Chain           Limited liability company   The PRC, 13 November 2019         CNY10,000,000          CNY10,000,000                85%                  85% Courier and warehousing
     Management Co., Ltd. (Note 2)                                                                                                                                                             services
 J&T Express (Shandong) Supply Chain             Limited liability company   The PRC, 31 October 2019          CNY10,000,000          CNY10,000,000                85%                  85% Courier and warehousing
     Co., Ltd. (Note 2)                                                                                                                                                                        services
 J&T Express (Henan) Acme Supply Chain           Limited liability company   The PRC, 1 November 2019          CNY10,000,000          CNY10,000,000                85%                  85% Courier and warehousing
     Co., Ltd. (Note 2)                                                                                                                                                                        services
 J&T Express (Jieyang) Supply Chain              Limited liability company   The PRC, 5 November 2019           CNY6,600,000              CNY6,600,000             85%                  85% Courier and warehousing
     Management Co., Ltd. (Note 2)                                                                                                                                                             services
 J&T Express (Guangzhou) Supply Chain            Limited liability company   The PRC, 18 October 2019          CNY10,000,000          CNY10,000,000               100%                 100% Courier and warehousing
     Co., Ltd. (Note 2)                                                                                                                                                                        services
 J&T Express (Fujian) Supply Chain               Limited liability company   The PRC, 7 November 2019          CNY10,000,000          CNY10,000,000                85%                  85% Courier and warehousing
     Management Co., Ltd. (Note 2)                                                                                                                                                             services
 Pt. Global Jet Express                          Limited liability company   Indonesia, 20 December 2006     IDR3,000,000,000       IDR3,000,000,000              100%                 100% Express delivery services


Notes:

(1) As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Company indirectly owns around 74% shareholding of Global Jet Express (Thailand) Co., Ltd., and according to
relevant investment agreements, the Company indirectly enjoys substantially 100% of the dividend interests of Global Jet Express (Thailand) Co., Ltd..

(2) The English names of the companies referred above represent the best effort made by the management of the Company to directly translate the Chinese
names as they have not registered any official English names.




286
                                                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025




18. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                2025                     2024
Financial Assets                                                         Note                USD’000                  USD’000

Financial assets at amortised cost
   Trade receivables                                                     20                   952,894                 680,180
   Other receivables and other assets (excluding prepayments)            21                   449,317                 438,643
   Other non-current assets (excluding prepayments)                      19                    25,870                  23,951
   Restricted cash                                                       23                   130,001                  40,861
   Cash and cash equivalents                                             23                 2,009,499               1,596,931

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                    22                  778,647                   673,966

                                                                                            4,346,228               3,454,532


                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                2025                     2024
Financial Liabilities                                                    Note                USD’000                  USD’000

Financial Liabilities at amortised cost
   Trade payables                                                        30                  741,090                   589,860
   Accruals and other payables (excluding salary and welfare
      payables, tax payables and other non-financial liabilities)        32                   853,728                 653,795
   Advances from customers                                               31                   345,621                 322,333
   Borrowings                                                            27                 2,408,988               1,583,192
   Lease liabilities                                                     15                   496,832                 469,170
   Financial liabilities – redemption liabilities of shares of JNT KSA   28                    72,233                  65,958

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss               28                  430,309                   660,493

                                                                                            5,348,801               4,344,801




                                                                                                                              287
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




19. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2025                2024
                                                                                               USD’000             USD’000

 Prepayments for constructions                                                                  53,104              26,599
 Loans to related party – non-current portion (Note 35(c))                                      16,752                   –
 Deposits                                                                                        9,109              23,650
 Others                                                                                              9                 301

                                                                                                78,974              50,550


20. TRADE RECEIVABLES

                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2025                2024
                                                                                               USD’000             USD’000

 Trade receivables                                                                             982,042             707,385
 Less: provision for impairment                                                                (29,148)            (27,205)

                                                                                               952,894             680,180


The majority of the balances of trade receivables are generally due from customers of express delivery services, to whom
the Group generally grants a credit period of 30 to 120 days.

For outlets of network partners in China, service fees are typically required to be prepaid.




288
                                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




20. TRADE RECEIVABLES (Continued)

The aging analysis of trade receivables based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                               2025                     2024
                                                                                            USD’000                  USD’000

 Within 1 month                                                                             532,073                   380,008
 1–4 months                                                                                 366,510                   261,764
 4–6 months                                                                                  66,793                     47,704
 6–9 months                                                                                  10,742                      7,208
 9–12 months                                                                                  2,169                      5,124
 Above 12 months                                                                              3,755                      5,577
 Less: provision for impairment                                                             (29,148)                   (27,205)

 Total                                                                                      952,894                   680,180


The Group applies the simplified approach under IFRS 9, which requires lifetime expected losses to be recognized from
initial recognition of the assets. The provision matrix is determined based on historical observed default rates over the
expected life of the trade receivables with similar credit risk characteristics and forward-looking estimates. At the end of
each reporting period, the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are
analysed. Information about the impairment of trade receivables and the Group’s exposure to credit risk is described in
Note 3.1.

The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade receivables approximated their fair values as at the balance sheet dates.


21. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES, AND OTHER ASSETS

                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                               2025                     2024
                                                                                            USD’000                  USD’000

 Loans to third parties                                                                      83,792                   115,279
 Prepaid VAT and other taxes                                                                704,610                   650,679
 Deposits                                                                                    99,465                    98,648
 Prepaid expenses                                                                           116,876                    82,582
 Others                                                                                     282,938                   233,234

 Less: allowance for credit losses                                                           (16,878)                   (8,518)

                                                                                           1,270,803               1,171,904


As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, loans to third parties due within one year were included in current assets.

Terms for loans to third parties were negotiated on a case-by-case basis and during the reporting period, the Group and
the Company entered into loan agreements with third parties with terms ranging from 3 months to 16 months, with
annual interest rates from 3.1% to 6% per annum and unsecured.



                                                                                                                             289
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




22. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                            2025                   2024
                                                                                         USD’000                USD’000

 Current
   Bank wealth management products (i)                                                     63,451                 43,823
   Other investments (iv)                                                                  57,589                 57,373

                                                                                          121,040               101,196

 Non-current
  Investments in the convertible bonds of Yimi Global Limited (ii)                        479,551               476,409
  Investments in private equity funds of Windfall T&L SPC (iii)                           155,271                86,539
  Other investments (iv)                                                                   22,785                 9,822

                                                                                          657,607               572,770

                                                                                          778,647               673,966


(i) Bank wealth management products purchased by the Group were issued by major and reputable commercial banks
without guaranteed returns. The Group manages and evaluates the performance of investments on a fair value basis
in accordance with the Group’s risk management and investment strategy. The fair values of part of the bank wealth
management products are based on cash flow discounted using the expected return based on observable market inputs
and are within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.

(ii) The Group invested around USD457,000,000 in 2022 and further invested around USD58,000,000 in May 2023 in the
convertible bonds issued by Yimi Global Limited, a related party, engaged in the industry of freight less-than truckload
delivery business, which was accounted for as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.

The bond matures in seven years after its issuance and may be extended at the holder’s discretion, the interest of which
is 1.5% per annum. At the discretion of the holder, the entire principal amount may be converted into preferred shares
to be issued by the Yimi Global Limited in the event of any of its future equity financing transaction, with the conversion
price as 80% of the price at its latest equity financing immediately prior to it.

With the assistance from an external valuer appointed by the Group, the Group applied the discounted cash flow method
to determine the underlying equity value of Yimi Global Limited, and adopted equity allocation model (if applicable) to
determine the fair value of the abovementioned convertible bonds.




290
                                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025




22. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS (Continued)

In determining the fair value of the abovementioned convertible bonds, one or more of the significant inputs are not
based on observable market data, and therefore the Group included the abovementioned investments in level 3 financial
instruments. Key assumptions are set out as below:

                                                                                         Relationship of unobservable
                                                          As at 31 December              inputs to fair value
                                                              2025               2024

 Discount rate                                              15.7%              14.6%     The higher the discount rate, the
                                                                                           lower the fair value
 Discount of lack of marketability (“DLOM”)                 21.0%              24.0%     The higher the DLOM, the lower
                                                                                           the fair value
 Expected volatility                                        44.4%              48.3%     The higher the expected volatility,
                                                                                           the lower the fair value


Discount rate was estimated by weighted average cost of capital as at the valuation date. The DLOM was estimated
based on the option-pricing method. Under the option pricing method, the cost of put option, which can hedge the
price change before the privately held share can be sold, was considered as a basis to determine the lack of marketability
discount. Expected volatility was estimated based on annualized standard deviation of daily stock price return of
comparable companies for the period before respective valuation date and with similar span as time to expiration. In
addition to the assumptions adopted above, the Yimi Global Limited’s projections of future performance were also
factored into the determination of the underlying equity value of Yimi Global Limited on the valuation date.

The estimated carrying amount of relevant convertible bonds as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 would have been
USD17,310,000 lower/USD23,711,000 higher and USD13,067,000 lower/USD14,844,000 higher, respectively, should the
discount rate used in discounted cash flow analysis be higher/lower by 100 basis points from management’s estimates.

(iii) During year 2025, the Group invested around USD92,001,000 in certain private equity funds of Windfall T&L SPC,
focusing on investing in industries such as logistics and its upstream and downstream industry chains.

Generally, investments in private equity funds of Windfall T&L SPC comprise the financial instruments in level 1 and level 3,
respectively (Note 3.3).

Investments in certain private equity funds of Windfall T&L SPC included the relevant investments in level 1 financial
instruments, as the investments are traded in active markets and the fair value of the investments is based on quoted
market prices at each of the reporting dates.

Investments in certain other private equity funds of Windfall T&L SPC included the relevant investments in level 3 financial
instruments, as one or more of the significant inputs are not based on observable market data. The portfolio of the
abovementioned private equity funds typically include equity interests or debt issued by private companies and publicly-
traded companies.




                                                                                                                            291
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




22. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS (Continued)

The aggregated movements of investments in relevant private equity funds of Windfall T&L SPC are set out below:

                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2025                   2024
                                                                                       USD’000                USD’000

 Carrying amount at the beginning of the year                                            86,539                159,054
 Investment made                                                                         92,001                  59,500
 Redemption of investments                                                                    –               (112,917)
 Changes in fair value – profit or loss                                                 (23,269)                (19,098)

 Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                 155,271                 86,539


The Group does not seek control or significant influence over the abovementioned investments and accounts for them as
financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.

In determining the fair value of the abovementioned level 3 financial instruments, one or more of the significant inputs
are not based on observable market data. These quantitative and unobservable inputs are not developed by the Group.
Key assumptions are set out as below:

                                                                        Relationship of unobservable
                                                                        inputs to fair value

 Discount rate                                   Not observable         The higher the discount rate, the lower the
                                                                          fair value
 Discount of lack of marketability (“DLOM”)      Not observable         The higher the DLOM, the lower the fair value
 Expected volatility                             Not observable         The higher the expected volatility, the lower the
                                                                          fair value

(iv) Other investments comprise the financial instruments in level 1 and level 3 (Note 3.3) (current and non-current
portion)

The Group included the relevant investments in level 1 financial instruments, as the investments are traded in active
markets and the fair value of the investments is based on quoted market prices at each of the reporting dates.




292
                                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025




22. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS (Continued)

The Group included the relevant investments in level 3 financial instruments, as one or more of the significant inputs are
not based on observable market data. These quantitative and unobservable inputs are not developed by the Group. Key
assumptions are set out as below:

The movements of investments included in other investments (current and non-current portion) are set out below:

                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                            2025                     2024
                                                                                         USD’000                  USD’000

 Carrying amount at the beginning of the year                                              67,195                   83,036
 Investments made                                                                          13,161                   76,822
 Redemption of investments                                                                      –                  (83,000)
 Changes in fair value – profit or loss                                                        18                    (9,663)

 Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                    80,374                   67,195


In determining the fair value of the abovementioned investments, one or more of the significant inputs of certain
investments are not based on observable market data, and therefore the Group included the abovementioned
investments in level 3 financial instruments. These quantitative and unobservable inputs are not developed by the Group.
Key assumptions are set out as below:

                                                                         Relationship of unobservable
                                                                         inputs to fair value

 Discount rate                                    Not observable         The higher the discount rate, the lower the
                                                                           fair value
 Discount of lack of marketability (“DLOM”)       Not observable         The higher the DLOM, the lower the fair value
 Expected volatility                              Not observable         The higher the expected volatility, the lower the
                                                                           fair value

The Group classifies financial instruments based on the expected holding period. Financial instruments that are intended
to be held for the short term are categorized as current assets, while those expected to be held for the long term are
classified as other non-current assets.




                                                                                                                          293
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




23. RESTRICTED CASH AND CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                              2025                    2024
                                                                                           USD’000                 USD’000

 Restricted cash
   Cash at banks                                                                            130,001                 40,861

 Cash and cash equivalents
   Cash on hand and at banks                                                              2,009,499              1,596,931

 Total                                                                                    2,139,500              1,637,792


For the purpose of presentation in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits
held at call with financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months
or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in
value.

As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, restricted cash with a total amount of USD19,037,000 and USD12,830,000,
respectively, were pledged as collaterals for the Group’s borrowings (Note 27).

As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, restricted cash with a total amount of USD10,235,000 and USD12,772,000,
respectively, were placed as collaterals of the Group’s certain guarantees and commitments.

As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, restricted cash with a total amount of USD84,816,000 and USD3,874,000,
respectively, were pledged as collateral for the Group’s bank acceptance notes.

As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, restricted cash with a total amount of USD15,913,000 and USD11,385,000 was
placed under restriction, due to a number of on-going legal claims, for which management has made relevant provisions.




294
                                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025




24. SHARE CAPITAL

Authorised
                                                                  Nominal value                                  Nominal value
                                              Number of              of Class A            Number of                of Class B       Total number
                                           Class A Shares                Shares         Class B Shares                 Shares            of shares
                                                    (’000)            USD’000                    (’000)              USD’000                (’000)

 As at 1 January 2024 and
   31 December 2024                                979,333                        2        24,020,667                        48        25,000,000


                                                                Nominal value                Nominal value
                                              Number of            of Class A   Number of       of Class B                         Total number
                                          Class A Shares              Shares Class B Shares        Shares                              of shares
                                                   (’000)            USD’000          (’000)      USD’000                                  (’000)

 As at 1 January 2025 and
   31 December 2025                                979,333                        2        24,020,667                        48        25,000,000


Issued
                                                                  Nominal value                                  Nominal value
                                              Number of              of Class A            Number of                of Class B       Total number
                                           Class A Shares                Shares         Class B Shares                 Shares            of shares
                                                    (’000)            USD’000                    (’000)              USD’000                (’000)

 As at 1 January 2024                              979,333                        2          7,832,832                       16         8,812,165
 Issuance of ordinary shares
    pursuant to the 2024
    Incentive Plan(1)                                       –                     –              85,994                       –             85,994
 Redesignation of Class A and
    B Shares(2)                                      (1,574)                      –               1,574                       –                    –

 As at 31 December 2024                            977,759                        2          7,920,400                       16         8,898,159

                                                                Nominal value                Nominal value
                                              Number of            of Class A   Number of       of Class B                         Total number
                                          Class A Shares              Shares Class B Shares        Shares                              of shares
                                                   (’000)            USD’000          (’000)      USD’000                                  (’000)

 As at 1 January 2025                              977,759                        2          7,920,400                       16         8,898,159
 Issuance of ordinary shares
    pursuant to the 2024
    Incentive Plan(3)(4)                                    –                     –              79,458                       –             79,458
 Redesignation of Class A and
    B Shares(5)                                      (6,369)                      –               6,369                       –                    –

 As at 31 December 2025                            971,390                        2          8,006,227                       16         8,977,617

(1) In August 2024, as per J&T Global Express Limited 2024 Share Incentive Plan, the Company granted 85,994,057 Class B Shares to employees of the
Group at par value, and the shares granted shall vest within a period between 0 month and 54 months after the grant date (Note 25 (ii)).
(2) In November and December 2024, 1,574,170 Class A shares were converted to Class B shares as per relevant agreement.
(3) In March 2025, as per J&T Global Express Limited 2024 Share Incentive Plan, the Company granted 70,825,173 Class B Shares to employees of the
Group at par value, and the shares granted shall vest within a period between 0 month and 48 months after the grant date (Note 25 (ii)).
(4) In September 2025, as per J&T Global Express Limited 2024 Share Incentive Plan, the Company granted 8,632,440 Class B Shares to employees of the
Group at par value, and the shares granted shall vest within a period between 0 month and 48 months after the grant date (Note 25 (ii)).
(5) In May and June 2025, 6,369,192 Class A shares were converted to Class B shares as per relevant agreement.



                                                                                                                                                  295
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




25. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION

The Group operates share incentive plans, under which it receives services from employees as consideration for equity
instruments of the Company. The fair value of the equity instruments provided in exchange for the services is recognized as
an expense on the consolidated income statement with a corresponding increase in equity.

In terms of the equity instruments awarded to employees, the total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to
the fair value of equity instruments granted.

The total amount expensed is recognized over the vesting period, which is the period over which all of the specified
vesting conditions are to be satisfied if applicable.

At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of equity instruments that are
expected to vest based on the non-marketing vesting and service conditions. It recognizes the impact of the revision to
original estimates, if any, in the consolidated income statement, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

In some circumstances, employees may provide services in advance of the grant date and therefore the grant date fair
value is estimated for the purposes of recognizing the expense during the period between service commencement period
and grant date.

                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                            2025                   2024
                                                                                         USD’000                USD’000

 Share-based compensation – related to employee benefit
   expenses (Note 8):
   Employee benefit expenses – shares granted to employees
     under “J&T Global Express Limited 2020 Share Incentive Plan”
     (“2020 Plan”) (i)                                                                     35,797                 62,909
   Employee benefit expenses – shares granted to employees
     under “J&T Global Express Limited 2024 Share Incentive Plan”
     (“2024 Plan”) (ii)                                                                    76,754                 23,720

                                                                                          112,551                 86,629

 Issuance of ordinary shares to network partners and regional sponsors
    under “J&T Global Express Limited Equity Incentive Plan”
    (“2022 Incentive Plan”) (iii)
    – deducting revenue                                                                        277                   750

                                                                                          112,828                 87,379




296
                                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025




25. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

(i) Shares granted to employees under 2020 Plan
In December 2020, the board of directors of the Company approved the establishment of J&T Global Express Limited
2020 Share Incentive Plan (“2020 Plan”) with the purpose of attracting, motivating, retaining, and rewarding certain
members of management and employees. The awards that may be awarded or granted under 2020 Plan include options,
RSUs, restricted shares, dividend equivalents, deferred shares, share payments, share appreciation rights and other
awards. Pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated Shareholder Agreement signed on 30 December 2020, the
maximum number of shares that may be issued under 2020 Plan shall be 101,088,653 Class A Ordinary Shares, which
was further expanded in February 2021 accompanying the closing of Series B+ financing, and during October 2021 to
March 2022 accompanying the closing of Series C1 financing, and in May 2023 accompanying the closing of Series D
financing, and certain extraordinary general meetings of the shareholders of the Company.

On 17 May 2023, the Company granted 261,438 Class A Ordinary Shares, to certain employees of the Group at par
value, and the shares granted were fully vested on the grant date. On the same date, the Company granted 24,557,934
Class B Ordinary Shares to Mr. Jet Jie Li at par value. Pursuant to relevant award agreements, the vesting schedule is as
follows, on the condition that Mr. Jet Jie Li will remain in service as the chairman of the board of the Company, or as the
chief executive officer or such other position equivalent (“Executive Position”) within the four year period commencing on
the date of initial public filing of the Company (“Listing Date”).

 Vesting date                                                                              Percentage of shares vested

 the 1st anniversary of the Listing Date                                                                                 25%
 the 2nd anniversary of the Listing Date                                                                                 25%
 the 3rd anniversary of the Listing Date                                                                                 25%
 the 4th anniversary of the Listing Date                                                                                 25%

Upon the termination of service as Executive Position, Mr. Jet Jie Li shall return the unvested portion of ordinary shares to
the Company at par value.

The fair values of the Company’s ordinary shares granted under 2020 Plan are as follows:

                                                                                                                 Weighted
                                                                                                               average fair
                                                                                        Number of                value per
                                                                                   ordinary shares            share in USD

 Granted during year 2023                                                               24,819,372                       6.94




                                                                                                                            297
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




25. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

(i) Shares granted to employees under 2020 Plan (Continued)
The Company appointed an external valuer to provide assistance in the valuation of the fair value of its ordinary shares
at the grant dates. The discounted cash flow method was adopted to determine the underlying equity fair value of the
Group and the equity allocation model was applied to determine the fair value of the underlying ordinary shares of the
Company. Key assumptions, such as discount rate and projections of future performance, are required to be determined
by the Company with best estimate.

The total expenses recognized in the consolidated income statement with a corresponding increase in share-based
compensation reserve for the abovementioned share-based awards granted were USD35,797,000 and USD62,909,000
for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, respectively. Except for the abovementioned 24,557,934 Class B
Ordinary Shares granted to Mr. Jet Jie Li, all shares were vested upon the grant date without any outstanding unvested
shares as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.

(ii) Shares granted to employees under 2024 Plan
The 2024 Share Incentive Plan was approved by shareholders at the 2024 annual general meeting. The Share Incentive
Plan is designed to align the personal interests of these Grantees to those of the Shareholders, motivate their outstanding
performance, attract and retain talents for the continuous operation and development of the Group, with a view to
further promote the Group’s success and development, enhance values of the Company, and generate returns to the
Shareholders.

On 20 August 2024, the Company granted Awards underlying a total of 85,994,057 Class B Shares to 251 Grantees,
which are employees of the Group, under the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme. The Class B Shares underlying the Awards
granted to the Grantees shall vest within a period from the grant date to 54 months after it pursuant to the vesting
schedule specified in the Award Agreement. The fair value at grant date of options was HKD6.8 per option. The
total expense recognized in the consolidated income statement in respect of the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme was
USD22,757,000, which is included in administrative expenses.

On 18 March 2025, the Company granted Awards relating to a total of 73,089,720 Class B Shares to 668 Grantees,
which are employees of the Group, under the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme. The Class B Shares underlying the Awards
granted to the Grantees shall vest within a period from the grant date to 48 months after it pursuant to the vesting
schedule specified in the Award Agreement. The fair value at grant date of options was HKD6.15 per option. The
total expense recognized in the consolidated income statement in respect of the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme was
USD45,168,000, which is included in administrative expenses.

On 1 September 2025, the Company granted Awards relating to a total of 12,843,000 Class B Shares to 82 Grantees,
which are employees of the Group, under the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme. The Class B Shares underlying the Awards
granted to the Grantees shall vest within a period from the grant date to 48 months after it pursuant to the vesting
schedule specified in the Award Agreement. The fair value at grant date of options was HKD10.09 per option. The
total expense recognized in the consolidated income statement in respect of the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme was
USD8,829,000, which is included in administrative expenses.




298
                                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




25. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

(iii) Issuance of ordinary shares to network partners and regional sponsors under 2022 Incentive
       Plan
Shares granted to network partners
Ordinary shares granted to network partners with vesting schedule
On 28 September 2022, the Company granted certain network partners 6,330,100 ordinary shares under the
abovementioned plan with the total consideration of USD44,579,000. Pursuant to relevant award agreements, the
vesting schedule is as follows, on the condition that the network partners will remain in service.

 Vesting date                                                                           Percentage of shares vested

 28 September 2023                                                                                                    30%
 28 September 2024                                                                                                    30%
 28 September 2025                                                                                                    40%

The unvested portion of ordinary shares shall be returned to the Company, and the Company shall also refund the
relevant purchase price, once relevant network partners choose to terminate relationships with the Company and leave
the network.

Pursuant to the relevant agreements, the unvested portion of the ordinary shares are not entitled to any voting power or
dividends.

As the shares granted to network partners in 2022 under the 2022 Incentive Plan were not linked to distinct goods or
services, such shares granted were considered as payments to customers. Revenue with a total amount of approximately
USD277,000 and USD750,000 was reduced for the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 respectively, representing
the difference between the total consideration received and the fair value of the abovementioned vested shares at the
grant date, with a corresponding increase in share-based compensation reserve.

On 28 September 2025, the abovementioned ordinary shares fully vested.

The Company appointed an external valuer to provide assistance in the valuation of the fair value of its ordinary shares
at the grant dates. The discounted cash flow method was adopted to determine the underlying equity fair value of the
Group and the equity allocation model was applied to determine the fair value of the underlying ordinary shares of the
Company. Key assumptions, such as discount rate and projections of future performance, are required to be determined
by the Company with best estimate.




                                                                                                                         299
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




26. SHARE PREMIUM, TREASURY SHARES AND OTHER RESERVES

(a) Share premium
                                                                                                           Total
                                                                                                         USD’000

 As at 1 January 2024 and 31 December 2024                                                             9,061,736

 As at 1 January 2025 and 31 December 2025                                                             9,061,736


(b) Treasury shares
                                                                                                          Total
                                                                                                        USD’000

 As at 1 January 2025                                                                                     19,420
 Repurchase of shares                                                                                     45,148

 As at 31 December 2025                                                                                   64,568


On 29 October 2024, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the “Proposed Share Buy-back Plan” to purchase
on-market Class B Shares, not exceeding 10% of the total number of issued shares of the Company (excluding treasury
shares) as at the date of the Company’s annual general meeting held on 18 June 2024. During the year ended 31
December 2025, the Company repurchased 52,622,000 of its own shares from the market, all of which had not been
cancelled as at 31 December 2025. The repurchased shares were acquired at prices ranging from HKD4.69 to HKD10.11
per share, with an average price of HKD6.43 per share, and included in treasury shares.




300
                                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




26. SHARE PREMIUM, TREASURY SHARES AND OTHER RESERVES (Continued)

(c) Other reserves
                                                        Share-based
                                                      compensation      Translation
                                                             reserve        reserve           Others                Total
                                                           USD’000        USD’000           USD’000              USD’000

 As at 1 January 2024                                      816,481       (262,502)          (739,252)            (185,273)
 Other comprehensive loss – resulted from
    change of credit risk of financial liabilities
    measured at fair value                                       –               –                (43)                 (43)
 Share-based compensation (Note 25)                         86,629               –                  –              86,629
 Transaction with non-controlling interests
    (Note 34)                                                     –              –           (22,662)             (22,662)
 Issuance of ordinary shares pursuant to the
    2022 Incentive Plan                                           –              –           10,390                10,390
 Currency translation differences                                 –        (85,940)               –               (85,940)
 Others                                                           –              –            6,118                 6,118

 As at 31 December 2024                                    903,110       (348,442)          (745,449)            (190,781)


                                                       Share-based
                                                     compensation      Translation
                                                           reserve         reserve          Others                 Total
                                                          USD’000         USD’000          USD’000               USD’000

 As at 1 January 2025                                      903,110       (348,442)         (745,449)             (190,781)
 Other comprehensive loss – resulted from
    change of credit risk of financial liabilities
    measured at fair value                                       –               –                 85                  85
 Share-based compensation (Note 25)                        112,551               –                  –             112,551
 Transaction with non-controlling interests
    (Note 34)                                                     –              –           25,361                25,361
 Issuance of ordinary shares pursuant to the
    2022 Incentive Plan                                           –              –             3,838                 3,838
 Transfer of loss on repurchase of financial
    liabilities at FVPL to retained earnings
    (net of tax)                                                  –             –                267                  267
 Currency translation differences                                 –        34,877                  –               34,877
 Others                                                           –             –                (58)                 (58)

 As at 31 December 2025                                  1,015,661       (313,565)         (715,956)              (13,860)




                                                                                                                         301
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




27. BORROWINGS

                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                           2025                  2024
                                                                                        USD’000               USD’000

 Non-current
  Borrowings from financial institutions (i)                                           1,595,286             1,320,550

 Current
   Borrowings from financial institutions (i)                                            813,702               262,642

 Total borrowings                                                                      2,408,988             1,583,192


(i) As at 31 December 2025, current portion of borrowings from financial institutions of USD813,702,000, were
substantially secured by the pledges of bank deposits (Note 23), property, plant and equipment (Note 14), right-of-use
assets (Note 15), and the shares the Company holds in certain subsidiaries.

As at 31 December 2024, current portion of borrowings from financial institutions of USD262,642,000, were substantially
secured by the pledges of bank deposits (Note 23), property, plant and equipment (Note 14), right-of-use assets (Note
15), and the shares the Company holds in certain subsidiaries.

The Group’s syndicated loan facilities contain the consolidated tangible net worth, the ratio of consolidated adjusted
EBITDA of the Group to consolidated net finance charges and the ratio of consolidated net debt of the Group to
consolidated adjusted EBITDA. As at 31 December 2025, the Group was in compliance with the abovementioned
borrowing covenants.

(ii) The weighted average interest rates per annum as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 were 6.01% and 5.67%
respectively.

(iii) At 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group’s borrowings were repayable as follows:

                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                           2025                  2024
                                                                                        USD’000               USD’000

 Within 1 year                                                                           813,702               262,642
 Between 1 and 2 years                                                                    28,664                58,560
 Between 2 and 5 years                                                                 1,484,865             1,197,439
 Over 5 years                                                                             81,757                64,551

                                                                                       2,408,988             1,583,192


The fair values of the borrowings were not materially different from their carrying amounts since the interest payable on
those borrowings is either close to current market rates or the borrowings are of a short-term nature.




302
                                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




28. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES

(a) Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                           2025                     2024
                                                                                        USD’000                  USD’000

 Liabilities of the Company’s subsidiaries
 – Series A Preferred Shares of JET Global                                               358,765                  539,707
 – Series A-1 Preferred Shares of JET Global                                              66,678                        –
 – Convertible notes of JET Global                                                             –                  109,454
 – Convertible loans of JNT KSA                                                                –                   11,332
 – Derivative financial liabilities                                                        4,866                        –

                                                                                         430,309                  660,493


Liabilities of the Company’s subsidiaries
Series A Preferred Shares of JET Global
JET Global Express Limited (“JET Global”) is the holding company of the Group’s business in Mexico, Egypt, Brazil and
Middle East (“New Markets”).

In July 2021, JET Global entered into agreements with third-party investors to raise Series A financing, with total
consideration of USD283,620,000 by issuance of 283,620,000 JET Global Series A Preferred Shares. These financing
proceeds were divided into four parts with certain investment allocation ratio, and allocated among the businesses of the
four regions, namely Mexico, Egypt, Brazil, and Middle East (“Allocated Investment”). Major operations in such regions
substantially started in 2022.

Convertible notes of JET Global
On 25 September 2024, JET Global entered into agreements with certain third-party investor (“New Exploration
Investment”) to issue convertible notes with the principal sum of USD57,514,530, which were accounted for as financial
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss.




                                                                                                                         303
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




28. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES (Continued)

(a) Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (Continued)
Liabilities of the Company’s subsidiaries (Continued)
On 25 December 2025, all JET Global Series A Preferred Shareholders, New Exploration Investment, JET Global, Onwing
Global Limited and the Company entered into a share transfer agreement, pursuant to which Onwing Global Limited
agreed to acquire all relevant preferred shares and convertible notes of JET Global held by JET Global Series A Preferred
Shareholders and New Exploration Investment (the “JET Global Transfer”).

The consideration for the JET Global Transfer, with an estimated aggregated amount of USD933,403,590, was
determined with reference to (a) the aggregate investment cost paid by JET Global Series A Preferred Shareholders for
their respective initial subscription of equity interests in JET Global; (b) the investment cost paid by New Exploration
Investment for its initial subscription of convertible notes in JET Global; and (c) other factors including estimated operating
performance etc.

Pursuant to the abovementioned agreement, as at 31 December 2025, the convertible notes held by New Exploration
Investment have been converted into 57,514,530 Series A-1 Preferred Shares of JET Global at the price of USD1 per
share.

The payment of the consideration for the JET Global Transfer shall be paid in tranches as agreed in the abovementioned
agreement, and legal titles of relevant preferred shares will be transferred accordingly, which will be completed in year
2031.

The Group accounted for the abovementioned preferred shares as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
and accordingly relevant changes in the fair value were included in statement of profit or loss.

The rights, preferences, and privileges of relevant remaining JET Global Series A Preferred Shares and Series A-1 Preferred
Shares (the “Preferred Shares”) are as follows:

Dividend rights
The directors of JET Global may from time to time declare dividends (including interim dividends) and distributions on JET
Global’ s shares. No dividend will be declared and paid on JET Global’ s ordinary shares and Series A-1 Preferred Shares
unless and until a dividend is declared and paid on JET Global Series A Preferred Shares.

Voting rights
The holder of each share issued and outstanding, including JET Global’ s ordinary share and JET Global Preferred Shares,
shall have one vote for each share held by such holder.

Conversion rights
Each Preferred Share may be converted at any time after the date of issuance of such Preferred Shares into ordinary
shares of JET Global when relevant preconditions as per relevant agreements are met or shall automatically be converted
into ordinary shares of JET Global upon the closing of an IPO of JET Global.

The conversion ratio for the Preferred Share to the ordinary shares is 1:1 if no adjustments to conversion price have
occurred. As at 31 December 2025, each Preferred Shares is convertible into one ordinary share of JET Global.




304
                                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025




28. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES (Continued)

(a) Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (Continued)
The movements of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are set out below:

                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                2025                      2024
                                                                                             USD’000                   USD’000

 Carrying amount at the beginning of the year                                                 660,493                   606,301
 Maturity of convertible loans of JNT KSA                                                     (11,332)                        –
 Repurchase of Series A Preferred Shares of JET Global                                       (253,620)                        –
 Repurchase of Series A-1 Preferred Shares of JET Global                                      (57,515)                        –
 Issuance of redeemable shares of JNT KSA                                                           –                   (15,000)
 Issuance of convertible notes of JET Global                                                        –                   109,450
 Proceeds from the sales of derivative financial liabilities                                    5,154                         –
 Changes in fair value – profit or loss                                                        87,214                   (40,301)
 Changes in fair value – other comprehensive loss                                                 (85)                       43

 Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                      430,309                    660,493


Determination of fair value
With the assistance from an external valuer appointed by the Group, the Group adopted the discounted cash flow
method to determine the fair value of the convertible preferred shares. Key assumptions in determining the fair value of
Series A and Series A-1 Preferred Shares of JET Global are set out as below:

Series A and Series A-1 Preferred Shares of JET Global
                                                                                      Relationship of unobservable
                                                       As at 31 December              inputs to fair value
                                                           2025               2024

 Discount rate                                   17.5%-18.2%                19.0%     The higher the discount rate, the lower
                                                                                        the fair value


Discount rate was estimated by credit analysis model as at each valuation date. The redemption cash flow was also
factored into the determination of the fair value of the preferred shares on each valuation date.

The estimated carrying amount of relevant preferred shares as at 31 December 2025 would have been USD10,398,000
lower/USD10,826,000 higher, respectively, should the discount rate used in discounted cash flow analysis be higher/lower
by 100 basis points from management’s estimates. (2024: USD33,385,000 lower/USD35,540,000 higher).




                                                                                                                               305
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




28. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES (Continued)

(b) Financial liabilities – redemption liabilities of shares of JNT KSA
                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                             2025                   2024
                                                                                          USD’000                USD’000

 Financial liabilities – redemption liabilities of shares of JNT KSA                        72,233                 65,958


On 25 December 2025, Arabia Technology Innovation Limited (“eWTP”), JNT Express KSA LLC (“JNT KSA”) and the
Company entered into a share transfer agreement, pursuant to which JNT KSA agreed to acquire, and eWTP agreed to
sell, equity interests in JNT KSA (“JNT KSA Transfer”).

The consideration for the JNT KSA Transfer, with an estimated amount of USD105,000,000, was determined with
reference to (a) the aggregate investment cost paid by eWTP for its initial subscription of equity interests in JNT KSA; (b)
other factors including estimated operating performance etc.

The payment of the consideration for the JNT KSA Transfer shall be paid in tranches as agreed in the abovementioned
agreement, and legal titles of relevant shares will be transferred accordingly, which will be completed by 30 June 2029.

The Company recognised and measured relevant redemption liabilities accordingly. As at 31 December 2025, the carrying
amount was USD72,233,000 (as at 31 December 2024: USD65,958,000).




306
                                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025




29. DEFERRED INCOME TAX

(i) Deferred income tax assets
                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                            2025                     2024
                                                                                         USD’000                  USD’000

 The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:

 Deductible tax losses                                                                    83,247                    83,123
 Lease liabilities                                                                       116,703                   120,748
 Provision and other temporary difference                                                 48,345                    18,474

 Total deferred tax assets                                                               248,295                   222,345

 Net-off with deferred tax liabilities                                                   (139,864)                (147,670)

 Net deferred tax assets                                                                 108,431                    74,675


Deferred income taxes are calculated in full on temporary differences under the liability method using the tax rates at
which are expected to be applied at the time of reversal of the temporary differences. The analysis of deferred income tax
assets is as follows:

                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                            2025                     2024
                                                                                         USD’000                  USD’000

 Deferred income tax assets
   – to be recovered after 12 months                                                     130,402                   122,934
   – to be recovered within 12 months                                                    117,893                    99,411

                                                                                         248,295                   222,345




                                                                                                                          307
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




29. DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

(i) Deferred income tax assets (Continued)
The gross movements in deferred income tax assets before offsetting during the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                       Provision and
                                                                                               other
                                                     Deductible              Lease        temporary
                                                      tax losses         liabilities      difference             Total
                                                        USD’000            USD’000          USD’000            USD’000

 As at 1 January 2024                                    75,556            132,117              6,917           214,590
 Credit/(charge) to consolidated income
   statement                                               8,344           (10,558)           11,759               9,545
 Exchange differences                                       (777)             (811)             (202)             (1,790)

 As at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025               83,123            120,748            18,474            222,345

 Credit/(charge) to consolidated income
   statement                                              (1,429)           (5,136)           29,359              22,794
 Exchange differences                                      1,553             1,091               512               3,156

 As at 31 December 2025                                  83,247            116,703            48,345            248,295


Deferred income tax assets are recognized to the extent that the realisation of the related tax benefit through the future
taxable profits is probable. Deferred income tax assets have not been recognized in respect of the following items:

                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                            2025                  2024
                                                                                         USD’000               USD’000

 Tax losses                                                                            3,261,944              3,601,351
 Deductible temporary differences                                                        137,596                230,551

                                                                                       3,399,540              3,831,902




308
                                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025




29. DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

(i) Deferred income tax assets (Continued)
As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the unrecognized tax losses primarily arise from the Company’s subsidiaries in the
PRC, South-East Asia countries and other new market countries.

The expiry dates of the unrecognized tax losses are as follows:



                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                       2025                     2024
                                                                                    USD’000                  USD’000

 2024                                                                                      –                   3,424
 2025                                                                                      –                 262,611
 2026                                                                                400,868                 655,901
 2027                                                                              1,269,074               1,394,490
 2028                                                                                692,691                 676,652
 2029                                                                                177,199                 268,364
 2030                                                                                388,230                       –
 2031                                                                                  2,631                  39,812
 2032                                                                                 17,302                  42,396
 2033                                                                                 79,314                   7,947
 2034                                                                                 86,168                   5,126
 2035                                                                                 11,073                       –
 no expiry date                                                                      137,394                 244,628

                                                                                   3,261,944               3,601,351


(ii) Deferred income tax liabilities
                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                       2025                     2024
                                                                                    USD’000                  USD’000

 The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:

 Right-of-use assets                                                                126,321                   121,163
 Depreciation and other temporary difference                                         36,241                    41,819

 Total deferred tax liabilities                                                     162,562                   162,982

 Net-off of deferred tax assets                                                     (139,864)                (147,670)

 Net deferred tax liabilities                                                         22,698                   15,312




                                                                                                                     309
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




29. DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

(ii) Deferred income tax liabilities (Continued)
Deferred income taxes are calculated in full on temporary differences under the liability method using the tax rates at
which are expected to be applied at the time of reversal of the temporary differences. The analysis of deferred income tax
liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                             2025                  2024
                                                                                          USD’000               USD’000

 Deferred income tax liabilities
   – to be settled after 12 months                                                        109,528                113,663
   – to be settled within 12 months                                                        53,034                 49,319

                                                                                          162,562                162,982


The gross movements in deferred income tax liabilities before offsetting during the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                Depreciation and
                                                               Right-of-use     other temporary
                                                                     assets           difference                  Total
                                                                   USD’000              USD’000                 USD’000

 As at 1 January 2024                                               140,933                 35,652               176,585
 Credit to consolidated income statement                            (18,993)                 6,360               (12,633)
 Exchange differences                                                  (777)                  (193)                 (970)

 As at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                          121,163                 41,819               162,982

 Credit to consolidated income statement                               4,229                (5,944)                (1,715)
 Exchange differences                                                    929                   366                  1,295

 As at 31 December 2025                                             126,321                 36,241               162,562




310
                                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025




30. TRADE PAYABLES

The following is an aging analysis of the Group’s trade payables presented based on the invoice issuance date:

                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                           2025                      2024
                                                                                        USD’000                   USD’000

 Within 3 months                                                                         664,047                   560,942
 3 to 6 months                                                                            56,213                    17,778
 6 to 9 months                                                                             9,715                     3,437
 9 to 12 months                                                                            4,463                     1,992
 Above 12 months                                                                           6,652                     5,711

                                                                                         741,090                   589,860


The carrying amounts of trade payables approximated their fair values as at the balance sheet dates.

31. ADVANCES FROM CUSTOMERS

                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                           2025                      2024
                                                                                        USD’000                   USD’000

 Advances from customers for express delivery services                                   345,621                   322,333


Advances from customers for express delivery services were mainly the advance payments from customers which can be
refunded as per request by customers.

As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the outstanding express delivery service orders would generally be completed within
ten days, while other types of orders generally within one month.

All contracts are for periods of one year or less. As permitted under IFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these
unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.

32. ACCRUALS AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                           2025                      2024
                                                                                        USD’000                   USD’000

 Cash on delivery related payables                                                       432,822                   331,150
 Salary and welfare payables                                                             386,122                   299,716
 Deposits                                                                                199,633                   173,134
 Tax payables (excluding Corporate Income Tax)                                           121,569                    66,345
 Payables of long-term assets                                                             94,918                    51,786
 Consideration received pursuant to Network Partner Plan (Note 25(iii))                        –                     4,053
 Others                                                                                  126,355                    97,725

                                                                                       1,361,419                1,023,909




                                                                                                                          311
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




33. CASH FLOW INFORMATION

(a) Cash generated from operations
The reconciliation from profit for the year to cash generated from operations is as follows:

                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                                             2025             2024
                                                                                          USD’000          USD’000

 Profit for the year                                                                       225,334         113,704
 Adjustments for:
   Income tax expense                                                                       38,090           15,446
   Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                           244,162         240,881
   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                     216,923         215,454
   Depreciation of investment properties                                                         9               387
   Amortization of intangible assets                                                        21,849           21,295
   Impairment losses on financial assets                                                    26,875           11,266
   Accrual of inventory provisions                                                              41                47
   Impairment of long-term assets                                                           30,576                 –
   Finance income                                                                          (45,579)         (40,671)
   Finance costs                                                                           148,217         126,175
   Other income                                                                            (12,398)         (10,227)
   Other gains – net                                                                       (10,313)           (1,386)
   Share-based compensation                                                                112,828           87,379
   Net losses/(gains) on disposal of long-term assets                                       22,594            (5,425)
   Fair value change of financial assets and liabilities at fair value
      through profit or loss                                                               106,197              (4,463)
   Share of results of associates                                                              254                 352
   Foreign exchange(losses)/gains – net                                                     26,198              (4,228)
 Movements in working capital
   Decrease in inventories                                                                   1,322           12,670
   Increase in trade receivables                                                          (374,666)         (91,069)
   Increase in prepayments, other receivables, and other assets                           (189,475)        (163,724)
   Increase in trade payables                                                              184,939           76,318
   Increase in accruals and other payables                                                 410,395          188,652
   Increase in advances from customers                                                      41,661           41,629
   (Increase)/Return of restricted cash                                                   (113,498)             717

 Cash generated from operations                                                          1,112,535         831,179




312
                                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025




33. CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)

(b) Net debt reconciliation
Net debt
                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                       2025                     2024
                                                                                    USD’000                  USD’000

 Cash and cash equivalents                                                         2,009,499                1,596,931
 Restricted cash                                                                     130,001                    40,861
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                               778,647                  673,966
 Borrowings                                                                       (2,408,988)              (1,583,192)
 Lease liabilities                                                                  (496,832)                (469,170)
 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                         (430,309)                (660,493)
 Financial liabilities – redemption liabilities of shares of JNT KSA                 (72,233)                  (65,958)

 Net debt                                                                           (490,215)                (467,055)

 Cash and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                    2,918,147                2,311,758
 Gross debt – liabilities from financing activities                               (3,408,362)              (2,778,813)

 Net debt                                                                           (490,215)                (467,055)




                                                                                                                     313
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




33. CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)

(b) Net debt reconciliation (Continued)
This section sets out the movements in net debt for each of the years presented.

                                                         Liabilities from financing activities                                Other assets
                                                                                            Financial
                                                                                         liabilities –
                                                                                        redemption
                                                                            Financial liabilities of   Cash and                        Financial
                                                                   Lease liabilities at    shares of       cash          Restricted    assets at
                                               Borrowings      liabilities      FVTPL       JNT KSA equivalents                cash       FVTPL         Total

 As at 1 January 2024                           (1,282,549)     (508,657)      (606,301)         (36,740)   1,483,198       41,921      775,534      (133,594)
 Cash flows                                       (232,098)      277,831              –                –      122,368       (1,060)     (67,662)       99,379
 New leases entered                                      –      (209,091)             –                –            –            –            –      (209,091)
 Interest expenses                                 (80,627)      (31,330)             –          (14,218)           –            –            –      (126,175)
 Lease modification                                      –        16,559              –                –            –            –            –        16,559
 Issuance of redeemable shares of JNT KSA                –             –         15,000          (15,000)           –            –            –             –
 Settlement of borrowings through issuance
    of convertible notes of JET Global              9,046               –             –                –            –            –             –        9,046
 Issuance of convertible notes of JET Global            –               –      (109,450)               –            –            –             –     (109,450)
 Fair Value Change                                      –               –        40,301                –            –            –       (35,839)       4,462
 Fair Value Change – other
    comprehensive loss                                  –              –             (43)              –            –            –               –          (43)
 Acquisition of subsidiaries                            –        (17,222)              –               –       11,467            –               –      (5,755)
 Foreign exchange adjustments                       3,036          2,740               –               –      (20,102)           –           1,933    (12,393)

 As at 31 December 2024 and
   1 January 2025                               (1,583,192)     (469,170)      (660,493)         (65,958)   1,596,931       40,861      673,966      (467,055)

 Cash flows – net                                (643,580)       271,738        317,313                –     423,186        89,140      119,052       576,849
 New leases entered                                     –       (243,118)             –                –           –             –            –      (243,118)
 Interest expenses                               (103,374)       (30,595)             –          (14,248)          –             –            –      (148,217)
 Lease modification                                     –        (28,397)             –                –           –             –            –       (28,397)
 Fair Value Change                                      –              –        (87,214)               –           –             –      (18,983)     (106,197)
 Fair Value Change – other
    comprehensive loss                                  –              –              85              –             –            –               –         85
 Change in Other (losses)/gains – net                   –              –               –          7,973             –            –               –      7,973
 Acquisition of subsidiaries                      (59,875)           (30)              –              –           233            –               –    (59,672)
 Foreign exchange adjustments                     (18,967)         2,740               –              –       (10,851)           –           4,612    (22,466)

 As at 31 December 2025                         (2,408,988)     (496,832)      (430,309)         (72,233)   2,009,499      130,001      778,647      (490,215)




314
                                                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025




34. TRANSACTIONS WITH NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

The material transactions with non-controlling interests during the year ended 31 December 2025 are as follows:

Acquisition of non-controlling interests of the regional subsidiaries in China

In December 2025, the Group sold additional 15% of the equity interests of certain subsidiaries in China, with a total
cash payment of approximately USD864,000. After the transaction, the Group holds 85% of the equity interests of the
abovementioned subsidiaries in China. The Group recognized a decrease in non-controlling interests by USD27,903,000
and an increase in other reserve by USD28,766,000.

The impact of the transactions with non-controlling interests on the equity attributable to the owners of the Company is
summarised as follows:

                                                                    Sale of NCI
                                                                   of the China                  Other
 2025                                                              subsidiaries            transactions                  Total
                                                                       USD’000                 USD’000                 USD’000

 Carrying amount of non-controlling interests
   debited/(credited)                                                     27,902                  (3,405)                24,497
 Consideration received from non-controlling
   interests in cash                                                         864                        –                    864

 (Increase)/decrease in other reserve                                    (28,766)                  3,405                (25,361)




                                                                                                                               315
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




35. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or exercise
significant influence over the other party in making financial and operational decisions. Parties are also considered to be
related if they are subject to common control.

Members of key management and their close family members of the Group are also considered as related parties.

The following significant transactions were carried out between the Group and its related parties during the periods
presented. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the related party transactions were carried out in the normal
course of business and at terms negotiated between the Group and the respective related parties.

(a) Names and relationships with related parties
The following companies are significant related parties of the Group that had transactions and/or balances with the
Group during the reporting period.

Name of related party                                 Relationship with the Group

Jet Commerce Group                                    Controlled by Mr. Jet Jie Li
Jie Business Sdn Bhd                                  Controlled by Mr. Jet Jie Li
J&T Courier Service Sdn Bhd                           Under significant influence of Mr. Jet Jie Li
                                                        (Ceased to be related party in 2025)
Yimi Global Limited                                   Under significant influence of Mr. Jet Jie Li
Windfall T&L SPC                                      Under significant influence of Mr. Jet Jie Li
                                                        (Ceased to be related party in 2024)




316
                                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025




35. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

(b) Transactions with related parties
Save as disclosed in other notes of this report, related party transactions of the Group are listed as follows:


                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2025                      2024
                                                                                            USD’000                   USD’000

 (i)   Loans to related party
       Yimi Global Limited                                                                     16,000                          –


 The Group entered into a loan agreement with Yimi Global Limited with term of 3 years, with annual interest rates of 6%.


 (ii) Interest income on loans to related party
       Yimi Global Limited                                                                        752                          –


                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2025                      2024
                                                                                            USD’000                   USD’000

 (iii) Rendering of services
       Yimi Global Limited                                                                      3,236                          –
       Jie Business Sdn Bhd                                                                       514                     1,656
       Jet Commerce Group                                                                            –                        78
       Others                                                                                      62                       314

                                                                                                3,812                     2,048

 (iv) Receiving of services
       Yimi Global Limited                                                                        387                          –
       Jie Business Sdn Bhd                                                                          –                    3,780
       Jet Commerce Group                                                                          13                          –

                                                                                                  400                     3,780




                                                                                                                              317
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




35. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

(c) Balance with related parties
                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                 2025                2024
                                                                              USD’000             USD’000

 (i)    Bond receivables
        – Non-trade
        Yimi Global Limited (Note 22)                                         479,551             476,409

 (ii) Loan and interest receivables
        Yimi Global Limited                                                    16,752                   –

 (iii) Trade receivables                                                          989                 258

 (iv) Other receivables                                                           326                 148

 (v) Trade payables                                                                60                   1

 (vi) Other payables                                                              144                   –

 (vii) Advances from customers                                                    119                   –


(d) Key management compensation
Key management includes directors (executive and non-executive) and the senior management of the Group. The
compensation paid or payable to key management for employee services is shown below:


                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                 2025                2024
                                                                              USD’000             USD’000

 Salaries and fees                                                              4,386               5,092
 Bonuses                                                                        7,381               7,941
 Pension cost – defined contribution plans                                         75                  64
 Share-based compensation                                                      54,132              66,056

                                                                               65,974              79,153




318
                                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




36. COMMITMENT

(a) Capital commitments
Capital expenditure contracted for as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 but not yet incurred is as follows:

                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                          2025                     2024
                                                                                       USD’000                  USD’000

 Buildings                                                                              113,718                   52,469
 Right-of-use assets                                                                      4,886                    4,039
 Vehicles                                                                                35,315                   24,892

                                                                                        153,919                   81,400


(b) Short-term lease commitments
The Group leases certain warehouses and vehicles under non-cancellable short-term lease agreements. The lease terms
are generally within one year.

The Group’s future aggregate minimum lease payments under such non-cancellable short-term leases are as follows:

                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                          2025                     2024
                                                                                       USD’000                  USD’000

 Within one year                                                                         70,560                   81,334




                                                                                                                        319
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




37. BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS

(a) Directors’ emoluments
The remuneration paid or payable to the directors of the Company (including emoluments for services as employee/
directors of the group entities prior to becoming the directors of the Company) during the years ended 31 December
2025 and 2024 was as follows.

                                                             Year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                   Pension
                                                                            cost – defined
                                                                             contribution    Share-based
 Name                                  Fees       Salaries        Bonuses            plans compensation      Total
                                    USD’000       USD’000         USD’000         USD’000       USD’000    USD’000

 Executive Director:
 Mr. Jet Jie Li                           –         1,638           1,482             18          35,797    38,935

 Non-executive Directors:
 Ms. Alice Yu-fen Cheng                  81             –               –              –               –        81
 Mr. Yuan Zhang                          64             –               –              –               –        64
 Ms. Qinghua Liao                        64             –               –              –               –        64

 Independent Non-executive
    Directors:
 Mr. Erh Fei Liu                         64             –               –              –               –        64
 Mr. Peng Shen                           64             –               –              –               –        64
 Mr. Peter Lai Hock Meng                 64             –               –              –               –        64

                                        401         1,638           1,482             18          35,797    39,336




320
                                                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025




37. BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

(a) Directors’ emoluments (Continued)
                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2024
                                                                                                      Pension
                                                                                               cost – defined
                                                                                                 contribution        Share-based
 Name                                              Fees            Salaries         Bonuses             plans      compensation              Total
                                                USD’000           USD’000           USD’000         USD’000             USD’000           USD’000

 Executive Director:
 Mr. Jet Jie Li                                        –             1,619             2,283                17            62,909            66,828

 Non-executive Directors:
 Ms. Alice Yu-fen Cheng                               81                 –                 –                 –                 –                81
 Mr. Yuan Zhang                                       64                 –                 –                 –                 –                64
 Ms. Qinghua Liao                                     64                 –                 –                 –                 –                64

 Independent Non-executive
    Directors:
 Mr. Erh Fei Liu                                      64                 –                 –                 –                 –                64
 Mr. Peng Shen                                        64                 –                 –                 –                 –                64
 Mr. Charles Zhaoxuan Yang (i)                        24                 –                 –                 –                 –                24
 Mr. Peter Lai Hock Meng (i)                          40                 –                 –                 –                 –                40

                                                     401             1,619             2,283                17            62,909            67,229


Notes:

(i) Mr. Charles Zhaoxuan Yang resigned from his position with effect from 18 May 2024, while Mr. Peter Lai Hock Meng was appointed as the independent
non-executive Director of the Company, a member and the chairman of the audit committee of the Board and a member of the corporate governance
committee of the Board since then.


(b) Directors’ retirement and termination benefits
No retirement benefits were paid to or receivable by any directors in respect of their other services in connection with the
management of the affairs of the Company or its subsidiaries’ undertaking during the reporting period.

No payment was made to the directors as compensation for early termination of appointment during the reporting
period.

(c) Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ services
No consideration was provided to third parties for making available directors’ services at the end of each reporting period
or at any time during the reporting period.




                                                                                                                                                321
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




37. BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

(d) Information about loans, quasi-loans, and other dealings in favour of directors, their controlled
     bodies, and connected entities
There were no loans, quasi-loans, and other dealings in favour of directors, their controlled bodies corporate and
connected entities at the end of each reporting period or at any time during the reporting period.

(e) Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements, or contracts
There were no significant transactions, arrangements, and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which the
Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly,
subsisted at the end of each reporting period or at any time during the reporting period.


38. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

The five highest paid employees include one director whose remuneration is set out in Note 37 for each of the years
ended 31 December 2025 and 2024. All of these individuals including that director have not received any emoluments
from the Group as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for the loss of office during
the reporting period. None of the directors, the CEO and employees waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during
the reporting period. The emoluments payable to the remaining four individuals, who are neither a director nor chief
executive of the Company, during the reporting period, are as follows:

                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       2025                  2024
                                                                                    USD’000               USD’000

 Salaries                                                                              2,121                4,264
 Bonus                                                                                 4,530                7,974
 Pension cost – defined contribution plans                                                43                   20
 Welfare, medical and other benefits                                                      51                   21
 Share-based compensation                                                             15,966                5,138

                                                                                      22,711               17,417




322
                                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2025




38. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (Continued)

The number of the highest paid employees who are not the directors of the Company whose remuneration fell within the
following bands is as follows:

                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2025                      2024

 Emolument bands (in HK dollar)
 HK$19,000,001 to HK$19,500,000                                                              –                         1
 HK$21,500,001 to HK$22,000,000                                                              –                         1
 HK$32,000,001 to HK$32,500,000                                                              1                         –
 HK$35,000,001 to HK$35,500,000                                                              1                         –
 HK$41,000,001 to HK$41,500,000                                                              –                         1
 HK$50,000,001 to HK$50,500,000                                                              –                         1
 HK$50,500,001 to HK$51,000,000                                                              1                         –
 HK$52,500,001 to HK$53,000,000                                                              1                         –

                                                                                             4                         4


39. DIVIDENDS

No dividend has been paid or declared by the Company in the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.




                                                                                                                      323
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




40. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

There are no significant contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.


41. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

(a) Issuance of Convertible Bonds
On 5 February 2026, the Company’s subsidiary, Bolt Innovation Limited, issued zero-coupon convertible bonds
guaranteed by the Company, which will mature in 2033, are convertible into the Company’s Class B Shares at an initial
conversion price of HKD14.55 per share. The issuance raised total proceeds of HKD4,650,000,000. The convertible bonds
were listed and commenced trading on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 6 February 2026. Relevant liabilities and equity
instruments will be recognised accordingly.

(b) Cancellation of Repurchased Class B Shares
Pursuant to resolutions approved by the Company’s Board of Directors on 18 June 2025, the Company completed the
cancellation of 79,692,600 repurchased Class B Shares on 29 January 2026.

(c) Major transaction in relation to the proposed subscription oh H Shares of S.F. Holding
Pursuant to resolutions approved by the Company’s Board of Directors on 14 January 2026, the Company and S.F.
Holding entered into the Share Subscription Agreement on 15 January 2026, pursuant to which (i) the Company has
conditionally agreed to subscribe for, and S.F. Holding has conditionally agreed to issue, 225,877,669 H Shares of S.F.
Holding at the Subscription Price of HKD36.74 per H Share of S.F. Holding; and (ii) the Company has conditionally agreed
to issue, and S.F. Holding has conditionally agreed to subscribe for, 821,657,973 Class B Shares at the Issue Price of
HKD10.10 per Class B Share. The abovementioned shares to be acquired will be accounted for as financial assets at fair
value through other comprehensive income.




324
                                                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025




42. BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY

                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                      2025                      2024
                                                                            Note                  USD’000                  USD’000

 ASSETS
 Non-current assets
 Loans to subsidiaries (i)                                                                       5,699,536               4,827,438
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss – non-current                              627,152                   540,463
 Investments in subsidiaries                                                    17               1,208,804               1,178,182

                                                                                                 7,535,492               6,546,083

 Current assets
 Prepayments, other receivables, and other assets                                                   10,619                     7,040
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                        105,896                   118,974
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss – current                                    46,745                   40,459

                                                                                                  163,260                   166,473

 Total assets                                                                                    7,698,752               6,712,556

 EQUITY
 Equity attributable to owners of the Company
 Share capital                                                                                          17                         18
 Share premium (ii)                                                                              9,063,062               9,063,062
 Treasury shares (iii)                                                                             (64,568)                 (19,420)
 Other reserves (iv)                                                                              697,451                   581,062
 Accumulated losses                                                                             (3,030,748)              (2,917,948)

 Total equity                                                                                    6,665,214               6,706,774

 LIABILITIES
 Current liabilities
 Accruals and other payables                                                                     1,033,538                     5,782

                                                                                                 1,033,538                     5,782

 Total liabilities                                                                               1,033,538                     5,782

 Total equity and liabilities                                                                    7,698,752               6,712,556


The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 30 March 2026 and was signed on its
behalf.



Alice Yu-fen Cheng                                                 Jet Jie Li
Director                                                           Director

                                                                                                                                   325
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




42. BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

(i) Loans to subsidiaries of the Company
During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, loans to subsidiaries were interest free and repayable on demand,
without securities. The Company classified such loans as non-current assets as the management does not expect to collect
the loans within twelve months as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.

(ii) Share premium movement of the Company

                                                                                                               Total
                                                                                                             USD’000

 As at 1 January 2024 and 31 December 2024                                                                  9,063,062

 As at 1 January 2025 and 31 December 2025                                                                  9,063,062


(iii) Treasury shares

                                                                                                               Total
                                                                                                             USD’000

 As at 1 January 2025                                                                                          19,420
 Repurchase of shares                                                                                          45,148

 As at 31 December 2025                                                                                        64,568




326
                                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025




42. BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

(iv) Other reserve movement of the Company

                                                      Share-based
                                                    compensation
                                                           reserve             Others                    Total
                                                          USD’000             USD’000                  USD’000

 As at 1 January 2024                                     801,101             (317,058)                 484,043
 Share-based compensation (Note 25)                        86,629                    –                   86,629
 Issuance of ordinary shares pursuant to the 2022
    Incentive Plan (Note 25)                                    –               10,390                   10,390

 As at 31 December 2024                                   887,730             (306,668)                 581,062

 As at 1 January 2025                                     887,730             (306,668)                 581,062
 Share-based compensation (Note 25)                       112,551                    –                  112,551
 Issuance of ordinary shares pursuant to the 2022
    Incentive Plan (Note 25)                                    –                3,838                     3,838

 As at 31 December 2025                                 1,000,281             (302,830)                 697,451




                                                                                                               327
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




43. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

43.1 Principles of consolidation
43.1.1 Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity
where the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability
to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the
date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for business combinations by the Group (refer to Note 43.2).

Inter-company transactions, balances, and unrealized gains on transactions between Group companies are eliminated.
Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset.
Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted
by the Group.

Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the consolidated income
statement, statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and balance sheet respectively.

43.1.2 Changes in ownership interests
The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as transactions with
equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment between the carrying amounts of
the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the
amount of the adjustment to non-controlling interests and any consideration paid or received is recognized in a separate
reserve within equity attributable to owners of the Company.

When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss of control, joint control
or significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value with the change in carrying
amount recognized in profit or loss. This fair value becomes the initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently
accounting for the retained interest as an associate, joint venture, or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously
recognized in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly
disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive
income are reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable
IFRS Accounting Standards.

If the ownership interest in a joint venture or an associate is reduced but joint control or significant influence is retained,
only a proportionate share of the amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit
or loss where appropriate.




328
                                                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025




43. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

43.2 Business combination
The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for all business combinations, regardless of whether equity
instruments or other assets are acquired. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary comprises the:

• fair values of the assets transferred

• liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquired business

• equity interests issued by the Group

• fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement, and

• fair value of any pre-existing equity interest in the subsidiary.

Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are, with limited
exceptions, measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group recognises any non-controlling
interest in the acquired entity on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest’s
proportionate share of the acquired entity’s net identifiable assets.

Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

The excess of the:

• consideration transferred,

• amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity, and

• acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquired entity

over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If those amounts are less than the fair
value of the net identifiable assets of the business acquired, the difference is recognized directly in profit or loss as a
bargain purchase.

Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future are discounted to their
present value as at the date of exchange. The discount rate used is the entity’s incremental borrowing rate, being the rate
at which a similar borrowing could be obtained from an independent financier under comparable terms and conditions.
Contingent consideration is classified either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts classified as a financial liability are
subsequently remeasured to fair value with changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss.

If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer’s previously held
equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date. Any gains or losses arising from such
remeasurement are recognized in profit or loss.




                                                                                                                               329
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




43. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

43.3 Foreign currency translation
(a) Functional and presentation currency
Items included in the financial statements of each of the group’s entities are measured using the currency of the primary
economic environment in which the entity operates (‘the functional currency’).

(b) Transactions and balances
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates at the dates of
the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the
translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at year end exchange rates are generally
recognized in profit or loss. They are deferred in equity if they relate to qualifying cash flow hedges and qualifying net
investment hedges or are attributable to part of the net investment in a foreign operation.

Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are presented in the consolidated income statement, within
finance costs. All other foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the consolidated income statement on a net
basis within other gains/(losses).

Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the
date when the fair value was determined. Translation differences on assets and liabilities carried at fair value are reported
as part of the fair value gain or loss. For example, translation differences on non-monetary assets and liabilities such as
equities held at fair value through profit or loss are recognized in profit or loss as part of the fair value gain or loss and
translation differences on non-monetary assets such as equities classified as fair value through other comprehensive
income are recognized in other comprehensive income.

(c) Group companies
The results and financial position of foreign operations (none of which has the currency of a hyperinflationary economy)
that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as
follows:

• assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of that balance sheet

• income and expenses for each income statement and statement of comprehensive income are translated at average
   exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the
   transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the dates of the transactions), and

• all resulting exchange differences are recognized in other comprehensive income.

Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of
the foreign operation and translated at the closing rate.




330
                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025




43. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

43.3 Foreign currency translation (Continued)
(d) Disposal of foreign operation and partial disposal
On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in a foreign operation, or a
disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, a disposal involving loss of joint
control over a joint venture that includes a foreign operation, or a disposal involving loss of significant influence over an
associate that includes a foreign operation), all of the currency translation differences accumulated in equity in respect of
that operation attributable to the owners of the company are reclassified to profit or loss.

In the case of a partial disposal that does not result in the Group losing control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign
operation, the proportionate share of accumulated currency translation differences is re-attributed to non-controlling
interests and are not recognized in profit or loss. For all other partial disposals (that is, reductions in the Group’s
ownership interest in associates or joint ventures that do not result in the Group losing significant influence or joint
control), the proportionate share of the accumulated exchange difference is reclassified to profit or loss.

43.4 Property, plant and equipment
All property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less depreciation. Historical cost includes expenditure that is
directly attributable to the acquisition of the items. Cost may also include transfers from equity of any gains or losses on
qualifying cash flow hedges of foreign currency purchases of property, plant and equipment.

Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when
it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can
be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as a separate asset is derecognized when
replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss during the reporting period in which they are
incurred.

The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting period.

An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is
greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with carrying amount. These are included in profit
or loss.

43.5 Impairment of non-financial assets
Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested annually
for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. Other
assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may
not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its
recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value in
use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately
identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets
(cash-generating units). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible
reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting period.




                                                                                                                              331
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




43. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

43.6 Trade receivables
Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary course of
business.

Trade receivables are recognized initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless they contain
significant financing components, when they are recognized at fair value. The Group holds the trade receivables with the
objective of collecting the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the
effective interest method. See Note 21 for further information about the Group’s accounting for trade receivables and
Note 3.1 for a description of the Group’s impairment policies.

43.7 Trade payables
Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of business
from suppliers. Trade and other payables are presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months
after the reporting period. Trade payables also include bank acceptance notes with trade nature and are due within 12
months.

Trade payables are recognized initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
interest method.

43.8 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Before and during the reporting period, the Group entered into a series of share purchase agreements with certain
investors and issued Series Pre-A1 Preferred Shares, Series Pre-A2 Preferred Shares, Series A Preferred Shares, Series B
Preferred Shares, Series B+ Preferred Shares, Series C1 Preferred Shares, Series C2 Preferred Shares, Series D Preferred
Shares and JET Global Series A Preferred Shares.

The Group designated the convertible preferred shares, which the host contracts are financial liabilities, as financial
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, which are initially recognized at fair value. Any directly attributable transaction
costs are recognized as finance costs in profit or loss.

The component of fair value changes relating to the Company’s own credit risk is recognized in other comprehensive
income/(loss). Amounts recorded in other comprehensive income/(loss) related to credit risk are not subject to recycling
in profit or loss, but are transferred to retained earnings when realized. Fair value changes relating to market risk are
recognized in profit or loss.

The convertible preferred shares are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.

43.9 Financial liabilities – share redemption liabilities
A contract that contains an obligation for the Group to purchase its own equity instruments for cash or another financial
asset gives rise to a financial liability for the present value of the redemption amount.

The financial liability is recognised initially at the present value of the redemption amount, and is reclassified from equity.
Subsequently, the financial liability is measured at amortised cost. If the contract expires without delivery, the carrying
amount of the financial liability is reclassified to equity. The Group’s contractual obligation to purchase its own equity
instruments gives rise to a financial liability for the present value of the redemption amount even if the obligation to
purchase is conditional on the counterparty exercising a right to redeem.


332
                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




43. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

43.10 Borrowings
Borrowings are initially recognized at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently measured
at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption amount is
recognized in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method. Fees paid on the
establishment of loan facilities are recognized as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it is probable that some
or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down occurs. To the extent there
is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalised as a prepayment
for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility to which it relates.

Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged, cancelled or
expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability that has been extinguished or transferred to
another party and the consideration paid, including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognized in
profit or loss as finance costs.

Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the
liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.

43.11 Borrowing costs
Borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

43.12 Provisions
Provisions for legal claims, service warranties and make good obligations are recognized when the Group has a present
legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to
settle the obligation and the amount can be reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognized for future operating losses.

Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is
determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognized even if the likelihood of an
outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.

Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the
present obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine the present value is a pre-tax
rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The increase
in the provision due to the passage of time is recognized as interest expense.




                                                                                                                             333
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




XI. Definitions
“2024 Share Incentive Scheme”           the 2024 share incentive scheme of the Company adopted and approved by the
                                        Shareholders at the annual general meeting held on 18 June 2024

“Articles” or “Articles of              the Articles of Association of our Company effective on the Listing Date
Association”

“Audit Committee”                       the audit committee of the Board

“Award(s)”                              the award(s) in the form of RSU(s) pursuant to the 2024 Share Incentive Scheme
                                        and the award agreement entered into between the Company and the relevant
                                        grantees

“Class A Shares”                        class A shares of the Company with a par value of US$0.000002 each, following
                                        the Reclassification, Redesignation and Share Subdivision, conferring weighted
                                        voting rights in the Company such that each Class A Share shall entitle its holder
                                        to ten votes on each resolution subject to a vote at the Company’s general
                                        meetings, save for resolutions with respect to any Reserved Matters, in which
                                        case each Class A Share and each Class B Share shall entitle its holder to one
                                        vote on a poll at a general meeting

“Class B Shares”                        Class B shares of the Company with a par value of US$0.000002 each, following
                                        the Reclassification, Redesignation and Share Subdivision, such that each Class B
                                        Share shall entitle its holder to one vote on each resolution subject to a vote at
                                        the Company’s general meetings

“Companies Act”                         the Companies Act, Cap. 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the
                                        Cayman Islands, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
                                        time

“Company”, “our Company”                J&T Global Express Limited (極兔速遞環球有限公司), an exempted company
                                        incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability on 24 October 2019

“connected person(s)”                   has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“connected transaction(s)”              has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“Consolidated Affiliated Entities”      the entities we control through the Contractual Arrangements, namely the PRC
or “consolidated affiliated entities”   Holdco and Indonesian Holdco and their respective subsidiaries. For further
                                        details of these entities, see the section headed “Directors’ Report – Contractual
                                        Arrangements” of this annual report




334
                                                                                                              Definitions




“Contractual Arrangements”         the series of contractual agreements entered into by the PRC and Indonesian
                                   WFOE, the PRC Holdco, the Indonesian Holdco, the PRC Registered Shareholders
                                   and the Individual and Corporate Registered Shareholders of our Indonesian
                                   Holdco, please refer to the section headed “Directors’ Report – Contractual
                                   Arrangements” in this annual report

“Corporate Governance Code” or     the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules
“CG Code”

“Corporate Governance Committee”   the corporate governance committee of the Board

“Director(s)”                      the director(s) of the Company

“Eligible Participant(s)”          the Employee Participant(s), Service Provider(s) and Related Entity Participant(s)

“Employee Participant(s)”          Director(s) and employee(s) of any member of the Group

“ESG”                              environmental, social and governance

“Global Offering”                  the Hong Kong Public Offering and the International Offering

“Group”, “our Group”,              our Company, its subsidiaries and consolidated affiliated entities, or where the
“the Group”,                       context so requires, in respect of the period before our Company became the
“J&T Express”,                     holding company of our present subsidiaries and consolidated affiliated entities,
“Company”, “the Company”           the subsidiaries and consolidated affiliated entities as if they were the subsidiaries
“we”, “us”, or “our”               and consolidated affiliated entities of our Company at the time

“HK$”, “Hong Kong dollars”         the lawful currency of Hong Kong
or “HK dollars”

“HKEX”, “Stock Exchange”           The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
or “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”

“Hong Kong” or “HK”                the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“IDR”                              the lawful currency of Indonesia

“IFRS”                             International Financial Reporting Standards, amendments and interpretations
                                   issued by the International Accounting Standards Board

“Indonesian Opco”                  PT Global Jet Express, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws
                                   of Indonesia, which obtained its legal entity status on 21 May 2015 and a
                                   consolidated affiliated entity of our Company




                                                                                                                    335
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




“Indonesian WFOE”                PT. Cahaya Global Berjaya, a limited liability company incorporated under the
                                 laws of the Republic of Indonesia on 11 June 2021 and our wholly-owned
                                 subsidiary

“J&T Express China”              J&T Express China Co., Ltd. (極兔速遞有限公司), a limited liability company
                                 incorporated under the laws of the PRC on 29 September 2007 and a
                                 consolidated affiliated entity of our Company

“Listing”                        the listing of our Class B Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange

“Listing Date”                   27 October 2023

“Listing Rules”                  the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (as amended,
                                 supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)

“Main Board”                     the stock market (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock Exchange
                                 which is independent from and operated in parallel with the Growth Enterprise
                                 Market of the Stock Exchange

“Model Code”                     the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set
                                 out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“MYR”                            the lawful currency of Malaysia

“New Markets”                    Saudi Arabia, UAE, Mexico, Brazil and Egypt

“Nomination Committee”           the nomination committee of the Board

“PHP”                            the lawful currency of the Philippines

“PRC” or “China”                 the People’s Republic of China, but for the purposes of this annual report
                                 only (unless otherwise indicated) excluding Hong Kong, the Macau Special
                                 Administrative Region and Taiwan

“PRC Holdco” or                  Shanghai Yishangshiye Co., Ltd. (上海邑商實業有限公司), a limited liability
“Shanghai Yishangshiye”          company incorporated under the laws of the PRC on 8 April 2014 and a holding
                                 company of certain PRC subsidiaries

“PRC WFOE” or                    Chongqing Yunqing Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd. (重慶紜慶供應鏈管理
“Chongqing Yunqing”              有限公司), a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the PRC on
                                 22 April 2020 and our wholly-owned subsidiary




336
                                                                                                               Definitions




“Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan”    the Network Partners Equity Incentive Plan, as adopted by our Shareholders on
                                  26 February 2022 and amended by way of Directors’ resolutions dated 31 May
                                  2023

“prospectus”                      the prospectus being issued in connection with the Hong Kong Public Offering

“Related Entity Participant(s)”   includes director(s) and employee(s) of the holding companies, fellow subsidiaries
                                  or associated companies of the Company

“Remuneration Committee”          the remuneration committee of the Board

“Reporting Period”                for the year ended 31 December 2025

“Reserved Matters”                those matters with respect to which each Class A Share and each Class B Share
                                  shall entitle its holder to one vote on a poll at general meetings of the Company
                                  pursuant to the Articles of Association, being: (i) any amendment to the
                                  Memorandum or Articles, including the variation of the rights attached to any
                                  class of shares, (ii) the appointment, election or removal of any independent non-
                                  executive Director, (iii) the appointment or removal of the Company’s auditors,
                                  or (iv) the voluntary liquidation or winding-up of the Company

“RMB” or “Renminbi”               the lawful currency of the PRC

“Service Provider(s)”             person(s) and/or corporate entity(ies) who provide(s) services to the Group on a
                                  continuing and recurring basis in its ordinary and usual course of business which
                                  are in the interests of the long term growth of the Group, including:

                                  (1)   Network Partners: business partners that own and operate pickup
                                        and delivery outlets in our network within their respective designated
                                        geographic regions;

                                  (2)   Strategic Consulting Consultants: persons who provide strategic consulting
                                        services to the Group whose services will lead, collaborate with or optimize
                                        the businesses operated by the Group from time to time, and in the opinion
                                        of the Directors, the continuity and frequency of those services are akin to
                                        those of employees of the Group;

                                  (3)   Industry Research Consultants: persons who provide industry research
                                        and strategic consulting services to the Group in relation to product,
                                        professional technology, research and development, operations, marketing,
                                        capital market, experience and other professional areas, and in the opinion
                                        of the Directors, the continuity and frequency of those services are akin to
                                        those of employees of the Group but excluding (for the avoidance of doubt)
                                        (i) placing agents or financial advisers providing advisory services for fund-
                                        raising, mergers or acquisitions, and (ii) professional service providers (such as
                                        auditors or valuers) who provide assurance, or are required to perform their
                                        services with impartiality and objectivity




                                                                                                                     337
極兔速遞 2025 年度報告
J&T Express 2025 Annual Report




“SFO” or “Securities and         the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
Futures Ordinance”               amended or supplemented from time to time

“Shanghai Jiexiao” or            Shanghai Jiexiao Information Technology Co., Ltd. (上海捷曉信息技術有限公
“Technology Company”             司), a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the PRC on 10
                                 September 2019 and a subsidiary of our Company

“Share(s)”                       the Class A Shares and/or Class B Shares in the share capital of the Company

“Shareholder(s)”                 holder(s) of our Shares

“THB”                            the lawful currency of Thailand

“US$”, “USD” or “U.S. dollars”   the lawful currency of the United States

“WVR” or                         has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules
“weighted voting rights”

“WVR Beneficiary”                has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules and unless the context
                                 otherwise requires, refers to Mr. Jet Jie Li, being the beneficial owner of the Class
                                 A Shares, entitling him to weighted voting rights

“WVR Structure”                  has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“Yimi”                           Yimi Global Limited (formerly known as Huisen Global Limited), an exempted
                                 company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability on 16 April
                                 2021

“Yunyi Transportation” or        Yunyi Transportation (Chongqing) Co., Ltd. (紜毅運輸（重慶）有限公司), a limited
“Transportation Company”         liability company incorporated under the laws of the PRC on 31 December 2019
                                 and a subsidiary of our Company




338
