                                                                                              China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                                     (A joint stock limited company incorporated
                                                                                                                                     in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

                                                                                                                                     Stock Code : 0998




                                                                                             2020 Annual Report
                                                                                                                                     Strive to Be
                                                                                                                                     the Provider of
                                                                                                                                     the Best Comprehensive
                                                                                                                                     Financial Services
Address : 6-30/F and 32-42/F, Building No. 1, 10 Guanghua Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing




                                                                                                                                     2020
Postal Code : 100020
Investor Hotline : +86-10-66638188
Email Address : ir@citicbank.com
Website : www.citicbank.com


                                                                                                                                     Annual Report
           This Annual Report is printed on recyclable paper
Corporate Profile
China CITIC Bank was founded in 1987. It is one of the earliest emerging commercial banks established during China’s reform and
opening up and also China’s first commercial bank participating in financing at both domestic and international financial markets. A
keen contributor to China’s economic development, the Bank is renowned at home and abroad for brushing numerous track records
in the modern Chinese financial history. In April 2007, the Bank simultaneously listed its A and H shares at the Shanghai Stock
Exchange and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

The Bank aspires to become a responsible, unique and valuable provider of the best comprehensive financial services with a human
touch. To attain this development vision, the Bank fully leverages on the advantages of CITIC Group’s comprehensive platform
featuring both financial and non-financial businesses, and at the same time holds firm to its business concept of “customer
orientation, reform driven, science & technology for growth, asset-light development, compliant operation, strengthen through
talents”. For corporate customers and institutional customers, the Bank offers integrated financial solutions in corporate banking
business, international business, financial markets business, institutional banking business, investment banking business, transaction
banking business and custody business. For individual customers, the Bank provides diversified financial products and services in
retail banking, credit card, consumer finance, wealth management, private banking, going abroad finance and e-banking. As such,
the Bank satisfies the needs of corporate, institutional and individual customers for comprehensive financial services on all fronts.

As at the end of 2020, the Bank had 1,405 outlets in 153 large and medium-sized cities in China and 7 affiliates at home and
abroad, namely CITIC International Financial Holdings Limited, CNCB (Hong Kong) Investment Co., Ltd., CITIC Financial
Leasing Co., Ltd., CITIC Wealth Management Corporation Limited, CITIC aiBank Corporation Limited, JSC Altyn Bank and
Zhejiang Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank Limited. CITIC Bank International Limited, a subsidiary of CIFH, recorded 34 outlets and
2 business centers in Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR, New York, Los Angeles, Singapore and the Chinese mainland. CNCB (Hong
Kong) Investment Co., Ltd. had 3 subsidiaries in Hong Kong SAR and the Chinese mainland. CITIC Wealth Management
Corporation Limited is the wholly-owned wealth management subsidiary of the Bank. CITIC aiBank Corporation Limited, a joint
venture co-sponsored by the Bank and Baidu, is the first independent legal entity practicing direct banking in China. JSC Altyn
Bank had 7 outlets and 1 private banking center in Kazakhstan.

The Bank has persevered in serving the real economy, engaging in stable healthy business operation and keeping abreast with
the times. Thriving through over 30 years’ growth and expansion, the Bank has become a financial conglomerate with strong
comprehensive competitiveness and powerful brand influence, registering more than RMB7 trillion total assets and nearly 60,000
employees. In 2020, The Banker magazine of the United Kingdom rated the Bank the 21st on its list of the “Top 500 Global Bank
Brands” and the 24th on its list of the “Top 1,000 World Banks” in terms of tier-one capital.


Important Notice
The Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, directors, supervisors and senior management members of the Bank guarantee
that the information contained in the 2020 Annual Report does not include any false records, misleading statements or material
omissions, and assume several and joint liabilities for its truthfulness, accuracy and completeness.

The meeting of the Board of Directors of the Bank adopted the full text and summary of the Bank’s 2020 Annual Report on 25
March 2021. Nine of the nine eligible directors attended the meeting, with 8 of them attending the meeting on site, and director
Wan Liming entrusting director Huang Fang to attend and vote on his behalf as proxy due to conflicting schedule. The supervisors
and senior management members of the Bank attended the meeting as non-voting delegates.

The 2020 annual financial reports that the Bank prepared in accordance with the PRC Accounting Standards and the
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) were audited respectively by PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP and
PricewaterhouseCoopers in accordance with the auditing standards of the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong SAR respectively, with
both firms producing an auditor’s report with a standard unqualified audit opinion.

Mr. Fang Heying as executive director, President and Chief Financial Officer of the Bank, Mr. Guo Danghuai as executive director
and the Vice President in charge of finance and accounting works of the Bank and Mr. Xue Fengqing as the head of the Finance and
Accounting Department of the Bank hereby declare and guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the financial report
contained in the Bank’s 2020 Annual Report.

Profit Distribution Plan: Chapter 4 “Significant Events – Profit and Dividend Distribution of Ordinary Shares” of this report
discloses the Bank’s Profit Distribution Plan for 2020 as reviewed and adopted by the Board of Directors and to be submitted to the
2020 Annual General Meeting for deliberation. The plan proposes to pay a cash dividend of RMB2.54 per 10 shares (before tax).
No scheme for transfer of capital reserve to share capital will be applied for the current year.

Cautionary note on forward-looking statements: Forward-looking statements such as future plans and development strategies
contained in this report do not constitute substantive commitments of the Bank to its investors. Investors and relevant persons are
kindly reminded to maintain adequate risk awareness of such statements and understand the differences between plans, forecasts and
commitments.

Material risk reminder: During the reporting period, the Bank was not aware of any material risk that would adversely affect its
future development strategies and business targets. The Bank has detailed in this report the major risks that it was and may be
exposed to in its operation and management and its countermeasures thereof. For relevant information thereof, please refer to related
parts in Chapter 3 “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this report.

For the purpose of this report, numbers are expressed in Renminbi (RMB) unless otherwise specially stated. This report is prepared
in both Chinese and English. Shall there be discrepancy between the two versions, the Chinese version shall prevail.
Contents
Mission and Vision                                                 2
Performance Overview                                               3
President’s Letter to Shareholders                                 4
Definitions                                                       11
Chapter 1 Corporate Introduction                                  12
Chapter 2 Financial Highlights                                    18
Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis                      22
             3.1 Overview of the Bank’s Operating Results         22
             3.2 Analysis of the Financial Statements             23
             3.3 Strategic Planning                               47
             3.4 Key Issues in the Capital Market                 51
             3.5 Business Overview                                58
             3.6 Risk Management                                  79
             3.7	Material Investments, Material Acquisitions,    85
                     Disposal of Assets and Equity and
                     Restructuring of Assets
             3.8 Information about Structured Entities            86
Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors                        87
Chapter 5 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on          111
               Ordinary Shareholders
Chapter 6 Preference Shares                                      122
Chapter 7 Convertible Corporate Bonds                            125
Chapter 8 Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management              127
               Members, Staff and Affiliates
Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report                            147
Chapter 10 Report of the Board of Supervisors                    168
Chapter 11 Independent Auditor’s Report and Financial Report     173
    Mission and Vision




                                           To become a responsible, unique
                                           and valuable provider of the best
                         Vision            comprehensive financial services
                                           with a human touch



                                           To create value for customers, seek
                                           happiness for employees, make
                        Mission            profit for shareholders and perform
                                           responsibility for the society




                                           Customer orientation, integrity,
                           Core            innovation, coordination
                          values           and excellence




                                           Building “trust” for long-term
                          Brand            growth, incorporating smart services
                          motto            for boundless financing




2   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
Performance Overview



                                                                           Operating income                                                        Net profit
Operating performance:
                                                                   195.399          billion RMB
                                                                                                                                   48.980     billion RMB
                                                                                       Total assets                                 Net profit growth

                                                          7,511.161                 billion RMB
                                                                                                                                     2.01%
        Profitability:                                                                         ROAA                            Cost-to-income ratio

                                                                            0.69%                                              26.73%
                                                                                                ROAE                             Net interest margin

                                                                     10.08%                                                          2.26%
                                                                                                                        Allowance coverage ratio
        Asset quality:
                                                                                         NPL ratio
                                                                                                                         171.68%
                                                                            1.64%
                                                                                                                            The ratio of allowance
                                                                                                                                for impairment of
                                                                                                                               loans to total loans

                                                                                                                                     2.82%
        Customer base:                                                                                                         Corporate customers
                                                                              Online monthly
                                                                                  active users                               825,300
                                                     26.1556                                   million
                                                                                                                      Retail banking customers

                                                                                                                                    111                 million


Note:    Indicators under operating performance, profitability and asset quality are date of the Group and indicators under customer base are date of the Bank.




                                                                                                                                                2020 Annual Report   3
Fang Heying
Executive Director,
President
President’s Letter to Shareholders

Dear shareholders,

The year 2020 was an extraordinary year full of challenges. A complicated international situation, coupled with the globally
sweeping COVID-19, presented banks’ operation and development with numerous uncertainties. However, it is our firm
belief that the constant in the world is nothing but change itself. Under the strategic leadership of the Board of Directors,
the management strove to identify changes wittily, respond resourcefully and deal with risks and challenges calmly. Spotting
early opportunities from crisis and setting the stage amid changes, we attained sound results.

Throughout the year, we realized RMB195.399 billion operating income, a year-on-year increase of 4.00%, with profit
before provisioning recording RMB140.846 billion, a year-on-year increase of 5.27% and net profit attributable to
shareholders reaching RMB48.98 billion, a year-on-year increase of 2.01%. The Board of Directors suggested the dividend
distribution of RMB12.429 billion in 2020, namely RMB2.54 per 10 shares, an increase of 6.28% compared with the
previous year and the 3rd consecutive year of rise in dividends, so as to give back to the vast shareholders for the lasting
care and support.

As at the end of 2020, our total assets amounted to RMB7.51 trillion, up by 11.27% over the end of last year; deposits hit
RMB4.53 trillion, up by 12.12% over the end of last year; and loans totaled RMB4.47 trillion, up by 11.89% over the end
of last year. All stayed at the forefront of China’s joint-stock banks.

To our great delight, the NPL ratio dropped to 1.64% as at the end of the year, a new low in the past five years, indicating
a clear trend of asset quality changes. This achievement was especially tremendous, given the fact that all credit card loans
and personal loans overdue for more than 60 days were downgraded as NPLs in the year. As at the end of the year, both
the ratio of loans overdue for more than 60 days to NPLs and the ratio of loans overdue for more than 90 days to NPLs
hit the lowest level of recent years. At the same time, we set aside more provisions, which throughout the year totaled
RMB82.99 billion, increasing 7.4% year on year. The allowance coverage ratio and the ratio of allowance for impairment
of loans to total loans stood at 171.68% and 2.82%, both staying at a sound level.

In 2020, placing equal stress on quality, speed and long-term goals, we cemented our business foundation, optimized
our structure, advanced transformation and enhanced management. We evolved with time while inheriting and overcame
difficulties along the way ahead. Every effort we had made was converted into China CITIC Bank’s value and growth.

In 2020, we fulfilled our missions and responsibilities, and shared weal and woe with real economy enterprises.

In 2020, the outbreak of COVID-19 battered at the real economy. Sharing the fate with all the Chinese people, we gave
full play to the role of banking in supporting the real economy and pandemic control, and provided more supports to the
manufacturing as well as small and micro enterprises and private business that bore the brunt of the pandemic. As at the
end of 2020, the Bank’s outstanding loans granted to the manufacturing sector stood at RMB326.8 billion, an increase
of 27% from the beginning of the year; outstanding inclusive finance loans surged by 44% from the beginning of the
year reaching RMB325.1 billion; and loans granted to private enterprises went up by nearly RMB20 billion, accounting
for 39% of the total. By opening up green channels for loan review and approval, we went all out to meet the corporate
loan demands related to or directly for pandemic control. Throughout the year, we issued anti-epidemic loans totaling
RMB195.9 billion and underwrote 38 anti-epidemic bonds, raising funds of RMB26.8 billion. Through these efforts, we
contributed CITIC power to this the critical battle against the virus.




                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report     5
    P r e s i d e n t ’s L e t t e r t o S h a r e h o l d e r s




    Closely following up with major policies and guidelines of the CPC Central Committee and the State Council as well as
    new trends in economic development, we made overall planning and highly targeted efforts, and channeled credit resources
    to new infrastructure and new urbanization initiatives as well as major projects and to benefit high-tech and high-growth
    corporations. Throughout the year, our new loans granted to the industries falling within categories of active support and
    support accounted for 73% of the total. Specifically, the increase in loans to water conservancy, environment and public
    utilities management, with a growth rate of near 28%, led other segments; integrated circuit design & manufacturing and
    communication equipment manufacturing, two typical cases of high-end manufacturing industries saw their on- and off-
    balance sheet credit extension balance soaring from the beginning of the year by 138% and 86%, respectively. At the
    same time, we planned in advance to build industry research teams, focusing on key areas such as non-contact economy,
    5G and biomedicine and making arrangements for pension finance so as to foster more new drivers for future sustainable
    development.

    By insisting on the key regional development strategies of the state, we accurately implemented differentiated development
    strategies for different regions. To be specific, we increased credit support for the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, the Yangtze
    River Delta and the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area. The outstanding loans granted to the above three
    regions totaled RMB1.1 trillion, and new corporate loans granted to those regions accounted for nearly 60% of the total.
    Making full use of the radiating role of branches’ in core regions we guided the surrounding branches for collaborative and
    synergistic development. In doing so, we formed a regional development pattern which featured a reasonable structure,
    prominent priorities and distinctive characteristics, under which, we contributed new energy for the development of
    national key regions and the financial supply-side structural reform with our strength.

    Dedicated to the belief of originating from and giving back to the society, we fully leveraged our financial strength to
    engage in precision poverty alleviation. As to the distinctive industries of poor areas with market prospects, we actively
    promoted supply chain finance, so that the featured planting and breeding industries and the agricultural product
    processing industries could be developed to lift the poverty-stricken households along the upstream and downstream of
    these industrial chains out of poverty and propel people in poor regions towards self-sufficiency. We vigorously supported
    the development of the leading enterprises that did well in raising people out of poverty. Our outstanding loans for
    precision poverty alleviation with financial services stood at RMB29.2 billion, an increase about RMB7 billion over the end
    of the previous year, which effectively promoted local enterprises towards rapid development. As at the end of 2020, we
    managed to help 124 poverty-stricken villages nationwide and Xietongmen County in Tibet shake off poverty and pass the
    official poverty reduction inspection and lifted 35,500 persons from 11,900 households out of poverty completely.

    These challenges in 2020 have further convinced us that if we want to go farther steadily, we must return to our founding
    aspiration and give full play to our due role in empowering the real economy, supporting the formation of innovative
    systems, and serving virtuous market circulation. We set eyes on meeting needs of the Chinese society. While channeling
    financial resources to the places where they were in dire need, we continued to improve the adaptability and flexibility
    of the financial supply centered on credit, and thus got more out of resources and production factors through optimal
    allocation.




6   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                           P r e s i d e n t ’s L e t t e r t o S h a r e h o l d e r s




In 2020, we promoted business transformation with intensified efforts, further highlighting our business
characteristics and market competitiveness.

We are clearly aware that a modern commercial bank must take a pathway featuring capital light, asset light and cost
light development. In recent years, we have continued to promote the transformation of our business structure from “One
Body, Two Wings” to “Troika”. With retail and financial market sectors as two key points from which light development
was promoted, corporate, retail and financial markets, as three major business sectors, saw their proportion in the Bank’s
net operating income changing from 55.4%, 34.6%, and 7.0% three years ago to 45.8%, 40.8%, and 11.6% in 2020.
A more balanced business structure would enable us to better withstand changes in the economic cycle and enhance our
ability to attain sustainable development. At the same time, we worked harder to adjust the balance sheet. On the asset
side, we stepped up efforts to clean up inefficient and ineffective assets, promoted assets towards active circulation, and
moderately increased the proportion of low-risk interbank and investment businesses. As a result, the comprehensive risk
weight decreased by 3.95 percentage points compared with the previous year. We strove to build up revenue generation
capabilities, and expanded sources of capital-light income from such dimensions as customer, market, synergy and
innovation. Throughout the year, our net non-interest income hit RMB44.9 billion, up by RMB3.93 billion compared
with the previous year. We attached high importance to cost control and launched “income increase and cost cut”
campaign, through which a host of measures such as intensified liability restructuring, enhanced control over operating
cost, and higher efficiency of capital utilization were adopted to cut down on liability costs, operating costs, capital costs
and other types of costs totaling RMB6.72 billion. As a result, the cost-to-income ratio stood at 26.73%, down by 1.11
percentage points year on year.

Synergy is one of our unique business cards. As the largest financial subsidiary of CITIC Group, we deem synergy as an
important way for us to amplify CITIC Group’s comprehensive advantages, and a necessary force that underpins our
strategic development. The unique advantages CITIC Group have long formed in “Finance + Industry” and the emphasis
for international development in its DNA have set the stage for us to provide customers with one-stop integrated financial
services at home and abroad. In 2020, we worked together with CITIC Securities, China Securities, CITIC Trust, CITIC
Prudential Life and other financial subsidiaries of CITIC Group to furnish customers with joint financing of RMB1,078.2
billion, a year-on-year increase of 68%. This was also the first time for the indicator to cross the RMB1 trillion mark. The
products under custody from CITIC Group’s subsidiaries reached RMB845.8 billion, a year-on-year increase of 20%, and
generated a revenue beyond RMB300 million. The cross-selling of products under the retail business line hit RMB45.1
billion, 2.4 times that of the previous year.

Distinctive development is crucial to our current and future efforts to construct a “technology moat”. In recent years,
we have continued to consolidate our advantages in developing distinctive businesses, actively cultivated various forms of
emerging businesses, and strove to create a batch of “single big products” with CITIC characteristics. We made every effort
to develop transaction banking business by launching multiple transaction financing, payment and settlement products. The
number of transaction banking customers went beyond 700,000, and the transaction financing volume reached RMB337.7
billion, 3.4 times that of the previous year. In the meantime, we kept sharpening our competitive edges in investment
banking, financial markets and international business. In 2020, we underwrote debt financing instruments of more than
RMB630 billion, completed forex market making transactions totaling USD1.69 trillion, and conducted cross-border
Renminbi receipts and payments amounting to RMB325.2 billion, maintaining the leading position in the market. We
continued to strengthen government financial services, thus having formed a full ecological chain that covered “governments
+ corporate and public institutions + the public”. We had 43,100 institutional customers of all sorts, with daily average
deposits of nearly RMB1,180 billion. As our retail banking kept releasing its momentum in the transformation process, the
number of individual customers and the number of users of the “CITIC U Enjoy+” platform both exceeded 100 million,
and the number of credit cards issued went beyond 92 million. Going abroad financial services have long been one of our
featured businesses, and visa services are even one of our defining labels. In 2020, we recorded more than 7.63 million
accounts of customers using our going abroad financial services, with the assets under management approaching RMB1
trillion. Our private banking saw its brand value becoming increasingly prominent. It had more than 50,000 customers
and managed assets worth RMB680.3 billion. The two flagship products, family trust and carte blanche of private banking,
surged by 54% and 71% year on year, respectively.




                                                                                                                2020 Annual Report        7
    P r e s i d e n t ’s L e t t e r t o S h a r e h o l d e r s




    In 2020, we reinforced IT empowerment, and achieved fruitful results in innovation-driven development and digital
    finance.

    Technological innovation is the primary productivity that drives development. Since recent years, we have unswervingly
    implemented the new development philosophy, continued to seek reform and innovation, increased investment in science
    and technology, and moved towards the goal of becoming a top technology-driven bank. In 2020, our investment in
    science and technology was close to RMB7 billion, an increase of 24% over the previous year. The number of scientific and
    technical personnel quadrupled in two years, accounting for 7.6% of total. Thanks to continuous investment over the long
    term, we have established a market image of “being brave to innovate and leading in technology”, and made important
    progress in digital transformation, which becomes another shining business card for us in the market.

    We are well aware that if product innovation is “water”, then institutional innovation will be the “wellspring”. Only by
    setting up sound innovation institutions, can we “have inspirations needed by product innovation from the inexhaustible
    source”. From the establishment of an innovation management committee to the incorporation of a financial product IT
    innovation laboratory and to the creation of the industry’s first R&D section dedicated to empowering the development of
    branches last year, we have put in place an integrated IT empowerment system that could cover product R&D, marketing
    support, technology output, one-stop services, sharing center and other fields. Under the system, IT teams could directly
    serve business departments and branches, and send a steady flow of technical support to the front-line business personnel.
    Over the year since the establishment of the branch-targeted R&D section, 100% of front-line requests were responded
    properly, the average time required by end-to-end delivery was halved to 15 working days, a 50% further improvement
    compared with the previous year.

    Underpinned and driven by the scientific and technological forces, we in 2020 put in place 63 innovative projects under
    category I, and launched a number of projects enjoying sufficient support, high reputation and good profitability. We led
    China’s medium and large-sized banks to put into operation the first independently-developed distributed core system
    (“Lingyun Project”). By doing so, we contributed a “CITIC solution” to the realization of independent control over
    critical financial infrastructure of China, and upgraded our FinTech empowerment capabilities on all fronts. Meanwhile,
    we accelerated the R&D and application of new technologies such as AI and blockchain. The AI platform, called “CITIC
    Brain” generated over 300 “AI + data” precision models, thus providing real-time intelligent services to over 10 million
    customers. Additionally, we led peer banks in terms of blockchain technology R&D and application and the blockchain
    forfaiting transaction platform was recognized by the regulatory authorities and upgraded to a national industrial platform.

    With business development boosted by technology, our digital finance strategy is advancing at full speed, to empower
    operation and management in every respect. With digital marketing efforts intensified, we attracted another 12,800
    customers and deposits of RMB53.9 billion with the help of chain-based and product-based customer acquisition models.
    We developed a retail operation system that contributed to an increase in assets by nearly RMB200 billion, and intelligent
    recommendations of wealth management AI led to online sales of over RMB230 billion. We intensified efforts in delivering
    digital services. Through online processing, mobile approval and intelligent customer identification, we reduced time
    required for corporate account opening by about 30%. We accelerated the formation of ecological scenarios. More than 5,500
    business scenarios were created along with hundreds of partners such as UnionPay, DiDi, and JD.com to serve 5.2 million
    users and 390 million fund transactions were carried out in total.




8   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                           P r e s i d e n t ’s L e t t e r t o S h a r e h o l d e r s




In 2020, we strengthened risk management, making business development and risk control even more coordinated
and unified.

Development can only be attained on the base of sound risk control. Aiming at building a risk management system in
which risks could be put under control and development could be boosted, we took development as the most important
task and tried to solve problems with a development-oriented approach. At the same time, we made sure that development
must be achieved with risk factors filtered, risk control coordinated, and efficient compliance risk management, thus laying
a solid foundation for sustainable development.

We continued to improve comprehensive risk management standards, put in place a responsibility management mechanism
where duties, powers and interests could match and customer operation and risk management are integrated, and
established the principal responsible person mechanism for operation and the full-time approver mechanism. We kept
strengthening the transmission and implementation of credit policies. To be specific, we integrated credit policies with
marketing guides, inspection and approval standards, performance appraisal norms, and policies on resources allocation.
And we established an authorization system with upper limits, standards, responsibilities and supervision measures.
Following the four principles of “taking into account quality, customer, location and person”, we delegated authority to
branches on a more differentiated basis. While stimulating the vitality of operation at the primary level, we also strengthen
authorization review to form a closed management loop, upholding the bottom line for risk control.

We continued to optimize the allocation of general-category assets, by concentrating credit resources on the fields that
were great in asset quality and strongly countercyclical. In doing so, we were intended to thicken the “safe cushion” for
development. As at the end of 2020, our outstanding credit lines granted to such key industries as water, environment,
rental and business services, production and supply of electric power, gas and water, and transportation accounted for
nearly 45% of the total. Of which, those going to corporate customers rated at “A” or above took a share close to 70%.
The proportion of retail loans to total credit went up to nearly 43%. All of these figures justified further improved asset
quality.

We moved faster in digital transformation of risk management, intensified efforts to build the digital risk control system,
and facilitated the application of intelligent risk control fruits in the whole credit process and online business. In 2020, we
supported the development of 10-plus online products and established over 20 multi-dimensional risk portraying models for
corporate, inclusive finance and individual customers. We integrated big data to set up a proactive risk forewarning system,
which could carry out risk prediction and screening on customers in key areas based on forewarning signals to conduct risk
prevention and control in a much more forward-looking and accurate way. To boost our digital risk control capabilities,
we independently developed real-time, intelligent anti-fraud and anti-money laundering (AML) systems, through which the
accuracy of real-time transaction monitoring and interception operations was as high as 90%, and the offline risk control
and screening function managed to intercept over 17,000 risk events.

The year 2021 marks the launch of China’s 14th Five-Year Plan as well as the starting year for China CITIC Bank to
implement its 2021-2023 plan. Standing at a new starting point, we will feel the beat of China’s initiative to promote
high-quality development, get well adapted to the new stage of development, implement the new development philosophy,
and fit well into the new development pattern. Taking high-tech development as the engine, high-quality growth as the
goal, and high-value creation as the main task, we will, through the leading role of Party building, coordinate efforts to
attain integrated, light, intensive development, and strive to become a responsible, unique and valuable provider of the best
comprehensive financial services with a human touch.




                                                                                                                2020 Annual Report        9
     P r e s i d e n t ’s L e t t e r t o S h a r e h o l d e r s




     In the next three years, we will work harder to develop core businesses, and endow our businesses with more
     distinctive characteristics. We will continue to promote capital-light development, and form a business pattern with a
     more coordinated structure and more characteristic competitive edges. Laser-focused on the established strategies, we will
     increase resource input in core customers, core products and core regions, so as to expand competitive advantages and
     amplify value contribution constantly. Leveraging the advantage of full financial licenses of CITIC Group, we will make
     wealth management business grow stronger, and strive to become customers’ first choice of wealth management bank.

     In the next three years, we will give full play to the driving role of innovation, and allow our superior digital
     technologies to shine through. We will shore up the building of an innovative development system, strengthen the
     technology-driven development, forge a full-process, commercial-grade agile operation system, and build the China CITIC
     Bank cloud platform, in a bid to enhance the driving force of technological innovation on all fronts. With the continuously
     intensified input in scientific and technological development and accelerated digital transformation, we will build ourselves
     into a top technology-driven bank that can drive more innovations and bring about greater changes through the joint
     efforts made in both technology and business development.

     In the next three years, we will firmly hold the bottom line for risk management, and put in place a more robust
     compliance and internal control system. Adhering to the concept that “risk control creates value”, we will do better
     in risk prediction and forewarning. Through “precise credit supply”, we will make overall planning for “promoting the
     real economy” and “guarding against various risks”, optimize the credit structure, resolutely maintain our comparative
     advantage in traditional fields, and vigorously march into emerging sectors. With respect to “efficient risk prevention”, we
     will strengthen the application of digital risk control technologies, move faster to build intelligent forewarning and a full
     risk view, and enhance the pertinence and effectiveness of risk management. As to “impactful management means”, we will
     exercise a more rigid control over key areas and enhance the initiative of risk management, so as to support high-quality,
     sustainable development.

     In the next three years, we will go further in synergistic integration, and make overall collaboration more effective.
     Following the principle of “One CITIC, One Customer” and relying on the unique competitive advantages of CITIC
     Group in putting equal importance on both financial and non-financial businesses, we will reinforce all-around
     comprehensive collaboration and fully unlock the potential of synergistic development. We will roll out innovative
     collaborative models and improve collaborative mechanisms to form an sharing ecosystem that provides strong support for
     our ambition to become a comprehensive financial service provider and further establish “CITIC Synergy+” as a top-notch
     brand.

     As all shareholders know, Chairman of CITIC Group Mr. Zhu Hexian has recently been nominated and elected as
     Chairman of China CITIC Bank by our Board of Directors. Mr. Zhu has worked in the financial sector for more than
     20 years, and accumulated abundant theoretical knowledge and practical experience. As we firmly believe, China CITIC
     Bank, under the leadership of Chairman Zhu and with the all-round support of CITIC Group, will forge ahead towards a
     glorious future. Delivering an even better performance is the best way for us to serve our country, replay our shareholders,
     and answer the call of the times! The future of China CITIC Bank is worth looking forward to!




                                                                                                                    Fang Heying
                                                                                                      Executive Director, President
                                                                                                                  25 March 2021




10   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
Definitions

the reporting period                                          From 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020

the Bank/the Company/China CITIC                              China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
  Bank/CITIC Bank/CNCB

the Group                                                     China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited and its subsidiaries

Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank                                       Zhejiang Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank Limited

Hong Kong Listing Rules                                       The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
                                                              Hong Kong Limited

Xinhu Zhongbao                                                Xinhu Zhongbao Co., Ltd.

CITIC Wealth Management                                       CITIC Wealth Management Corporation Limited

CNCB Investment                                               CNCB (Hong Kong) Investment Co., Ltd. (formerly known as China
                                                              Investment and Finance Limited)

former CBRC                                                   former China Banking Regulatory Commission

China Tobacco                                                 China National Tobacco Corporation

CBIRC                                                         China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission

CSRC                                                          China Securities Regulatory Commission

CITIC aiBank                                                  CITIC aiBank Corporation Limited

CITIC Limited                                                 CITIC Limited (formerly known as CITIC Pacific Limited prior to renaming
                                                              in August 2014)

CIAM                                                          CITIC International Assets Management Limited

CIFH                                                          CITIC International Financial Holdings Limited

CITIC Group                                                   CITIC Group Corporation Limited (formerly known as CITIC Group
                                                              Corporation prior to renaming in December 2011)

CITIC Financial Leasing                                       CITIC Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.

CITIC Pacific                                                 CITIC Pacific Limited

CNCBI                                                         CITIC Bank International Limited (formerly known as CITIC Ka Wah
                                                              Bank Limited)

CITIC Corporation Limited                                     CITIC Corporation Limited (formerly known as CITIC Limited prior to
                                                              renaming in August 2014)

(Note:   The definitions are arranged in the alphabetic order of Mandarin Pin Yin)




                                                                                                                     2020 Annual Report   11
     Chapter 1 Corporate Introduction

             1.1 Corporate Information

          Registered Name in Chinese                                     中信銀行股份有限公司 (abbreviated as “中信銀行”)
          Registered Name in English                                     CHINA CITIC BANK CORPORATION LIMITED (abbreviated as “CNCB”)
          Legal Representative                                           Li Qingping1
          Authorized Representative                                      Fang Heying, Zhang Qing
          Secretary to the Board of Directors                            Zhang Qing
          Joint Company Secretaries                                      Zhang Qing, Kam Mei Ha Wendy (FCS, FCIS)
          Securities Representative of the Company                       Wang Junwei
                                                                         6-30/F and 32-42/F, Building No. 1, 10 Guanghua Road, Chaoyang District,
          Registered Address
                                                                         Beijing
          Postal Code of the Registered Address                          100020
                                                                         6-30/F and 32-42/F, Building No. 1, 10 Guanghua Road, Chaoyang District,
          Office Address
                                                                         Beijing
          Office Postal Code                                             100020
          Official Website                                               www.citicbank.com
          Telephone Number/Fax Number for Investors                      +86-10-66638188/+86-10-65559255
          Email Address for Investors                                    ir@citicbank.com
          Customer Service and Complaint                                 95558
             Telephone Number
          Principal Place of Business in Hong Kong                       Level 54 Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong
          Selected Media for Information Disclosure                      China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Times
                                                                         Website designated by the CSRC to publish A-share annual report: www.sse.com.cn
          Websites for Information Disclosure
                                                                         Website designated by the SEHK to publish H-share annual report: www.hkexnews.hk
                                                                         Office of the Board of Directors of CITIC Bank, Building No. 1, 10 Guanghua
          Place Where Annual Reports are Kept
                                                                         Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing
          Legal Adviser as to PRC Laws                                   East & Concord Partners
          Legal Adviser as to Hong Kong Laws                             Clifford Chance LLP
                                                                         PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP
          Domestic Auditor                                               11/F, PricewaterhouseCoopers Center, No.2 Corporate Avenue, No. 202 Hubin
                                                                         Road, Huangpu District, Shanghai (Postal code: 200021)
          Domestic Signing CPAs                                          Zhu Yu and Li Yan
                                                                         PricewaterhouseCoopers
          Overseas Auditor
                                                                         22/F, Prince’s Building, Central, Hong Kong
          Overseas Signing CPA                                           Leung Wai Kin
          Sponsor 1 for Continuous Supervision and                       CITIC Securities Co., Ltd.
            Guidance
                                                                         23/F, CITIC Securities Mansion, No. 48 Liangmaqiaolu, Chaoyang District,
          Office Address
                                                                         Beijing
          Signing Sponsor Representatives                                Ma Xiaolong and Cheng Yue
                                                                         From 19 March 2019 to 31 December 2020 (Where the convertible bonds
          Duration of Continuous Supervision and                         are not fully converted to shares upon expiry of the duration of continuous
           Guidance                                                      supervision and guidance, the duration shall be extended to the time of full
                                                                         conversion of the convertible bonds)

     1
         	According to the relevant provisions of the Bank’s Articles of Association, the chairperson of the Bank shall be the legal representative of the Bank. Due to work
                 arrangement, Ms. Li Qingping has resigned from the positions of the chairperson of the Board of Directors, the executive director, and the chairperson and
                 member of the Strategic Development Committee of the Board of the Bank on March 15 2021. And she authorized executive director and President of the
                 Bank, Mr. Fang Heying to perform the power and authority of legal representative of the Bank under the PRC Company Law, relevant laws and regulations as
                 well as the Bank’s Articles of Association. The authorization commences from the date of resignation of Ms. Li Qingping and expires on the date when the new
                 chairperson of the Bank takes office.




12   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                         Chapter 1 Corporate Introduction




Sponsor 2 for Continuous Supervision and      China International Capital Corporation Limited (CICC)
   Guidance
Office Address                                27-28/F, China World Office 2, No. 1 Jianguomen Waidajie, Beijing
Signing Sponsor Representatives               Xu Jia and Shi Fang
                                              From 19 March 2019 to 31 December 2020 (Where the convertible bonds
Duration of Continuous Supervision and        are not fully converted to shares upon expiry of the duration of continuous
 Guidance                                     supervision and guidance, the duration shall be extended to the time of full
                                              conversion of the convertible bonds)
                                              China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited Shanghai Branch
A-share Registrar                             3/F, China Insurance Building, No. 166 East Lujiazui Road, Pudong New Area,
                                              Shanghai
                                              Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
H-share Registrar
                                              Shops 1712-1716, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong
                                              A-share: Ordinary shares             Shanghai Stock Exchange
                                                          CNCB                     601998
                                                          Preference shares        Shanghai Stock Exchange
                                                          CITIC Excellent 1        360025
                                                          Convertible              Shanghai Stock Exchange
Listing Venue, Stock Name and Stock Code
                                                          corporate bonds
                                                          CITIC Convertible        113021
                                                          Bonds
                                              H-share: Ordinary shares             The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
                                                          CITIC Bank               0998
                                              SSE A Share Index, SSE Composite Index, Shanghai
Constituent Stock of Major Indexes            Shenzhen CSI 300 Index, CSI 100 Index, CSI 800 Index,
                                              Hang Seng China H-Financials Index
                                              Standard & Poor’s:
                                              (1) Long-term issuer credit rating: BBB+;
                                              (2) Short-term rating: A-2;
                                              (3) Long-term rating outlook: Stable.

                                              Moody’s:
                                              (1) Deposit rating: Baa2/P-2;
                                              (2) Baseline credit assessment: ba2;
Credit Ratings
                                              (3) Outlook: Stable.

                                              Fitch Ratings:
                                              (1) Default rating: BBB;
                                              (2) Support rating: 2;
                                              (3) Support rating floor: BBB;
                                              (4) Viability rating: b+;
                                              (5) Outlook: Stable.



  1.2 Contact Persons and Contact Details

                                 Secretary to the                               Securities Representative
                                 Board of Directors                             of the Company
Name                             Zhang Qing                                     Wang Junwei
                                 Building No. 1, 10 Guanghua Road,              Building No. 1, 10 Guanghua Road,
Address
                                 Chaoyang District, Beijing                     Chaoyang District, Beijing
Telephone                        +86-10-66638188                                +86-10-66638188
Fax                              +86-10-65559255                                +86-10-65559255
Email Address                    ir@citicbank.com                               ir@citicbank.com



                                                                                                        2020 Annual Report   13
     Honors and Awards




     the Bank was granted the “Core Dealer in Interbank Local
     Currency Market”, “Excellent Money Market Dealer in
     Interbank Local Currency Market”, “Excellent Derivatives
     Market Dealer in Interbank Local Currency Market”, “Excellent
     Bonds Market Dealer in Interbank Local Currency Market”,
     “Excellent Issuer of Interbank Certificates of Deposit” and
     “Opening-up Contribution Award” by National Interbank
     Funding Center; the “2019 Excellent Settlement Institution
     for Government Bond Market-making” by China Central
     Depository & Clearing Co., Ltd.; and the “Gold Industry            the Bank was granted the “Best Product
     Service Award” by Shanghai Futures Exchange.                       Development Awards” in the “China Private
                                                                        Banking Awards” by Asiamoney; and the
                                                                        “Discretionary and Segregated Portfolio
                                                                        Management Award” by Asian Private Banker.




     2020                                                 February                                                        May

                         January                                                        March


                                               the Bank ranked 21st among the                      the Bank was granted the “Best Performance Award
                                               “Top 500 Global Bank Brands”                        for Domestic Private Bank” by Hurun Report; and the
                                               published by The Banker magazine                    “Excellence Award for Proprietary Clearing of Interest
                                               of the United Kingdom.                              Rate Swap” by Shanghai Clearing House.




14   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
the Bank ranked 24th on The Banker
magazine of the United Kingdom’s list of
the “Top 1,000 World Banks” in terms
of tier-one capital. Besides, the Bank
was recognized the “Best Spot Market
Making Institution” and “Most Popular                                           the Bank was awarded the “Best Foreign Exchange Trading Bank in
Spot Market Making Institution” by                                              China” by FX Markets; the “Inclusive Finance Business Bank” by 21st
China Foreign Exchange Trade System,                                            Century Business Herald; the “Best Financial Technology Innovation
granted the “Tiger Roar Award – Brand                                           Institution” by CBN; the “Inclusive Finance Practising Bank with
of the Year” by the organizing committee                                        Excellent Competitiveness” by China Business Journal; and the
                                                the Bank was granted the        “Innovative Auto Finance Service Enterprise” by China Automobile
of Tiger Roar Award, and honored the
                                                “Gamma Award for Credit         Dealers Association. Besides, the Bank was granted the “Special
“Best Standing Committee Member
                                                Card” by Securities Times.      Contribution Award for UnionPay Card Risk Prevention and Control”
of the Second Interest Rate Working
Committee” by the China Banking                                                 by China UnionPay.
Association.




                                           August                            October                                 December

                       July                             September                               November

                                                    the Bank was recognized as the          the Bank was awarded the “2020 Bank for Ensuring Stability
                                                    “Excellent Blockchain Financial         on Six Fronts and Maintaining Security in Six Areas” by
                                                                                            Financial News; the “2020 Leading Enterprise in Bank
                                                    Service Bank” by China Investment       Innovation” by The Economic Observer; the “Best Supply
                                                    Network; and the “2020 Commercial       Chain Finance Bank” and “Best International Business Bank”
             the Bank was awarded the “Gamma                                                by Trade Finance magazine; and the “Outstanding Financial
             Award for Pension Financial Service    Bank with the Most Investment           Services for Small and Micro Enterprises” by JRJ.com. The
                                                    Value” by Investor China; and granted   Bank was also granted the “Best Mobile Banking Operation
             Bank” by Securities Times; and                                                 Award” and “Most Popular Mobile Banking Award” by China
             assessed as “Class A in the 2019-      the “Excellence Award for Pension       Financial Certification Authority; the “Innovation Award
                                                    Financial Service in Mega Health        of Big Data Technology Communication Award” by China
             2020 Information Disclosure                                                    Society for Science and Technology Journalism; and the “Social
             Assessment” by Shanghai Stock          Industry” by The Economic Observer.     Responsibility Pioneer Bank” by Hexun.com. The Bank’s core
                                                                                            credit card system based on the cloud architecture platform
             Exchange.                                                                      won the “First Prize of Best Technological Innovation Award”
                                                                                            in the China Banking FinTech Application Achievement
                                                                                            Competition, and its “Achievement Partner” brand of
                                                                                            corporate banking was honored as the “Excellent Brand
                                                                                            Renewal Case of the Year” by 21st Century Business Herald.
                                                                                                                                2020 Annual Report           15
     Chapter 1 Corporate Introduction




        1.3 Business Overview of the Company

     1.3.1 Main Business of the Company
     The Bank aspires to become a responsible, unique and valuable provider of the best comprehensive financial services with
     a human touch. To attain this development vision, the Bank fully leverages on the comprehensive platform advantages of
     CITIC Group’s comprehensive platform featuring both financial and non-financial businesses, and at the same time holds
     firm to its business concept of “customer orientation, reform driven, science & technology and talent for growth, asset-light
     development and, compliant operation, strengthen through talents”. For corporate customers and institutional customers,
     the Bank offers integrated financial solutions in corporate banking business, international business, financial markets
     business, institutional banking business, investment banking business, transaction banking business and custody business.
     For individual customers, the Bank provides diversified financial products and services in retail banking, credit card,
     consumer finance, wealth management, private banking, going abroad finance and e-banking. As such, the Bank satisfies
     the needs of corporate, institutional and individual customers for comprehensive financial services on all fronts. For details
     about industries the Bank involved in and its business during the reporting period, please refer to Chapter 3 “Management
     Discussion and Analysis” of this report.

     1.3.2 Note on Material Changes in the Company’s Main Assets
     The Group’s main assets include loans and advances to customers, deposits and placements with, and loans to banks and
     non-bank institutions, financial assets held under resale agreements, financial investments, cash and deposits and placements
     with central banks. As at the end of the reporting period, these aforementioned assets took up 97.2% of the Group’s total
     assets, down by 0.1 percentage point over the end of the previous year. Please refer to Chapter 3 “Management Discussion
     and Analysis – Analysis of the Financial Statements” of this report for information on changes in the Group’s main assets.

     1.3.3 Core Competitiveness Analysis
     Science-based and highly efficient corporate governance. The Bank has always adhered to market-oriented operation
     and constantly improved its corporate governance and business operation systems and mechanisms. The result was the
     formation of an organizational structure characterized by efficient management and professional division of duties. With
     reference to the theory and practice of modern bank development, the Bank set up a scientific corporate governance
     framework comprised of the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, the general meeting of shareholders, and the
     senior management. According to the principle of separating the front, middle and back offices, the Bank established
     a matrix management model with the Head Office departments as the lines and the branches and sub-branches as the
     arrays. The general meeting of shareholders, the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and the senior management
     functioned according to rules and performed duties effectively.

     Significant edges in synergy. Giving full play to CITIC Group’s unique advantages in “Finance + Real Economy”, the Bank
     created a new synergy model, set up the brand image of “CITIC Synergy+” and released the potential and value of CITIC
     Synergy. Following the principle of “One CITIC, One Customer”, the Bank mainly collaborated with financial participants
     and integrated industries into finance by upgrading its core business platform, and built a synergistic ecosystem to better
     serve enterprises. Leveraging integrated financial service resources with CITIC Group’s full range of financial licenses, the
     Bank joined hands with the Group’s financial subsidiaries, such as CITIC Securities, China Securities, CITIC Trust, China
     Asset Management (ChinaAMC), Citic-prudential Fund Management Company Ltd. and CITIC-Prudential Life Insurance
     Company Ltd., to showcase the four concept of wealth, health. Love and companion and provide financial service with a
     human touch for personal customers through the upgradation of “CITIC Wealth of Happiness” brand.




16   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                          Chapter 1 Corporate Introduction




Vigorous explorations and innovations. As China’s first commercial bank participating in financing at both domestic and
international financial markets, the Bank is renowned at home and abroad for brushing numerous track records in the
modern Chinese financial history. It has the genes of innovation and drives its development through innovation as well.
The Bank has carried forward the CITIC style of exploration and innovation. It further boosted innovation in products
and services, and gained unique competitive advantages in business such as investment banking, cross-border business,
institutional banking, transaction banking, auto finance, going broad finance, credit card, forex market making and custody
of mutual funds.

Effective risk prevention and control. Aimed at building a risk management system in which risks can be put under control
and development can be boosted, the Bank continuously improved its systems and mechanisms for risk management.
It made its comprehensive risk management increasingly professional, and set up an accountability mechanism where
responsibilities, powers and interests match, and customer management and risk management are integrated. It also
established the principal responsible person mechanism for operation and the full-time approver mechanism. Moreover,
the Bank moved faster in digital transformation of risk management, accumulated and integrated data, optimized model
systems, facilitated the application of intelligent risk control achievements in the whole credit process and online business,
and made risk prevention and control more targeted and forward-looking.

All-around empowerment by financial technology. Adhering to enabling advancement through technology and driving
development with innovation, the Bank empowered the development of all its businesses and strove to be a top technology-
driven bank. It continued to increase its investment in technology, make its products and services more competitive, drive
the transformation of business and operation models and create a data-driven business development model. It became the
first medium- and large-sized bank in China to put into operation the independently developed distributed core system,
improving its comprehensive capabilities of empowering development through financial technology on all fronts. New
technologies such as artificial intelligence and blockchain were innovatively applied in all business fields to drive the
development of the Bank.

Characteristic and vivid brand culture. By recreating the cultural elements over the past more than three decades, the
Bank fostered a distinctive corporate culture. It aspires to become a responsible, unique and valuable provider of the best
comprehensive financial services with a human touch. Moreover, it adheres to the core values of customer orientation,
integrity, innovation, collaboration and excellence, and assumes missions to create value for customers, seek happiness for
employees, make profit for shareholders and perform responsibility for the society. With the provision of a full range of
financial products and high-quality customer services, the Bank enjoyed a high reputation and extensive influence at both
domestic and overseas markets. In 2020, The Banker magazine of the United Kingdom rated the Bank 21st on its list of the
“Top 500 Global Bank Brands”, and 24th on its list of the “Top 1,000 World Banks” in terms of tier-one capital.

Professional and brilliant talent team. Holding “people first”, the Bank deepened the human resource reform, and
established a value-based and employee-centric talent management mechanism and a modern market-oriented human
resource management system to serve the bank-wide strategic transformation. Through a reasonable competition-based
manager appointment, the Bank expanded the channels of talent evaluation and selection, improved the assessment
mechanism, continued to improve the performance evaluation system and reinforced incentive constraints, built promotion
channels for professionals and technicians so as to vigorously fostered core and young talents. By doing so, the Bank has
established a high-quality talent team.




                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report     17
     Chapter 2 Financial Highlights

         2.1 Operating Performance

                                                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                                               Growth
       Item                                                                               2020                         2019                   rate (%)                  2018
       Operating income                                                              195,399                      187,881                            4.00            165,766
       Profit before provisioning                                                    140,846                      133,800                            5.27            112,559
       Profit before tax                                                              57,857                       56,545                            2.32             54,326
       Net profit attributable to the equity
         holders of the Bank                                                           48,980                       48,015                           2.01             44,513
       Net cash flows from/(used in) operating
         activities                                                                  156,863                      116,969                           34.11            102,316
       Per share
       Basic earnings per share (RMB)                                                      0.94                         0.95                        (1.05)              0.88
       Diluted earnings per share (RMB)                                                    0.86                         0.89                        (3.37)              0.88
       Net cash flows from/(used in) operating
         activities per share (RMB)                                                        3.21                         2.39                        34.31               2.09

                                                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                            2020
       Item                                                                     1st Quarter                2nd Quarter                  3rd Quarter              4th Quarter
       Operating income                                                                51,570                      50,630                          47,307             45,892
       Net profit attributable to the equity
        holders of the Bank                                                            14,453                      11,088                          11,377             12,062
       Net cash flows from/(used in) operating
        activities                                                                    (72,923)                    139,776                      (16,499)             106,509



         2.2 Profitability Indicators

                                                                                                                                            Increase/
                                                                                                                                        (decrease) in
                                                                                                                                          percentage
       Item                                                                               2020                     2019 (7)                    point                 2018 (7)
       Return on average assets (ROAA) (1)                                             0.69%                        0.76%                           (0.07)            0.77%
       Return on average equity (ROAE) (2)                                            10.08%                       11.06%                           (0.98)           11.36%
       Cost-to-income ratio (excluding tax
         and surcharges) (3)                                                          26.73%                       27.84%                           (1.11)           30.71%
       Credit cost (4)                                                                 1.64%                        1.79%                           (0.15)            1.40%
       Net interest spread (5)                                                         2.18%                        2.36%                           (0.18)            2.22%
       Net interest margin (6)                                                         2.26%                        2.45%                           (0.19)            2.31%

     Notes: (1) Return on average assets (ROAA) = net profit/the average of the balances of total assets at the beginning and end of the period.
             (2) Return on average equity (ROAE) = net profit attributable to the ordinary shareholders of the Bank/the average of total beginning and ending equity
                  attributable to the ordinary shareholders of the Bank.
             (3) Cost-to-income ratio = (operating expenses – tax and surcharges)/operating income.
             (4) Credit cost = current-year accruals of allowance for impairment losses on loans and advances to customers/average balance of loans and advances to customers.
             (5) Net interest spread = average yield on total interest-earning assets – average cost rate of total interest-bearing liabilities.
             (6) Net interest margin = net interest income/average balance of total interest-earning assets.
             (7) According to the Notice on Strictly Implementing the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and Strengthening the 2020 Annual Report Related Work of
                  Enterprises jointly issued by the MOF (Ministry of Finance), the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council, the
                  CBIRC and the CSRC, the Group reclassified the installment income of credit card-based consumption from fee income to interest income as of 2020, and
                  financial indicators related to interest income and non-interest income during the comparable periods were restated.




18   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                                          Chapter 2 Financial Highlights




    2.3 Scale Indicators

                                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB million
                                                                    31 December                31 December                      Growth          31 December
  Item                                                                     2020                       2019                     rate (%)                2018
  Total assets                                                          7,511,161                   6,750,433                      11.27               6,066,714
  Total loans and advances to customers (1)                             4,473,307                   3,997,987                      11.89               3,608,412
    – Corporate loans                                                   2,170,400                   1,955,519                      10.99               1,881,125
    – Discounted bills                                                    411,007                     311,654                      31.88                 242,797
    – Personal loans                                                    1,891,900                   1,730,814                       9.31               1,484,490
  Total liabilities                                                     6,951,123                   6,217,909                      11.79               5,613,628
  Total deposits from customers (1)                                     4,528,399                   4,038,820                      12.12               3,616,423
    – Corporate demand deposits (2)                                     1,915,266                   1,674,923                      14.35               1,521,684
    – Corporate time and call deposits                                  1,674,846                   1,485,727                      12.73               1,382,230
    – Personal demand deposits                                            327,110                     275,526                      18.72                 262,960
    – Personal time and call deposits                                     611,177                     602,644                       1.42                 449,549
  Deposits from banks and non-bank
    financial institutions                                              1,163,641                     951,122                      22.34                 782,264
  Placements from banks and non-bank
    financial institutions                                                   57,756                       92,539                 (37.59)                 115,358
  Total equity attributable to the equity
    holders of the Bank                                                    544,573                    517,311                       5.27                 436,661
  Total equity attributable to the ordinary
    shareholders of the Bank                                               469,625                    442,363                       6.16                 401,706
  Net asset per share attributable to the
    ordinary shareholders of the Bank
    (RMB)                                                                        9.60                       9.04                    6.19                      8.21

Notes: (1) As per the Notice on Amending and Issuing the Formats of Financial Statements for Financial Enterprises for 2018 (Finance and Accounting [2018] No.36)
            issued by the Ministry of Finance, the interest of a financial instrument accrued according to the effective interest method should be included in the book
            balance of the corresponding financial instrument and reflected in relevant items of the balance sheet. The Group has prepared the financial statements
            according to requirements in the above notice since 2018. For the convenience of analysis, “total loans and advances to customers” and “total deposits from
            customers” do not include relevant interest.
        (2) Corporate demand deposits included demand deposits from corporate customers and outward remittance and remittance payables of corporate customers.




    2.4 Asset Quality Indicator

                                                                                                                             Increase/
                                                                                                                         (decrease) in
                                                                    31 December                31 December                 percentage             31 December
  Item                                                                     2020                       2019                      point                    2018
  NPL ratio (1)                                                             1.64%                      1.65%                       (0.01)                 1.77%
  Allowance coverage ratio (2)                                            171.68%                    175.25%                       (3.57)               157.98%
  Allowance for loan impairment losses
    to total loans (3)                                                        2.82%                       2.90%                    (0.08)                   2.80%

Note:   (1) NPL ratio = balance of NPLs/total loans and advances to customers.
        (2) Allowance coverage ratio = balance of allowance for impairment losses on loans and advances to customers (excluding allowance for impairment losses on
            accrued interest)/balance of NPLs.
        (3) The ratio of allowance for loan impairment losses to total loans = balance of allowance for impairment losses on loans and advances to customers (excluding
            allowance for impairment losses on accrued interest)/total loans and advances to customers.




                                                                                                                                             2020 Annual Report           19
     Chapter 2 Financial Highlights




         2.5 Other Main Regulatory Indicators

                                                                                                                                       Increase/
                                                                                                                                   (decrease) in
                                                                    Regulatory 31 December                  31 December              percentage         31 December
       Item (1)                                                          value        2020                         2019                   point                2018
       Capital adequacy profile
       Core tier-one capital adequacy ratio                            ≥7.50%                 8.74%                  8.69%                    0.05               8.62%
       Tier-one capital adequacy ratio                                 ≥8.50%                10.18%                 10.20%                   (0.02)              9.43%
       Capital adequacy ratio                                         ≥10.50%                13.01%                 12.44%                    0.57              12.47%
       Leverage profile
       Leverage ratio                                                        ≥4%               6.40%                 6.71%                   (0.31)               6.37%
       Liquidity risk profile
       Liquidity coverage ratio (2)                                      ≥100%               135.14%              149.27%                  (14.13)            114.33%
       Liquidity ratio
       Including: Local and foreign currencies                             ≥25%              57.97%                 63.21%                   (5.24)             50.60%
                  Renminbi                                                 ≥25%              58.04%                 63.88%                   (5.84)             50.80%
                  Foreign currencies                                       ≥25%              71.56%                 60.51%                   11.05              59.85%

     Notes: (1) The figures in the table were calculated in accordance with the regulatory standards of the Chinese banking industry. Except for the liquidity coverage ratio
                  which was data of the Bank, all other indicators were data of the Group.
             (2) As per the requirements of the Measures on Liquidity Risk Management of Commercial Banks (CBIRC Decree [2018] No. 3), the liquidity coverage ratio of
                  commercial banks should reach 100% by the end of 2018.




         2.6 Differences between IFRS and PRC Accounting Standards

     There is no difference between the 2020 year-end net assets and the net profit of the Group for the year of 2020 calculated
     according to the PRC Accounting Standards and those calculated as per the International Financial Reporting Standards
     (IFRS).




20   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                                      Chapter 2 Financial Highlights




    2.7 Five-Year Financial Summary

                                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB million
                                                                                         2019                  2018
 Item                                                              2020             (restated)            (restated)                  2017                  2016
 Operating performance
 Operating income                                              195,399               187,881               165,766               157,231               154,159
 Profit before tax                                              57,857                56,545                54,326                52,276                54,608
 Net profit attributable to the equity
   holders of the Bank                                           48,980                48,015                44,513                42,566                41,629
 Net cash flow from/(used in) operating
   activities                                                  156,863               116,969               102,316                 54,074              218,811
 Per share
 Basic earnings per share (RMB)                                     0.94                  0.95                  0.88                  0.84                  0.85
 Diluted earnings per share (RMB)                                   0.86                  0.89                  0.88                  0.84                  0.85
 Net cash flow from/(used in) operating
   activities per share (RMB)                                       3.21                  2.39                  2.09                  1.11                  4.47
 Scale indicators
 Total assets                                               7,511,161              6,750,433             6,066,714             5,677,691             5,931,050
 Total loans and advances to customers                      4,473,307              3,997,987             3,608,412             3,196,887             2,877,927
 Total liabilities                                          6,951,123              6,217,909             5,613,628             5,265,258             5,546,554
 Total deposits from customers                              4,528,399              4,038,820             3,616,423             3,407,636             3,639,290
 Total equity attributable to the equity
   holders of the Bank                                         544,573               517,311               436,661               399,638               379,224
 Net asset per share attributable to the
   ordinary shareholders of the Bank
   (RMB)                                                            9.60                  9.04                  8.21                  7.45                  7.04
 Profitability indicators
 Return on average assets (ROAA)                                 0.69%                 0.76%                 0.77%                 0.74%                 0.76%
 Return on average equity (ROAE)                                10.08%                11.06%                11.36%                11.63%                12.58%
 Cost-to-income ratio (excluding tax
   and surcharges)                                              26.73%                27.84%                30.71%                30.05%                27.75%
 Credit cost                                                     1.64%                 1.79%                 1.40%                 1.64%                 1.67%
 Net interest spread (note)                                      2.18%                 2.36%                 2.22%                 1.87%                 1.89%
 Net interest margin (note)                                      2.26%                 2.45%                 2.31%                 2.03%                 2.00%
 Asset quality indicators
 NPL ratio                                                      1.64%                 1.65%                 1.77%                 1.68%                 1.69%
 Allowance coverage ratio                                     171.68%               175.25%               157.98%               169.44%               155.50%
 The ratio of allowance for loan
   impairment losses to total loans                              2.82%                  2.90%                 2.80%                 2.84%                 2.62%
 Capital adequacy ratios
 Core tier-one capital adequacy ratio                            8.74%                 8.69%                 8.62%                 8.49%                 8.64%
 Tier-one capital adequacy ratio                                10.18%                10.20%                 9.43%                 9.34%                 9.65%
 Capital adequacy ratio                                         13.01%                12.44%                12.47%                11.65%                11.98%

Note:   According to the Notice on Strictly Implementing the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and Strengthening the 2020 Annual Report Related Work of
        Enterprises jointly issued by the MOF, the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, the CBIRC and the CSRC, the Group reclassified
        the installment income of credit card-based consumption from fee income to interest income as of 2020, and the net interest spread and net interest margin of
        2019 and 2018 were restated.




                                                                                                                                           2020 Annual Report           21
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis

        3.1 Overview of the Bank’s Operating Results

     During the reporting period, in the face of the severe and complex economic and financial situations, especially the
     systemic pressure brought by Coronavirus Disease 2019 (“COVID-19” hereinafter), the Group resolutely implemented
     the decisions and plans of the country as well as regulatory requirements, and proactively prevented and resolved business
     risks, tapped into the potential of intra-Group collaboration, and pushed ahead with business transformation and efficiency
     improvement. Through these efforts, the Group made stable progress in all businesses, and achieved sound operating
     results.

     Operating income increased stably. During the reporting period, the Group realized RMB195.399 billion operating income,
     an increase of 4.00% over last year. Specifically, net interest income stood at RMB150.515 billion, up by 2.44% over last
     year, while net non-interest income stood at RMB44.884 billion, up by 9.59% over last year. Profit before provisioning
     recorded RMB140.846 billion, an increase of 5.27% over the previous year. To enhance risk resilience, the Group set aside
     more provisions, and realized RMB48.980 billion of net profit attributable to the shareholders of the Bank, up by 2.01%
     over last year.

     Asset quality was effectively controlled. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s balance of non-performing
     loans (NPLs) recorded RMB73.452 billion, an increase of RMB7.335 billion or 11.09% over the end of the previous year,
     corresponding to an NPL ratio of 1.64%, a decline of 0.01 percentage point from the end of the previous year. The ratio
     of loans overdue for 60 days and more to NPLs was 80.46%, a decrease of 3.90 percentage points from the end of the
     previous year. The Group’s allowance coverage ratio and the ratio of allowance for impairment of loans to total loans stood
     at 171.68% and 2.82%, a decrease of 3.57 percentage points and 0.08 percentage point over the end of the previous year,
     respectively.

     Business scale grew rationally. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group recorded total assets of RMB7,511.161
     billion, an increase of 11.27% over the end of the previous year; its total loans and advances to customers (excluding
     accrued interest) stood at RMB4,473.307 billion, a growth of 11.89% over the end of the previous year; and its total
     deposits from customers (excluding accrued interest) recorded RMB4,528.399 billion, marking a 12.12% increase from the
     end of last year.




22   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                    Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




   3.2 Analysis of the Financial Statements

3.2.1 Income Statement Analysis
During the reporting period, the Group realized RMB48.980 billion net profit attributable to the equity holders of the
Bank, up by 2.01% from last year. According to the Notice on Strictly Implementing the Accounting Standards for Business
Enterprises and Strengthening the 2020 Annual Report Related Work of Enterprises jointly issued by the MOF, the State-
owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council, the CBIRC and the CSRC, the Group
reclassified the installment income of credit card-based consumption from fee income to interest income as of 2020, and
financial indicators related to interest income and non-interest income during the comparable periods were restated. The
table below sets out the changes in the main items of the Group’s income statement during the reporting period after such
adjustment.

                                                                                                        Unit: RMB million
                                                                                               Increase/     Growth rate
 Item                                                             2020            2019        (decrease)            (%)
 Operating income
   – Net interest income                                       150,515         146,925              3,590           2.44
   – Net non-interest income                                    44,884          40,956              3,928           9.59
 Operating expenses                                            (54,255)        (54,168)               (87)          0.16
 Credit and other asset impairment losses                      (82,989)        (77,255)            (5,734)          7.42
 Profit before provisioning                                    140,846         133,800              7,046           5.27
 Profit before tax                                              57,857          56,545              1,312           2.32
 Income tax                                                     (8,325)         (7,551)              (774)         10.25
 Profit for the year                                            49,532          48,994                538           1.10
 Including: Net profit attributable to the equity
               holders of the Bank                              48,980          48,015               965            2.01


3.2.1.1 Operating Income
During the reporting period, the Group realized operating income of RMB195.399 billion, up by 4.00% over last year, of
which net interest income accounted for 77.0%, down by 1.2 percentage points from the previous year; net non-interest
income accounted for 23.0%, up by 1.2 percentage points over the prior year.

                                                                                                                  Unit: %
 Item                                                                                      2020                    2019
 Net interest income                                                                        77.0                    78.2
 Net non-interest income                                                                    23.0                    21.8
 Total                                                                                     100.0                   100.0




                                                                                                        2020 Annual Report   23
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     3.2.1.2 Net Interest Income
     During the reporting period, the Group realized RMB150.515 billion of net interest income, an increase of RMB3.590
     billion or 2.44% over the previous year. The increase of net interest income mainly came as the result of the growth in
     interest-earning assets.

     The table below sets out the average balances and average interest rates of the Group’s interest-earning assets and interest-
     bearing liabilities. Average balances of assets and liabilities are average daily balances.

                                                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB million
                                                                                       2020                                                         2019
                                                                                                              Average                                                Average
                                                                   Average                                  yield/cost               Average                       yield/cost
       Item                                                        balance               Interest            rate (%)                balance         Interest       rate (%)
       Interest-earning assets
       Loans and advances to customers                          4,215,316               223,915                    5.31           3,834,467          214,545            5.60
       Financial investments (1)                                1,631,325                59,860                    3.67           1,433,945           58,838            4.10
       Deposits with central banks                                401,593                 6,048                    1.51             383,828            5,949            1.55
       Deposits and placements with, and
          loans to banks and non-bank
          financial institutions                                  371,441                  7,401                   1.99             311,352            8,067            2.59
       Financial assets held under resale
          agreements                                                48,127                    782                  1.62               35,400               753          2.13
       Subtotal                                                 6,667,802               298,006                    4.47           5,998,992          288,152            4.80
       Interest-bearing liabilities
       Deposits from customers                                  4,325,470                 90,778                   2.10           3,856,859           80,272            2.08
       Deposits and placements from banks
          and non-bank financial institutions                   1,123,781                 26,586                   2.37           1,015,258           28,445            2.80
       Debt securities issued                                     691,116                 21,606                   3.13             583,813           22,207            3.80
       Borrowings from central banks                              178,473                  5,796                   3.25             243,402            8,118            3.34
       Financial assets sold under repurchase
          agreements                                              110,094                  2,239                   2.03               70,106           1,679            2.39
       Others                                                      11,164                    486                   4.35               11,213             506            4.51
       Subtotal                                                 6,440,098               147,491                    2.29           5,780,651          141,227            2.44
       Net interest income                                                              150,515                                                      146,925
       Net interest spread (2)                                                                                     2.18                                                 2.36
       Net interest margin (3)                                                                                     2.26                                                 2.45

     Notes: (1) Financial investments included financial investments measured at amortized cost and financial investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive
                  income.
              (2) Net interest spread = average yield of total interest-earning assets – average cost rate of total interest-bearing liabilities.
              (3) Net interest margin = net interest income/average balance of total interest-earning assets.




24   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                    Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




The table below sets out the changes in the Group’s net interest income resulting from changes in the scale and interest
rate factors.

                                                                                                         Unit: RMB million
                                                                                2020 compared with 2019
                                                                                              Interest
 Item                                                                  Scale factor        rate factor              Total
 Assets
 Loans and advances to customers                                           21,328             (11,958)             9,370
 Financial investments                                                      8,093              (7,071)             1,022
 Deposits with central banks                                                  275                (176)                99
 Deposits and placements with, and loans to banks and non-
   bank financial institutions                                              1,556              (2,222)              (666)
 Financial assets held under resale agreements                                271                (242)                29
 Changes in interest income                                                31,523             (21,669)             9,854
 Liabilities
 Deposits from customers                                                     9,747                759             10,506
 Deposits and placements from banks and non-bank financial
   institutions                                                             3,039              (4,898)             (1,859)
 Debt certificates issued                                                   4,078              (4,679)               (601)
 Borrowings from central banks                                             (2,169)               (153)             (2,322)
 Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                            956                (396)                560
 Others                                                                        (2)                (18)                (20)
 Changes in interest expense                                               15,649              (9,385)              6,264
 Changes in net interest income                                            15,874             (12,284)              3,590


Net Interest Margin and Net Interest Spread
During the reporting period, the Group’s net interest margin and net interest spread registered 2.26% and 2.18%
respectively, representing a decrease of 0.19 percentage point and 0.18 percentage point over the previous year. The
Group’s yield of total interest-earning assets was 4.47%, down by 0.33 percentage point over last year; the cost rate of
interest-bearing liabilities was 2.29%, down by 0.15 percentage point over last year.

3.2.1.3 Interest Income
During the reporting period, the Group realized an interest income of RMB298.006 billion, an increase of RMB9.854
billion or 3.42% over last year, mainly due to the growth in the size of interest-earning assets which offset the impact of
the decrease in the average yield of interest-earning assets. Interest income from loans and advances to customers was the
main component of interest income.

Interest Income from Loans and Advances to Customers
During the reporting period, the Group recorded RMB223.915 billion interest income from loans and advances to
customers, a growth of RMB9.370 billion or 4.37% over the previous year, primarily because the average balance of loans
and advances to customers increased by RMB380.849 billion which offset the impact of a decline of 0.29 percentage point
in the average yield. During the reporting period, the Group actively implemented the national policies and orientation and
increased its loan extension to COVID-19 control, inclusive finance, manufacturing and other key areas. As a result of its
active efforts in leaving profits for real economy, its loan yield was on a downward trend.




                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report   25
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Classification by Maturity Structure
                                                                                                                Unit: RMB million
                                                         2020                                           2019
                                            Average       Interest        Average         Average         Interest        Average
      Item                                  balance       income        yield (%)         balance         income        yield (%)
      Short-term loans                  1,449,742          79,609            5.49      1,280,379          75,316            5.88
      Medium to long-term loans         2,765,574         144,306            5.22      2,554,088         139,229            5.45
      Total                             4,215,316         223,915            5.31      3,834,467         214,545            5.60


     Classification by Business
                                                                                                                Unit: RMB million
                                                         2020                                           2019
                                            Average       Interest        Average         Average         Interest        Average
      Item                                  balance       income        yield (%)         balance         income        yield (%)
      Corporate loans                   2,089,909         101,063            4.84      1,945,350         101,050            5.19
      Personal loans                    1,771,929         113,092            6.38      1,624,870         104,401            6.43
      Discounted loans                    353,478           9,760            2.76        264,247           9,094            3.44
      Total                             4,215,316         223,915            5.31      3,834,467         214,545            5.60


     Interest Income from Financial Investments
     During the reporting period, the Group’s interest income from financial investments amounted to RMB59.860 billion, an
     increase of RMB1.022 billion or 1.74% over last year, mainly attributable to an increase of RMB197.380 billion in the
     average balance of financial investments which offset a fall of 0.43 percentage point in the average yield.

     Interest Income from Deposits with Central Banks
     During the reporting period, the Group’s interest income from deposits with central banks stood at RMB6.048 billion, an
     increase of RMB99 million or 1.66% over the previous year, mainly due to an increase of RMB17.765 billion in average
     scale, the continuous growth in interest income as while as a decrease of 0.04 percentage point in the average yield of
     deposits with Central Banks, a result from the cut of excess deposit reserve interest rate by central bank.

     Interest Income from Deposits and Placements with, and Loans to Banks and Non-bank Financial
     Institutions
     During the reporting period, the Group’s interest income from deposits and placements with, and loans to banks and non-
     bank financial institutions was RMB7.401 billion, a decrease of RMB666 million or 8.26% over the prior year, mainly
     due to a decrease of 0.60 percentage point in the average yield of deposits and placements with, and loans to banks and
     non-bank financial institutions as a result of downward interest rate trend, which offset the impact of an increase of
     RMB60.089 billion in the average balance.

     Interest Income from Financial Assets Held under Resale Agreements
     During the reporting period, the Group recorded RMB782 million interest income from financial assets held under resale
     agreements, an increase of RMB29 million or 3.85% over last year, mainly attributable to an increase of RMB12.727
     billion in the average balance of financial assets held under resale agreements which offset the impact of a decrease of 0.51
     percentage point in the average yield.




26   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                   Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




3.2.1.4 Interest expense
During the reporting period, the Group’s interest expense was RMB147.491 billion, an increase of RMB6.264 billion or
4.44% over the previous year. Interest expense increased primarily because of the growth in the size of interest-bearing
liabilities which offset the impact of a decrease of the cost rate of interest-bearing liabilities.

Interest Expense on Deposits from Customers
During the reporting period, the Group’s interest expense on deposits from customers was RMB90.778 billion, an increase
of RMB10.506 billion or 13.09% over last year, mainly due to RMB468.611 billion increase in the average balance of
customer deposits and the 0.02 percentage point increase in the average cost rate.

                                                                                                       Unit: RMB million
                                                  2020                                          2019
                                                                   Average                                       Average
                                    Average        Interest       cost rate       Average        Interest       cost rate
 Item                               balance        expense             (%)        balance        expense             (%)
 Corporate deposits
    Time and call deposits        1,723,742         50,003            2.90      1,494,220         45,357            3.04
    Demand deposits               1,713,746         20,159            1.18      1,565,110         16,637            1.06
 Subtotal                         3,437,488         70,162            2.04      3,059,330         61,994            2.03
 Personal deposits
    Time and call deposits          609,349         19,849            3.26        537,023         17,481            3.26
    Demand deposits                 278,633            767            0.28        260,506            797            0.31
 Subtotal                           887,982         20,616            2.32        797,529         18,278            2.29
 Total                            4,325,470         90,778            2.10      3,856,859         80,272            2.08


Interest Expense on Deposits and Placements from Banks and Non-Bank Financial Institutions
During the reporting period, the Group’s interest expense on deposits and placements from banks and non-bank financial
institutions amounted to RMB26.586 billion, a decrease of RMB1.859 billion or 6.54% over the prior year, mainly due to
a decrease of 0.43 percentage point in the average cost rate of deposits and placements from banks and non-bank financial
institutions as a result of the downward interest rate movement which offset the increase of RMB108.523 billion in the
average balance.

Interest Expense on Debt Certificates Issued
During the reporting period, the Group’s interest expense on debt certificates issued stood at RMB21.606 billion, a
decrease of RMB601 million or 2.71% over the previous year, primarily due to a fall of 0.67 percentage point in the
average cost rate of debt certificates issued, which offset the increase of RMB107.303 billion in the average balance.

Interest Expense on Borrowings from Central Banks
During the reporting period, the Group’s interest expense on borrowings from central banks reached RMB5.796 billion, a
decrease of RMB2.322 billion or 28.60% over last year, mainly due to a drop of RMB64.929 billion in the average balance
of borrowings from central banks.

Interest Expense on Financial Assets Sold under Repurchase Agreements
During the reporting period, the Group’s interest expense on financial assets sold under repurchase agreements was
RMB2.239 billion, an increase of RMB560 million or 33.35% over last year, primarily due to an increase of RMB39.988
billion in the average balance of financial assets sold under repurchase agreements, which offset the decrease of 0.36
percentage point in the average cost rate.




                                                                                                       2020 Annual Report   27
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Other Interest Expense
     During the reporting period, the Group’s other interest expense stood at RMB486 million, a decrease of RMB20 million
     compared with last year, primarily due to a decrease in the average cost rate of lease liabilities.

     3.2.1.5 Net Non-interest Income
     During the reporting period, the Group realized RMB44.884 billion of net non-interest income, an increase of RMB3.928
     billion or 9.59% over the previous year.

                                                                                                              Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                      Increase/        Growth
      Item                                                               2020            2019        (decrease)           (%)
      Net fee and commission income                                    28,836          26,730            2,106            7.88
      Net trading gain                                                  3,354           5,229           (1,875)         (35.86)
      Net gain from investment securities                              11,935           8,629            3,306           38.31
      Net hedging loss                                                     (1)             (2)               1          (50.00)
      Other net operating income                                          760             370              390          105.41
      Total                                                            44,884          40,956            3,928            9.59


     3.2.1.6 Net Fee and Commission Income
     During the reporting period, net fee and commission income of the Group reached RMB28.836 billion, an increase
     of RMB2.106 billion or 7.88% over last year, and accounted for 14.76% of the operating income, an increase of 0.53
     percentage point over last year. Among these, bank card fees decreased by RMB432 million or 2.85% over last year, mainly
     due to the decrease in credit card fees as a result of COVID-19; agency fees and commissions increased by RMB182
     million or 2.48% over last year, mainly due to the growth in fee income from agency sale of trust and fund; guarantee and
     consulting fees went down by RMB96 million or 1.96% over last year, mainly because of the decrease in guarantee and
     commitment fee income; commission for custodian and other fiduciary business went up by RMB1.615 billion or 42.11%
     over last year, as a result of the increase in wealth management business fees and fund custody business fees; guarantee and
     consulting fees.

                                                                                                              Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                      Increase/        Growth
      Item                                                               2020            2019        (decrease)           (%)
      Bank card fees                                                   14,714          15,146             (432)          (2.85)
      Agency fees and commissions                                       7,527           7,345              182            2.48
      Guarantee and consulting fees                                     4,802           4,898              (96)          (1.96)
      Commissions for custodian and other fiduciary business            5,450           3,835            1,615           42.11
      Settlement and clearing fees                                      1,172           1,322             (150)         (11.35)
      Other fees and commissions                                           92              84                8            9.52
      Subtotal of fees and commissions                                 33,757          32,630            1,127            3.45
      Fee and commission expense                                       (4,921)          (5,900)            979          (16.59)
      Net fee and commission income                                    28,836          26,730            2,106            7.88




28   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                      Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




3.2.1.7 Net Trading Gain and Net Gain from Investment Securities
During the reporting period, the Group’s net trading gain and net gain from investment securities registered a combined
amount of RMB15.289 billion, an increase of RMB1.431 billion over last year, mainly because the Group grasped market
opportunities and actively changed its investment strategies, leading to increase in profits from investments.

3.2.1.8 Operating Expenses
During the reporting period, the Group incurred RMB54.255 billion operating expenses, an increase of RMB87 million or
0.16% over last year. During the reporting period, the Group’s cost-to-income ratio (excluding tax and surcharges) stood at
26.73%, down by 1.11 percentage points over last year.

                                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                                   Increase/               Growth
 Item                                                                                      2020                   2019            (decrease)                  (%)
 Staff costs                                                                             29,679                29,636                      43                  0.15
 Property and equipment expenses and amortization                                         9,780                 9,238                     542                  5.87
 Other general operating and administrative expenses                                     12,772                13,440                    (668)                (4.97)
 Subtotal                                                                                52,231                52,314                      (83)               (0.16)
 Tax and surcharges                                                                        2,024                 1,854                    170                  9.17
 Total                                                                                   54,255                54,168                       87                 0.16
 Cost-to-income ratio                                                                   27.77%                28.83%         Down 1.06 percentage points
 Cost-to-income ratio (excluding tax and surcharges)                                    26.73%                27.84%         Down 1.11 percentage points


3.2.1.9 Credit and Other Asset Impairment Losses
During the reporting period, the Group’s accrued credit impairment losses and other asset impairment losses totaled
RMB82.989 billion, an increase of RMB5.734 billion or 7.42% over the previous year. Specifically, allowance for
impairment losses on loans and advanced to customers was RMB69.285 billion, representing an increase of RMB492
million or 0.72% over last year; impairment losses for financial investment was 8.493 billion, up by 4.226 billion or
99.04% over last year as the Group accrued impairment losses according to the risk of the wealth management assets
back to its balance sheet. Please refer to the section of “Loan Quality Analysis” in this chapter for analysis of the Group’s
allowance for impairment losses on loans and advances to customers.

                                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                         Increase/                         Growth
 Item                                                                             2020                  2019            (decrease)                            (%)
 Loans and advances to customers                                               69,285                 68,793                    492                           0.72
 Interest receivables                                                           3,305                  2,103                  1,202                          57.16
 Financial investments                                                          8,493                  4,267                  4,226                          99.04
 Interbank business (Note)                                                         18                     26                     (8)                        (30.77)
 Other receivables                                                                270                    390                   (120)                        (30.77)
 Off-balance-sheet items                                                        1,106                  1,100                      6                           0.55
 Repossessed assets                                                               512                    576                    (64)                        (11.11)
 Total                                                                         82,989                 77,255                  5,734                            7.42

Notes:   Including the impairment losses on deposits and placements with, and loans to banks and non-bank financial institutions, and financial assets held under resale
         agreements.




                                                                                                                                             2020 Annual Report            29
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     3.2.1.10 Income Tax Expense
     During the reporting period, the Group’s income tax expense was RMB8.325 billion, representing an increase of RMB774
     million or 10.25% over last year. Effective tax rate of the Group during the reporting period stood at 14.39%, up by 1.04
     percentage points over last year.

                                                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                                            Increase/                Growth
       Item                                                                                         2020                   2019            (decrease)                   (%)
       Profit before tax                                                                         57,857                 56,545                   1,312                  2.32
       Income tax expense                                                                         8,325                  7,551                     774                 10.25
       Effective tax rate                                                                       14.39%                 13.35%             Up 1.04 percentage points


     3.2.2 Balance Sheet Analysis
     3.2.2.1 Assets
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Group recorded total assets of RMB7,511.161 billion, an increase of 11.27%
     from the end of the previous year, mainly because the Group increased its loans and advances to customers and financial
     investments.

                                                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                 31 December 2020                              31 December 2019
       Item                                                                                      Balance Proportion (%)                        Balance Proportion (%)
       Total loans and advances to customers                                                  4,473,307                     59.6            3,997,987                     59.2
       Accrued interest of loans and advances to customers                                       12,592                      0.2               10,104                      0.2
       Less: Allowance for impairment losses on loans and advances
               to customers (1)                                                                (125,703)                    (1.7)            (115,489)                    (1.7)
             Net loans and advances to customers                                              4,360,196                     58.1            3,892,602                     57.7
       Total financial investments                                                            2,089,736                     27.8            1,863,351                     27.6
       Accrued interest of financial investments                                                 16,766                      0.2               17,021                      0.3
       Less: Allowance for impairment losses on financial
               investments (2)                                                                  (13,770)                    (0.2)              (6,776)                    (0.1)
             Net financial investments                                                        2,092,732                     27.8            1,873,596                     27.8
       Investment in associates and joint ventures                                                5,674                      0.1                3,672                      0.1
       Cash and deposits with central banks                                                     435,169                      5.8              463,158                      6.9
       Deposits and placements with, and loans to banks and
         non-bank financial institutions                                                         301,772                      4.0             325,844                      4.8
       Financial assets held under resale agreements                                             111,110                      1.5               9,954                      0.1
       Others (3)                                                                                204,508                      2.7             181,607                      2.6
       Total                                                                                  7,511,161                    100.0            6,750,433                   100.0

     Notes: (1) Including allowances for impairment losses on loans and advances to customers measured at amortized cost and allowances for impairment losses on accrued
                  interest of loans and advances to customers measured at amortized cost.
              (2) Including allowances for impairment losses on financial investments measured at amortized cost and impairment losses on accrued interest of financial
                  investments measured at amortized cost.
              (3) Including precious metals, derivative financial assets, investment properties, properties and equipment, intangible assets, goodwill, use right assets, deferred
                  income tax assets and other assets, etc.




30   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                            Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




Loans and Advances to Customers
As at the end of the reporting period, the Group recorded RMB4,473.307 billion total loans and advances to customers
(excluding accrued interest), up by 11.89% over the end of the previous year. Net loans and advances to customers
accounted for 58.1% of total assets, up by 0.4 percentage point over the end of the previous year. The Group’s balance of
loans and advances to customer measured at amortized cost took up 90.6% of total loans and advances to customers. The
table below sets out the classification of the Group’s loans and advances to customers by measurement attribute.

                                                                                                        Unit: RMB million
                                                                    31 December 2020             31 December 2019
 Item                                                                Balance Proportion (%)       Balance Proportion (%)
 Loans and advances to customer measured at amortized cost         4,054,780            90.6    3,682,283            92.1
 Loans and advances to customer measured at fair value
   through other comprehensive income                               411,403              9.2     308,789              7.7
 Loans and advances to customer measured at fair value
   through profit or loss                                             7,124              0.2       6,915              0.2
 Total loans and advances to customers                             4,473,307           100.0    3,997,987           100.0

Please refer to the section of “Loan Quality Analysis” in this chapter for analysis of the Group’s loans and advances to
customers.

Financial Investments
As at the end of the reporting period, the Group recorded RMB2,089.736 billion total financial investments (excluding
accrued interest), up by RMB226.385 billion or 12.15% over the end of the previous year, mainly because of the increase
in investments in bonds and funds.

Classification of the Group’s financial investments by product is set out in the table below.

                                                                                                        Unit: RMB million
                                                                    31 December 2020             31 December 2019
 Item                                                                Balance Proportion (%)       Balance Proportion (%)
 Investments in debt securities                                    1,436,715            68.8    1,234,308            66.2
 Investment funds                                                    286,800            13.7      218,491            11.7
 Trust management plans                                              190,517             9.1      160,265             8.6
 Directional asset management plan                                   104,336             5.0      186,217            10.0
 Certificates of deposit and interbank certificates of deposit        54,304             2.6       51,658             2.8
 Investment in equity instruments                                     12,665             0.6       11,460             0.6
 Investment in wealth management products and through
   structured entities                                                4,399              0.2         952              0.1
 Total financial investments                                       2,089,736           100.0    1,863,351           100.0




                                                                                                       2020 Annual Report   31
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Classification of the Group’s financial investments by measurement attribute is set out in the table below.

                                                                                                               Unit: RMB million
                                                                       31 December 2020                  31 December 2019
      Item                                                              Balance Proportion (%)           Balance Proportion (%)
      Financial investments measured at fair value through profit
        or loss                                                        405,632             19.4         317,546              17.0
      Financial investments measured at amortized cost                 962,990             46.1         921,109              49.4
      Financial investments measured at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                           717,554             34.3         621,660              33.4
      Financial investments designated to be measured at fair value
        through other comprehensive income                                3,560             0.2            3,036              0.2
      Total financial investments                                     2,089,736           100.0        1,863,351            100.0


     Investment in Debt Securities
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Group registered RMB1,436.715 billion investments in debt securities, an
     increase of RMB202.407 billion or 16.40% over the end of the previous year, primarily because the increased investments
     in government bonds, local government bonds and policy bank bonds.

     Classification of Debt Securities Investment by Issuers
                                                                                                               Unit: RMB million
                                                                       31 December 2020                  31 December 2019
      Item                                                              Balance Proportion (%)           Balance Proportion (%)
      Banks and non-bank financial institutions                        373,933             26.0         345,664              28.0
      Government                                                       840,445             58.5         674,782              54.7
      Policy banks                                                     118,201              8.2          97,561               7.9
      Business entities                                                102,142              7.1         115,961               9.4
      Public entities                                                    1,994              0.2             340                 –
      Total                                                           1,436,715           100.0        1,234,308            100.0




32   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                      Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




Breakdown of Significant Investments in Financial Debt Securities
The table below sets out the breakdown of top ten investments in financial debt securities held by the Group as at 31
December 2020.

                                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                                                          Accrued
                                                                                             Maturity date                      Coupon                impairment
 Name of debt securities                                              Book value             (DD/MM/YY)                         rate (%)                allowance
 2014 Commercial Bank Debt Securities                                          3,800             20/08/2029                        5.98%                           –
 2018 Commercial Bank Debt Securities                                          3,500             20/12/2021                        3.79%                        0.54
 2020 Commercial Bank Debt Securities                                          3,000             01/05/2023                        2.08%                        0.47
 2020 Commercial Bank Debt Securities                                          2,840             07/08/2023                        3.18%                        0.44
 2020 Financial Institution Debt Securities                                    2,500             17/03/2025                        2.75%                        0.86
 2019 Policy Bank Debt Securities                                              2,004             17/05/2022                        3.18%                           –
 2020 Commercial Bank Debt Securities                                          2,000             26/05/2023                        2.30%                        0.31
 2019 Commercial Bank Debt Securities                                          2,000             11/07/2022                        3.45%                        0.31
 2019 Financial Institution Debt Securities                                    2,000             05/11/2024                        3.25%                        0.31
 2020 Financial Institution Debt Securities                                    2,000             13/03/2025                        2.80%                        0.69
 Total                                                                       25,644                                                                             3.93

Note:    There was no material change in the financial position of the above securities’ issuers during the reporting period, and the allowance for impairment losses was
         accrued according to expected loss model as required by the accounting standards on financial instruments.



Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures
As at the end of the reporting period, the Group recorded RMB5.674 billion investments in associates and joint ventures,
an increase of 54.52% over the end of the previous year due to the capital increase in CITIC aiBank. As at the end of the
reporting period, the Group’s balance of allowance for impairment losses on investment in associates and joint ventures was
zero. For relevant details, please refer to Note 24 “Investment in Associates and Joint Ventures” to the financial report.

                                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                             As at                         As at
                                                                                                                      31 December                   31 December
 Item                                                                                                                        2020                          2019
 Investments in joint ventures                                                                                                5,044                            2,914
 Investments in associates                                                                                                      630                              758
 Allowance for impairment losses                                                                                                  –                                –
 Net investments in associates and joint ventures                                                                             5,674                            3,672




                                                                                                                                              2020 Annual Report            33
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Derivatives
     The table below sets out major categories and amount of derivatives held by the Group as at the end of the reporting
     period. For relevant details, please refer to Note 20 “Derivative Financial Assets/Liabilities” to the financial report.

                                                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB million
                                                                 31 December 2020                                               31 December 2019
                                                     Nominal                    Fair value                          Nominal                    Fair value
       Item                                          principal                Assets      Liabilities               principal                Assets       Liabilities
       Interest rate derivatives                    3,058,057                 9,395               9,138            2,886,296                5,203                5,176
       Currency derivatives                         1,977,918                30,363              30,588            1,513,070               11,700               10,928
       Other derivatives                               19,245                   306                  83               12,715                  214                  732
       Total                                        5,055,220                40,064              39,809            4,412,081               17,117               16,836


     Repossessed Assets
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Group recorded repossessed assets of RMB2.690 billion, and charged RMB1.323
     billion allowances for impairment losses on repossessed assets. The book value stood at RMB1.367 billion.

                                                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                       31 December                    31 December
       Item                                                                                                                   2020                           2019
       Original value of repossessed assets                                                                                      2,690                           3,494
         – Land, premises and buildings                                                                                          2,688                           3,491
         – Others                                                                                                                    2                               3
       Allowances for impairment losses on repossessed assets                                                                   (1,323)                         (1,168)
         – Land, premises and buildings                                                                                         (1,323)                         (1,168)
       Total book value of repossessed assets                                                                                    1,367                           2,326


     Changes in Impairment Allowances
                                                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB million
                                                                                Accruals/    Write-offs/
                                                                                 reversals  transfer out
                                                               31 December     during the     during the                                              31 December
       Item                                                           2019 current period current period                              Others (1)             2020
       Loans and advances to customers (2)                            115,870                 69,285              (69,129)               10,074              126,100
       Financial investments (3)                                        8,389                  8,493                 (453)                  (41)              16,388
       Interbank business (4)                                             270                     18                    –                    (5)                 283
       Other assets (5)                                                 4,048                  3,575               (3,450)                  807                4,980
       Off-balance-sheet items                                          5,646                  1,106                    –                   (27)               6,725
       Subtotal of allowances for credit
         impairment                                                   134,223                 82,477              (73,032)               10,808              154,476
       Repossessed assets                                               1,168                    512                 (361)                    4                1,323
       Subtotal of allowances for other
         asset impairments                                                1,168                   512                  (361)                     4               1,323
       Total                                                          135,391                 82,989              (73,393)               10,812              155,799

     Notes: (1) Including recovery of write-offs and impacts of exchange rate changes.
            (2) Including allowances for impairment losses on loans and advances to customers measured at amortized cost, and allowances for impairment losses on loans
                and advances to customers measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.
            (3) Including allowances for impairment losses on financial investments measured at amortized cost and impairment losses on financial investments measured at
                fair value through other comprehensive income.
            (4) Including allowance for impairment losses of deposits and placements with, and loans to banks and non-bank financial institutions and financial assets held
                under resale agreements.
            (5) Including allowance for impairment losses on other receivables and accrued interest of all financial assets.



34   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                              Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




3.2.2.2 Liabilities
As at the end of the reporting period, the Group recorded total liabilities of RMB6,951.123 billion, up by 11.79% from
the end of the previous year, primarily due to the increase in deposits from customers, deposits and placements from banks
and non-bank financial institutions and debt certificates issued.

                                                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB million
                                                                                   31 December 2020                                   31 December 2019
 Item                                                                              Balance          Proportion (%)                     Balance         Proportion (%)
 Borrowings from central banks                                                   224,391                        3.2                  240,298                            3.9
 Deposits from customers                                                       4,572,286                       65.8                4,073,258                           65.5
 Deposits and placements from banks
   and non-bank financial institutions                                         1,221,397                       17.6                1,043,661                           16.8
 Financial assets sold under
   repurchase agreements                                                            75,271                      1.1                   111,838                           1.8
 Debt certificates issued                                                          732,958                     10.5                   650,274                          10.4
 Others (Note)                                                                     124,820                      1.8                    98,580                           1.6
 Total                                                                         6,951,123                     100.0                 6,217,909                         100.0

Notes:   Including financial liabilities measured at fair value through profits and losses, derivative financial liabilities, staff remunerations payable, tax and fee payables,
         estimated liabilities, lease liabilities, deferred income tax liabilities and other liabilities.



Deposits from Customers
As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s total deposits from customers (excluding accrued interest) were
RMB4,528.399 billion, representing an increase of RMB489.579 billion or 12.12% over the end of the previous year;
and deposits from customers accounted for 65.8% of total liabilities, an increase of 0.3 percentage point from the end
of the previous year. The Group’s balance of corporate deposits was RMB3,590.112 billion, representing an increase of
RMB429.462 billion or 13.59% over the end of the previous year; and balance of personal deposits stood at RMB938.287
billion, representing an increase of RMB60.117 billion or 6.85% over the end of the previous year.

                                                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB million
                                                                                   31 December 2020                                   31 December 2019
 Item                                                                              Balance          Proportion (%)                     Balance         Proportion (%)
 Corporate deposits
 Demand deposits                                                               1,915,266                       41.9                1,674,923                           41.1
 Time and call deposits                                                        1,674,846                       36.6                1,485,727                           36.5
 Subtotal                                                                      3,590,112                       78.5                3,160,650                           77.6
 Personal deposits
 Demand deposits                                                                   327,110                      7.1                   275,526                           6.8
 Time and call deposits                                                            611,177                     13.4                   602,644                          14.8
 Subtotal                                                                          938,287                     20.5                   878,170                          21.6
 Total deposits from customers                                                 4,528,399                       99.0                4,038,820                           99.2
 Accrued interest                                                                 43,887                        1.0                   34,438                            0.8
 Total                                                                         4,572,286                     100.0                 4,073,258                         100.0




                                                                                                                                                    2020 Annual Report             35
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Breakdown of Deposits from Customers by Currency
                                                                                                                            Unit: RMB million
                                                                   31 December 2020                             31 December 2019
      Item                                                          Balance     Proportion (%)                  Balance       Proportion (%)
      Renminbi                                                    4,140,522                    90.6          3,700,005                  90.8
      Foreign currencies                                            431,764                     9.4            373,253                   9.2
      Total deposits from customers                               4,572,286                   100.0          4,073,258                100.0


     Breakdown of Deposits by Geographical Region
                                                                                                                            Unit: RMB million
                                                                   31 December 2020                             31 December 2019
      Item                                                          Balance     Proportion (%)                  Balance       Proportion (%)
      Head Office                                                     2,964                     0.1             13,540                   0.3
      Bohai Rim                                                   1,173,136                    25.7          1,012,398                  24.9
      Yangtze River Delta                                         1,235,959                    27.0          1,064,584                  26.1
      Pearl River Delta and West Strait                             761,122                    16.6            709,706                  17.4
      Central China                                                 577,262                    12.6            534,637                  13.1
      Western China                                                 460,123                    10.1            405,283                  10.0
      Northeastern China                                             98,981                     2.2             85,017                   2.1
      Overseas                                                      262,739                     5.7            248,093                   6.1
      Total                                                       4,572,286                   100.0          4,073,258                100.0


     3.2.3 Shareholders’ Equity
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s shareholders’ equity was RMB560.038 billion, an increase of 5.17%
     over the end of the previous year. The table below sets out the changes in shareholders’ equity in the Group during the
     reporting period.

                                                                                                                            Unit: RMB million
                                                                                          2020
                                                                                                  Surplus
                                                                                    Other     reserve and                     Non-
                                             Share Other equity       Capital comprehensive       general    Retained   controlling
      Item                                  capital instrument        reserve      income          reserve   earnings      interest     Total
      31 December 2019                      48,935      78,083        58,977         7,361       120,544     203,411        15,213    532,524
      i. Profit for the period                                                                                48,980           552     49,532
      ii. Other comprehensive income                                                (7,252)                                     88     (7,164)
      iii. Capital contributed or reduced
             by shareholders                                             239                                                              239
      iv. Profit allocation                                                                       14,061     (28,766)         (388)   (15,093)

      31 December 2020                      48,935      78,083        59,216           109       134,605     223,625        15,465    560,038




36   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                          Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




3.2.4 Loan Quality Analysis
During the reporting period, the Group’s NPLs climbed in certain period due to the impact of the pandemic, but the
overall loan quality was controllable and the allowance coverage ratio stayed sound. As at the end of the reporting period,
the Group registered RMB4,473.307 billion total loans, up by RMB475.320 billion over the end of the previous year;
an NPL ratio of 1.64%, down by 0.01 percentage point over the end of the previous year; an allowance coverage ratio of
171.68%, down by 3.57 percentage points from the end of the previous year; and a ratio of allowance for loan impairment
losses to total loans of 2.82%, down by 0.08 percentage point from the end of the previous year.

Concentration of Loans by Product
As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s balance of corporate loans (excluding discounted bills) recorded
RMB2,170.400 billion, an increase of RMB214.881 billion or 10.99% over the end of the previous year; and its balance of
personal loans reached RMB1,891.900 billion, an increase of RMB161.086 billion or 9.31% over the end of the previous
year. The balance of discounted bills increased by RMB99.353 billion or 31.88% over the end of last year to RMB411.007
billion. The Group’s balances of corporate non-performing loans (excluding discounted bills) and personal non-performing
loans increased by RMB1.634 billion and RMB5.701 billion over the end of the previous year, respectively, corresponding
to a 0.18 percentage point decline and a 0.22 percentage point increase in their respective NPL ratios over the end of the
previous year.

                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB million
                                                31 December 2020                                     31 December 2019
                                             Proportion          NPL    NPL ratio                 Proportion        NPL       NPL ratio
                                   Balance         (%)        balance        (%)        Balance         (%)       balance          (%)
 Corporate loans                 2,170,400       48.52        52,557         2.42     1,955,519       48.91        50,923          2.60
 Personal loans                  1,891,900       42.29        20,895         1.10     1,730,814       43.29        15,194          0.88
 Discounted bills                  411,007        9.19          0.00         0.00       311,654        7.80          0.00          0.00
 Total loans                     4,473,307      100.00        73,452         1.64     3,997,987      100.00        66,117          1.65


Breakdown of Loans by Type of Guarantee
During the reporting period, the Group’s loan guarantee structure remained stable. As at the end of the reporting
period, the balance of the Group’s loans secured by collateral and pledge loans was RMB2,431.181 billion, an increase of
RMB210.440 billion over the end of the previous year, accounting for 54.34% of the Group’s total loans, down by 1.20
percentage points from the end of the previous year; the balance of unsecured and guaranteed loans was RMB1,631.119
billion, an increase of RMB165.527 billion over the end of the previous year, accounting for 36.47% of the Group’s total
loans, down by 0.19 percentage point from the end of the previous year.

                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB million
                                                             31 December 2020                           31 December 2019
 Type of Guarantee                                           Balance     Proportion (%)                 Balance         Proportion (%)
 Unsecured loans                                           1,118,670                 25.01             976,047                  24.41
 Guaranteed loans                                            512,449                 11.46             489,545                  12.25
 Loans secured by collateral                               1,979,989                 44.25           1,822,815                  45.59
 Pledge loans                                                451,192                 10.09             397,926                   9.95
 Subtotal                                                  4,062,300                 90.81           3,686,333                  92.20
 Discounted bills                                           411,007                   9.19             311,654                    7.80
 Total loans                                               4,473,307                100.00           3,997,987                 100.00




                                                                                                                  2020 Annual Report      37
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Concentration of Loans by Geographic Region
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s total loans stood at RMB4,473.307 billion, an increase of RMB475.320
     billion or 11.89% over the prior year-end. Specifically, the balances of loans to the Bohai Rim, the Yangtze River Delta
     and the Pearl River Delta and West Strait ranked the top three, recording RMB1,269.385 billion, RMB1,089.758 billion
     and RMB681.024 billion, and accounting for 28.38%, 24.37% and 15.22% of the Group’s total, respectively. In terms of
     growth rate, the Yangtze River Delta and the Western region recorded the highest growth, reaching 18.34% and 14.94%,
     respectively. The Group’s NPLs were mainly concentrated in the Bohai Rim, the Yangtze River Delta and the Western
     region, with the combined NPL balance reaching RMB52.653 billion, accounting for 71.68% of the total. In terms of
     incremental NPLs, the Bohai Rim registered the largest amount of RMB9.882 billion and its NPL ratio rose by 0.71
     percentage point; followed by the Yangtze River Delta, which recorded RMB2.380 billion incremental NPLs and a 0.09
     percentage point rise in its NPL ratio.

     Main reasons for the change in the regional distribution of NPLs are as follows: First, the Bohai Rim, the Yangtze River
     Delta and other regions were greatly affected by the macroeconomic slowdown, inadequate market demand, continuous
     strengthening of resource and environmental constraints etc. Coupled with the pandemic, some enterprises in these regions
     suffered from declined profitability and loan default. Second, due to the risk exposures of certain large customers in the
     Bohai Rim and the Yangtze River Delta, non-performing loans increased significantly.

                                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB million
                                                                   31 December 2020                                  31 December 2019
                                                                Proportion         NPL    NPL ratio               Proportion        NPL     NPL ratio
                                                      Balance         (%)       balance        (%)      Balance         (%)       balance        (%)
      Bohai Rim                                     1,269,385       28.38       33,283         2.62   1,224,035       30.61        23,401        1.91
      Yangtze River Delta                           1,089,758       24.37       10,091         0.93     920,846       23.03         7,711        0.84
      Pearl River Delta and West Strait               681,024       15.22        6,264         0.92     598,313       14.97        12,499        2.09
      Western China                                   544,949       12.18        9,279         1.70     474,109       11.86         9,206        1.94
      Central China                                   612,438       13.69        9,031         1.47     534,366       13.37         7,192        1.35
      Northeastern China                               89,167        1.99        2,520         2.83      77,694        1.94         4,125        5.31
      Overseas                                        186,586        4.17        2,984         1.60     168,624        4.22         1,983        1.18
      Total loans                                   4,473,307      100.00       73,452         1.64   3,997,987      100.00        66,117        1.65

     Note:   Bohai Rim includes the headquarters.



     Concentration of Corporate Loans by Sector
     As at the end of the reporting period, rental and business services, and water, environment and public utilities management
     were the top two sector borrowers of the Group’s outstanding corporate loans. Their loan balances recorded RMB413.523
     billion and RMB339.006 billion, respectively, altogether accounting for 34.67% of the Group’s total corporate loans, up
     by 2.88 percentage points from the end of the previous year. The balance of loans granted to the real estate sector posted
     RMB287.608 billion, accounting for 13.25% and down by 1.53 percentage points from the end of the previous year; loans
     granted to the manufacturing sector stood at RMB326.803 billion, accounting for 15.06% and up by 1.88 percentage
     points from the end of the previous year. In terms of growth rate, loans to the four sectors, namely, production and supply
     of electric power, gas and water, manufacturing, water, environment and public utilities management, and rental and
     business services grew relatively faster, up by 29.89%, 26.83%, 26.05% and 17.23% over the end of the previous year
     respectively, all higher than the average growth rate of corporate loans.

     As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s NPLs were mainly concentrated in two sectors, i.e., wholesale and retail
     sector and manufacturing sector, with their NPL balances collectively taking up 42.42% of the total corporate NPLs,
     but the asset quality continued to improve. The balance of NPLs in the two sectors decreased by RMB627 million and
     RMB4.625 billion over the end of the previous year, respectively, corresponding to a 0.92 percentage point decline and a 2.71
     percentage points decline in their respective NPL ratios compared with the end of the previous year.




38   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                             Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s balances of NPLs in the sectors of real estate, construction, and
transportation, storage and postal service increased by RMB6.207 billion, RMB3.368 billion and RMB81 million over
the previous year-end, and the NPL ratios went up by 2.16 percentage points, 3.24 percentage points and 0.18 percentage
point respectively. The balance of NPLs in the sector of rental and business service decreased by RMB1.730 billion from
the prior year-end, and the NPL ratio declined by 0.58 percentage point.

Main reasons for the rise of NPL ratio in the sectors of real estate, construction, and transportation, storage and postal
service are as follows: First, due to the impact of real estate control policies, real estate and construction enterprises suffered
from tight capital chain and increased risk exposures. Second, affected by the pandemic, transportation, storage and postal
service was seriously affected.

                                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB million
                                                                    31 December 2020                                              31 December 2019
                                                             Proportion             NPL       NPL ratio                        Proportion         NPL     NPL ratio
                                                Balance            (%)           balance           (%)            Balance            (%)        balance        (%)
  Manufacturing                                 326,803              15.06        11,062             3.38         257,675          13.18        15,687         6.09
  Real estate                                   287,608              13.25         9,633             3.35         288,975          14.78         3,426         1.19
  Wholesale and retail                          156,957               7.23        11,234             7.16         146,883           7.51        11,861         8.08
  Transportation, storage and
     postal service                             134,379               6.19         1,448             1.08         152,127           7.78         1,367         0.90
  Water, environment and public
     utilities management                       339,006              15.62           874             0.26         268,942          13.75           799         0.30
  Construction                                   99,894               4.60         5,830             5.84          94,701           4.84         2,462         2.60
  Rental and business service                   413,523              19.05         2,214             0.54         352,732          18.04         3,944         1.12
  Production and supply of electric
     power, gas and water                        86,006               3.96           658             0.77          66,215           3.39           945         1.43
  Public and social organizations                10,701               0.49           248             2.32          12,743           0.65             5         0.04
  Others                                        315,523              14.55         9,356             2.97         314,526          16.08        10,427         3.32
  Total corporate loans                       2,170,400             100.00        52,557             2.42      1,955,519          100.00        50,923         2.60


Concentration of Borrowers of Corporate Loans
The Group focused on concentration risk control over its corporate loan borrowers. During the reporting period, the
Group complied with the applicable regulatory requirements on concentration of borrowers. Since a single borrower was
defined by the Group as a specific legal entity, one borrower could be the related party of another borrower.

  Major regulatory indicator                                         Regulatory Standard      31 December 2020              31 December 2019      31 December 2018
  Percentage of loans to the largest single customer (%)      (1)
                                                                                     ≤10                       4.31                      2.27                 2.44
  Percentage of loans to the top 10 customers (%)(2)                                 ≤50                      15.74                     13.12                14.49

Notes: (1) Percentage of loans to the largest single customer = balance of loans to the largest single customer/net capital.
        (2) Percentage of loans to the top 10 customers = balance of loans to the top 10 customers/net capital.




                                                                                                                                                2020 Annual Report    39
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                        31 December 2020
                                                                                                                                  Percentage            Percentage in
                                                                                                                                     in total       regulatory capital
                    Sector                                                                                 Balance                 loans (%)                      (%)
      Borrower A Finance                                                                                    30,212                       0.68                        4.31
      Borrower B Rental and business services                                                               13,543                       0.30                        1.93
      Borrower C Transportation, storage and postal services                                                 9,668                       0.22                        1.38
      Borrower D Public management, social security and social organizations                                 9,484                       0.21                        1.35
      Borrower E Real estate                                                                                 8,804                       0.20                        1.25
      Borrower F Real estate                                                                                 8,656                       0.19                        1.23
      Borrower G Real estate                                                                                 8,500                       0.19                        1.21
      Borrower H Real estate                                                                                 8,000                       0.18                        1.14
      Borrower I Real estate                                                                                 6,819                       0.15                        0.97
      Borrower J Real estate                                                                                 6,800                       0.15                        0.97
      Total loans                                                                                         110,486                        2.47                      15.74

     As at the end of the reporting period, the total balance of corporate loans from the Group to the top 10 customers
     amounted to RMB110.486 billion, taking up 2.47% of its total loans and 15.74% of its net capital.

     Loan Risk Classification
     The Group measures and manages the quality of its credit assets pursuant to the Guidelines on the Classification of Loan
     Risks formulated by the former CBRC. The guidelines requires Chinese commercial banks to classify their credit assets into
     five tiers, namely, pass, special mention, substandard, doubtful and loss, of which the last three classes are regarded as non-
     performing loans.

     During the reporting period, the Bank continued to reinforce the centralized management of loan risk classification and
     kept enhancing the system for classified management of credit asset risks. While adhering to the core criteria of “safety
     of loan recovery”, the Bank handled different tiers of loans with different risk management measures, taking into full
     consideration various factors that may impact the quality of credit assets.

     The Bank’s process for classification of loan risks includes the following steps: operating institutions conduct post-lending
     inspections in the first place, after which business management departments of branches provide preliminary opinions,
     followed by preliminary classification by credit management departments of the branches; thereafter the branch risk
     directors review and approve the preliminary classification; and the Head Office gives the final approval. With regard to
     loans with material changes in risk profiles, the Bank adjusts their classification in a dynamic manner.

                                                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB million
                                                                                31 December 2020                                      31 December 2019
                                                                                Balance          Proportion (%)                       Balance          Proportion (%)
      Performing loans                                                        4,399,855                      98.36                 3,931,870                        98.35
      Pass                                                                    4,309,842                      96.35                 3,843,061                        96.13
      Special mention                                                            90,013                       2.01                    88,809                         2.22
      Non-performing loans                                                       73,452                       1.64                    66,117                         1.65
      Substandard                                                                43,704                       0.98                    31,132                         0.78
      Doubtful                                                                   26,206                       0.58                    30,080                         0.75
      Loss                                                                        3,542                       0.08                     4,905                         0.12
      Total loans                                                             4,473,307                     100.00                 3,997,987                       100.00

     Note:   Performing loans include pass loans and special mention loans, while non-performing loans include substandard loans, doubtful loans and loss loans.




40   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                       Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s balance of pass loans increased by RMB466.781 billion over the end of
the previous year, and accounted for 96.35% of its total loans, representing an increase of 0.22 percentage point over the
end of the previous year; and the balance of special mention loans increased by RMB1.204 billion, accounting for 2.01%
of its total loans, down by 0.21 percentage point over the end of the previous year. The balance of the Group’s NPLs
recognized in accordance with the regulatory risk classification criteria stood at RMB73.452 billion, representing an increase
of RMB7.335 billion over the end of the previous year; and its NPL ratio recorded 1.64%, down by 0.01 percentage point
over the end of the previous year.

During the reporting period, the Group’s NPL balance went up while NPL ratio went down. During the reporting period,
the macroeconomic situation at home and abroad was still severe, and some corporate customers suffered from operation
stagnation, with repayment capacity weakened and even fund chain broken due to COVID-19. In addition, the Group
fully exposed the risks by downgrading some loans overdue for more than 60 days to NPLs and downgrading large-value
loan to risky customers to NPLs. As a result, its NPL balance increased. However, at the beginning of 2020, the Group
had already made sufficient anticipation and preparation in response to the changing trends of loan quality. Through its
pertinent measures for risk prevention and resolution and intensified efforts in NPL disposal, the changes in NPLs were
within the Group’s expectation and under its control, and NPL ratio decreased.

Migration of Loans
The table below sets out the migration of the Bank’s loans across the five tiers during the reporting period.

                                                                             31 December 2020                31 December 2019              31 December 2018
Migration ratio of pass loans (%)                                                                  3.52                       1.80                          2.53
Migration ratio of special mention loans (%)                                                      48.12                      23.03                         48.27
Migration ratio of substandard loans (%)                                                          76.82                      23.97                         73.53
Migration ratio of doubtful loans (%)                                                             70.34                       8.77                         41.91
Ratio of migration from performing loans to NPLs (%)                                               2.56                        1.83                         1.63

As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank’s ratio of loan migration from performing loans to NPLs was 2.56%, an
increase of 0.73 percentage point over the end of the previous year. The reason behind this change is that the Bank fully
exposed risks and proactively downgraded some of the loans overdue for 60 days or more and loans of potential risky
clients to NPLs.

Loans Overdue
                                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB million
                                                                             31 December 2020                                    31 December 2019
                                                                              Balance         Proportion (%)                     Balance           Proportion (%)
  Loans repayable on demand                                                4,382,347                      97.97             3,893,978                     97.40
  Loans overdue(1)
    1-90 days                                                                 38,285                        0.86                 53,866                     1.35
    91-180 days                                                              12,693                        0.28                 13,976                      0.35
    181 days or more                                                          39,982                        0.89                36,167                      0.90
  Subtotal                                                                    90,960                        2.03                104,009                     2.60
  Total loans                                                              4,473,307                      100.00              3,997,987                   100.00
  Loans overdue for 91 days or more                                           52,675                        1.17                  50,143                    1.25
  Restructured loans(2)                                                       22,030                        0.49                  22,792                    0.57

Notes: (1) Loans overdue refer to loans with principal or interest overdue for one day or more.
        (2) Restructured loans refer to loans overdue or downgraded but the conditions of which (e.g. amount and term) have been rearranged.




                                                                                                                                               2020 Annual Report   41
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     During the reporting period, the Group’s overdue loans slightly decreased due to intensified efforts in risk control and
     resolution. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s balance of overdue loans recorded RMB90.960 billion, a
     decrease of RMB13.049 billion over the end of the previous year, and the proportion of overdue loans in total loans went
     down by 0.57 percentage point over the end of the previous year. Of these overdue loans, 0.86% were short-term and/or
     temporary loans with a maturity of less than 3 months. The proportion of loans overdue for 91 days and more was 1.17%,
     a decrease of 0.08 percentage point from the end of last year.

     The Group managed and controlled loan restructuring in a stringent and prudent manner. As at the end of the reporting
     period, the Group’s restructured loans stood at RMB22.030 billion loans, a decrease of RMB762 million in amount and a
     decrease of 0.08 percentage point in proportion from the end of the previous year.

     Analysis of Allowance for Loan Impairment
     The Group set aside adequate allowance for loan impairment losses based on expected loss model as required by the new
     accounting standards on financial instruments in the light of customer default rate, default loss rate and many other
     quantitative parameters as well as macro perspective adjustments.

                                                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB million
                                                                                              As at                           As at                           As at
                                                                                  31 December 2020                31 December 2019                31 December 2018
       Impact of beginning conversions based on new
         accounting standards                                                          Not Applicable                  Not Applicable                         7,002
       Beginning balance                                                                     115,870                        101,154                          97,905
       Accruals during the period (1)                                                         69,285                          68,793                         47,753
       Write-offs and transfer-out                                                           (69,129)                        (60,686)                       (46,938)
       Recovery of loans and advances written off
         in previous years                                                                        10,020                          5,042                      2,441
       Others (2)                                                                                     54                          1,567                         (7)
       Ending balance                                                                           126,100                        115,870                     101,154

     Notes: (1) Equal to the net loan impairment losses recognized as accruals for the Group in the consolidated income statement of the Group.
             (2) Including foreign exchange rate changes and others.


     As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s balance of allowance for loan impairment losses registered RMB126.100
     billion, up by RMB10.230 billion over the end of the previous year. The Group’s ratio of balance of allowance for loan
     impairment losses to NPL balance (i.e., allowance coverage ratio) and ratio of balance of allowance for loan impairment
     losses to total loans (i.e., allowance for loan impairment losses to total loans) stood at 171.68% and 2.82%, down by 3.57
     percentage points and 0.08 percentage point over the end of the previous year, respectively.

     During the reporting period, the Group accrued RMB69.285 billion as allowance for loan impairment losses, an increase of
     RMB492 million year on year. The reasons underlying the change in allowance accruals were: The Bank adopted a stricter
     standard for NPL identification, and downgraded some loans overdue for 60 days or more to NPLs; it also stepped up
     efforts in its non-performing assets disposal and write-off, increasing its accruals for allowance for loan impairment losses.




42   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                   Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




3.2.5 Major Off-Balance Sheet Items
As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank’s major off-balance sheet items included credit commitments, capital
commitments and pledged assets. The detailed items and balances are set out in the table below.

                                                                                                      Unit: RMB million
 Item                                                                        31 December 2020       31 December 2019
 Credit commitments
   – Bank acceptance bills                                                              559,073                426,226
   – Letters of guarantee                                                               119,741                147,154
   – Letters of credit                                                                  125,197                103,981
   – Irrevocable loan commitments                                                        49,632                 52,211
   – Credit card commitments                                                            623,478                545,503
 Subtotal                                                                             1,477,121              1,275,075
 Capital commitments                                                                      1,547                  3,457
 Pledged assets                                                                         399,902                444,387
 Total                                                                                1,878,570              1,722,919


3.2.6 Cash Flow Statement Analysis
Net Cash Inflows from Operating Activities
The Group’s net cash inflows from operating activities registered RMB156.863 billion, an increase of RMB39.894 billion
over last year, primarily because the cash inflows due to the increase in deposits from customers and growth in interbank
transactions offset the cash outflows due to the increase in loans and advances to customers and decrease in borrowings
from central banks, and gave rise to net cash inflows higher than the previous year.

Net Cash Outflows Used in Investing Activities
The Group’s net cash outflows used in investing activities recorded RMB218.249 billion, a decrease of RMB34.815 billion
from last year, mainly because proceeds from redemption of investments increased over last year.




                                                                                                      2020 Annual Report    43
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Net Cash Inflows Generated from Financing Activities
     The Group’s net cash inflows generated from financing activities registered RMB45.972 billion, a decrease of RMB54.607
     billion over last year, primarily because the Bank issued undated capital bonds last year and no such bonds were issued in
     the reporting period.

                                                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB million
                                                                                              Year-on-year
      Item                                                                       2020         increase (%)     Main reason
      Net Cash Inflows from Operating Activities                             156,863                   34.1
      Including: Cash inflows due to increase in deposits                    504,563                   20.8    Increase in various deposits
                   from customers
                 Net cash inflows due to increase in                           71,487                  42.0    Increase in interbank transactions
                   interbank business (Note)
                 Cash outflows due to increase in loans and                  (551,929)                 25.4    Increase in various loans
                   advances to customers
                 Cash outflows due to decrease in borrowings                  (13,808)                (69.2)   Repayment of borrowings from central banks decreased
                   from central banks
      Net Cash Outflows Used in Investing Activities                         (218,249)                (13.8)
      Including: Proceeds from redemption of investments                    2,570,954                  32.5    Increase in sale and redemption of financial investments
                 Payments on acquisition of investments                    (2,783,341)                 27.1    Increase in financial investments
      Net Cash Inflows Generated from Financing Activities                     45,972                 (54.3)
      Including: Proceeds from issuance of debt certificates                  807,022                  37.7    Increase in issuance of interbank deposit certificates
                 Proceeds of issuance of other equity instruments                   –                (100.0)   Issuance of undated capital bonds in 2019
                 Principal repayment for issued                              (720,194)                 47.9    Increase in repayment of matured interbank deposit
                   debt certificates                                                                              certificates

     Note:    Including deposits and placements with, and loans to banks and non-bank financial institutions, financial assets held under resale agreements, deposits and
              placements from banks and non-bank financial institutions, and financial assets sold under repurchase agreements.



     3.2.7 Capital Adequacy Ratio Analysis
     The Group has established a comprehensive capital management system covering capital planning, capital allocation,
     capital examination, capital monitoring and capital analysis and management. During the reporting period, in line
     with changes in both internal and external situations, the Group continued to uphold the “capital light, asset light and
     cost light” development strategy. Following the concept of “capital constrains assets”, the Bank established a linkage
     mechanism between capital planning and business arrangements, made reasonable plans for asset growth, actively promoted
     asset turnover and thus continuously improved its asset structure. At the same time, guided by the concepts of “light
     development” and “value creation”, the Group adopted the dual-line management model, i.e., “limit management of
     regulatory capital” and “examination of economic capital” to strike a balance between economic capital and regulatory
     capital, and further improved the capital allocation and capital examination. During the reporting period, the Group
     completed the issuance of RMB40 billion of tier-2 capital bonds which further enhanced the risk resilience of capital and
     ensured the relative stability of capital adequacy ratios.

     As at the end of the reporting period, as required by the Provisional Measures for Capital Management of Commercial Banks
     promulgated by the former CBRC in June 2012, the Group recorded the following capital adequacy profile: a capital
     adequacy ratio of 13.01%, an increase of 0.57 percentage point from the end of the previous year; a 10.18% tier-one
     capital adequacy ratio, 0.02 percentage point lower than the end of the previous year; and an 8.74% core tier-one capital
     adequacy ratio, up by 0.05 percentage point from the end of the previous year, all meeting regulatory requirements.

     In 2021, the Group will continue to carry out comprehensive capital management with the focus on capital under the
     guidance of “light development” and “value creation”, and realize the balanced development of business growth, value
     return and capital consumption by strengthening capital management measures, so as to improve capital application
     efficiency at all fronts.




44   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                   Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




Capital adequacy ratios
                                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB million
                                                                31 December               31 December               Increase (%)/             31 December
 Item                                                                  2020                      2019                     Change                     2018
 Net core tier-one capital                                             471,251                   444,203                    27,048                  403,354
 Net additional tier-one capital                                        77,710                    77,555                       155                   37,768
 Net tier-one capital                                                  548,961                   521,758                    27,203                  441,122
 Net tier-two capital                                                  152,768                   114,139                    38,629                  142,271
 Net capital                                                           701,729                   635,897                    65,832                  583,393
 Of which:
   Minimum requirement on core                                         269,662                   255,679                    13,983                  233,886
     tier-one capital
   Minimum requirement on tier-one capital                            323,595                    306,815                 16,780                     280,663
   Minimum requirement on capital                                     431,460                    409,087                 22,373                     374,217
   Requirement on reserve capital                                     134,831                    127,840                  6,991                     116,943
   Requirement on countercyclical capital                                   –                          –                       –                          –
   Requirement on additional capital                                        –                          –                       –                          –
 Risk-weighted assets                                               5,393,248                  5,113,585                279,663                   4,677,713
 Core tier-one capital adequacy ratio                                  8.74%                      8.69%                 Up 0.05                      8.62%
                                                                                                                percentage point
 Tier-one capital adequacy ratio                                        10.18%                    10.20%             Down 0.02                         9.43%
                                                                                                                percentage point
 Capital adequacy ratio                                                 13.01%                    12.44%                Up 0.57                      12.47%
                                                                                                                percentage point


Leverage ratio
                                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB million
                                                                31 December               31 December               Increase (%)/             31 December
                                                                       2020                      2019                     Change                     2018
 Leverage ratio                                                          6.40%                     6.71%             Down 0.31                         6.37%
                                                                                                                percentage point
 Net tier-one capital                                                  548,961                   521,758                 27,203                     441,122
 Adjusted balance of on-and
   off-balance sheet assets                                         8,582,636                  7,780,321                   802,315                6,928,004

Note:   The Group calculated its leverage ratio in accordance with the provisions of the Rules on Leverage Ratio of Commercial Banks (2015 Revision) (CBRC Decree
        [2015] No.1). For detailed information about leverage ratios, please refer to the column on investor relations at http://www.citicbank.com/about/investor/
        financialaffairs/gglzb/.



3.2.8 Major Accounting Estimates and Assumptions
The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)
required the Group to make certain accounting estimates and assumptions when applying its accounting policies to
determine the amounts of assets and liabilities as well as profits and losses for the reporting period. The accounting
estimates and assumptions made by the Group were based on its historical experience and other factors such as reasonable
expectations of future events. The key assumptions involved in such estimates and the judgment on uncertainties were
reviewed on an on-going basis. Such accounting estimates and assumptions made by the Group were all appropriately
recognized during the current period of the concerned changes and will be recognized as such during the subsequent
periods of any impacts resulting from such changes.

The basis for preparing the Group’s financial statements was influenced by estimates and judgments in the following main
aspects: expected credit loss measurement model, classification of financial assets, fair value measurement of financial
instruments, the end of recognition of financial assets, the control of structured entities, income tax and deferred income
tax.



                                                                                                                                        2020 Annual Report           45
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     3.2.9 Major Financial Statement Items with More than 30% Changes
                                                                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                         Increase/
                                                                                                     Decrease over
                                                                                         End of previous year-end/
      Item                                                                            2020/2020 previous year (%)              Main reason
      Derivative financial assets                                                        40,064                   134.1        Increase in revaluation of currency derivatives
      Financial assets held under resale agreements                                     111,110                 1,016.2        Increase in securities held under resale agreements
      Investments in associates and joint ventures                                        5,674                    54.5        Capital increase in CITIC aiBank
      Properties and equipment                                                           33,868                    51.4        Acquisition of CITIC Tower
      Deferred income tax assets                                                         41,913                    30.6        Increase in deductible temporary differences due to the
                                                                                                                                 provision of loan impairment losses
      Placements from banks and non-bank financial institutions                          57,756                   (37.6)       Decrease in placements from non-bank financial institutions
      Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss                 8,654                   921.7        Short selling of bonds and increase in structured products
      Derivative financial liabilities                                                   39,809                   136.5        Increase in revaluation of currency derivatives
      Financial assets under repurchase agreements                                       75,271                   (32.7)       Decrease in bonds under repurchase agreements
      Other comprehensive income                                                            109                   (98.5)       Changes in financial assets measured at fair value through
                                                                                                                                 comprehensive profit and loss and decrease in foreign
                                                                                                                                 operation translation differences
      Net trading gain                                                                    3,354                    (35.9)      Decrease in net gains from trading of bonds and derivatives
      Net gain from investment securities                                                11,935                     38.3       Increase of net gain from financial assets measured at fair value
                                                                                                                                 through other comprehensive income


     3.2.10 Segment Report
     3.2.10.1 Business Segments
     Major business segments of the Group include corporate banking, retail banking and financial markets business. The table
     below lists the operating results of the Group for the reporting period by business segment.

                                                                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB million
                                                                               2020                                                                         2019
                                             Segment operating                        Segment Profit                        Segment operating                      Segment Profit
      Business Segment                                 income     Proportion (%)          before tax   Proportion (%)                 income    Proportion (%)         before tax   Proportion (%)
      Corporate banking                                 89,473               45.8            20,689              35.7                  93,790            49.9             22,764             40.3
      Retail banking                                    79,644               40.8            19,422              33.6                  71,284            37.9             19,632             34.7
      Financial markets business                        22,713               11.6            18,002              31.1                  19,476            10.4             14,941             26.4
      Others and unallocated                             3,569                1.8              (256)             (0.4)                  3,331             1.8               (792)            (1.4)
      Total                                           195,399               100.0            57,857            100.0                 187,881            100.0             56,545            100.0

                                                                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                       2020                                                        2019
      Business Segment                                                              Segment assets             Proportion (%)                   Segment assets                Proportion (%)
      Corporate banking                                                                  2,580,730                              34.5                  2,305,553                            34.3
      Retail banking                                                                     1,966,280                              26.3                  1,799,187                            26.8
      Financial markets business                                                         2,058,163                              27.6                  1,763,758                            26.3
      Others and unallocated                                                               864,075                              11.6                    849,840                            12.6
      Total                                                                              7,469,248                            100.0                   6,718,338                          100.0

     Note:       Total assets do not include deferred income tax assets.




46   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                 Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




3.2.10.2 Geographical Segments
The Group operates mainly in the Chinese mainland, with branches and sub-branches covering 31 provinces, autonomous
regions and municipalities. London Branch officially commenced operation in 2019. Subsidiaries CIFH and CNCB
Investment were registered in Hong Kong, while Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank, CITIC Financial Leasing and CITIC Wealth
Management were registered in China. The table below lists the operating results of the Group for the reporting period by
geographical segment.

                                                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB million
                                                                          2020                                                                    2019
                                                Segment total assets             Segment profit before tax             Segment total assets              Segment profit before tax
     Geographical Segments                     Balance Proportion (%)              Balance Proportion (%)              Balance Proportion (%)              Balance Proportion (%)
     Head Office                             3,142,433                42.1          33,507                 57.9     2,733,418                40.7           37,148                 65.7
     Yangtze River Delta                     1,599,863                21.4          12,610                 21.8     1,400,247                20.8           10,891                 19.3
     Pearl River Delta and West Strait         886,996                11.9           4,538                  7.8       810,404                12.1            3,226                  5.7
     Bohai Rim                               1,756,340                23.5           4,777                  8.3     1,440,563                21.4            2,980                  5.3
     Central China                             715,464                 9.6           5,214                  9.0       656,139                 9.8            4,337                  7.7
     Western China                             621,509                 8.3          (4,779)                (8.3)      585,993                 8.7           (2,804)                (5.0)
     Northeastern China                        131,475                 1.8             317                  0.6       106,531                 1.6           (2,539)                (4.5)
     Overseas                                  354,390                 4.7           1,673                  2.9       338,452                 5.0            3,306                  5.8
     Offset                                 (1,739,222)              (23.3)              –                    –    (1,353,409)              (20.1)               –                    –

     Total                                   7,469,248             100.0            57,857               100.0     6,718,338               100.0            56,545               100.0

Note:          Total assets do not include deferred income tax assets.




        3.3 Strategic Planning

3.3.1 Outlook
In 2020, in the face of a grave and complex international climate, and the formidable tasks of domestic reform,
development and stability, especially severe impact of a sudden COVID-19 epidemic, China maintained strategic resolve,
correctly judged the situation, carefully planned, acted decisively and responded with tremendous tenacity to become the
world’s only major economy to achieve growth. The economy of China got back on track while uncertainty was mounting
on COVID-19 and external environment. Growth, inflation and interest rates were still low in advanced economies and
central banks slashing rates further elevated the exposure to higher financial fragility.

In 2020, decisive progress in the three critical battles against poverty, and major headway in innovation in science and
technology have been made in China. In addition, the country also made significant breakthroughs in reform and opening-
up and effectively safeguarded people’s wellbeing. In 2020, the country’s gross domestic product (GDP) of the year grew
by 2.30%, value added of industry above designated size rose 2.80%, the consumer price index (CPI) posted a 2.50%
growth, and the producer price index for industrial products dropped 1.80% year-on-year. In addition, the surveyed urban
unemployment rate dropped to 5.60%, below the government’s annual target of about 6%. Financial regulators implemented
the decisions and plans of the CPC Central Committee and the State Council, made overall plan in routine virus control
mechanisms and economic and social development, and did a good job in ensuring stability on six key fronts2, maintaining
security in six key areas3 and wrapping up the 13th Five-Year Plan. The country kept its prudent monetary policy more
flexible and targeted and at a reasonable and appropriate level, and responded to the high uncertainty in three determinate
directions of moderate aggregate policy, obvious reduction in financing costs and support for the real economy, to create a
favorable monetary and financial environment for keeping market entities afloat and maintaining stable employment, and
provide strong support for the virus control and steady economic rebound. Guided by various policies, the Chinese financial
sector saw the positive changes starting to occur to its structure, as the size of currency, credit and social financing expanded
within a reasonable range. As at the end of 2020, the balance of broad money (M2), the balance of Renminbi loans and the
stock of aggregate financing to the real economy (AFRE) stood at RMB218.68 trillion, RMB172.75 trillion and RMB284.83
trillion, growing by 10.10%, 12.80% and 13.30% over the end of the previous year, respectively.


2
    	The six key fronts refer to employment, the financial sector, foreign trade, foreign investment, domestic investment, and expectations.
3
    	The six key areas refer to job security, basic living needs, operations of market entities, food and energy security, stable industrial and supply chains, and the
             normal functioning of primary-level governments.




                                                                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report               47
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     As China’s economy is now transitioning to high-quality development, and it is speeding up efforts to foster a new
     development pattern featuring a strong domestic market and the positive interplay between domestic circulation and
     international circulation, China has an edge and precondition for further development. Nevertheless, as complexity,
     instability and uncertainty are mounting on the international landscape, the domestic economy also faces several challenges.
     The country faces rising pressure amid structural, institutional and cyclical problems and imbalances and inadequacies in
     development. The banking sector is facing both expanding opportunities and rising challenges.

     On the one hand, the banking sector is facing rising challenges. Some countries face resurgence in COVID-19 cases, public
     sector and the real economy see rising debts, and fiscal sustainability faces serious challenges. Capital market valuation is
     lack of support from fundamentals of the economy and the extremely loose monetary policy may lead to spillover effect.
     In the meantime, the mounting protectionism and unilateralism, the growing geopolitical tensions, and intensifying trade
     frictions among several countries will deal a non-economic blow to the global industry chain and supply chain, posing
     daunting instability and uncertainty to economic recovery. Therefore, China will still be under great pressure to guard
     against inbound cases and forestall international economic and financial risks. Supply-side structural reform in the financial
     sector will be steadily advanced, and financial institutions will continue to improve the quality and efficiency in serving the
     real economy. The formation mechanism of loan prime rate (LPR) will be improved, reform of key areas will be constantly
     enhanced and the operation of financial institutions will be further standardized. In the context of forestalling and defusing
     financial risks, the Chinese regulators will maintain “stringent regulation and severe penalty”, and reduce existing illegal
     practices on the market. Accordingly, financial institutions will continuously stick to the basics of financial services in their
     operation, intensify risk management and internal control, and pursue high-quality and sustainable development.

     On the other hand, the banking sector is facing expanding opportunities. As 2021 is the start year of the 14th Five-Year
     Plan period, it is expected to ensure the continuity, consistency and sustainability of macro policies. China will continue to
     implement a proactive fiscal policy and prudent monetary policy, maintain necessary policy support for economy recovery
     to promote major economic indicators within an appropriate range. At the same time, closely seeking supply-side structural
     reform, it will pay attention to demand-side management, unclog bottleneck and strengthen weak areas, so as to attain a
     more desirable and dynamic equilibrium where demand drive the supply and supply creates demand. China will promote
     the coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, the integrated development of the Yangtze River
     economic belt, and the development of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area to build new driving forces
     that lead high-quality development, thus create a world-class innovation platform and foster new sources of growth. This
     will provide a broad space for structural adjustment, transformation and development of commercial banks.

     3.3.2 Implementation of the Development Plan
     The year 2020 marks the concluding year for the Bank’s 2018-2020 development plan. Amid the severe test of the
     COVID-19 pandemic and the economic and financial situation at home and abroad, the Board of Directors highly valued
     strategic planning, and remained strategically determined and confident about development. It vigorously boosted business
     transformation and efficiency improvement, proactively prevented and mitigated major risks, and thus achieved significant
     effect in building an enterprise offering the best comprehensive financial services, laying a solid foundation for the next
     stage of development completing the overall goal of the plan. In detail, the plan implementation have the following
     characteristic results:

     The governance basis was further consolidated. To develop a sound corporate governance structure, the Bank served as
     a forerunner among joint-stock banks to specify Party building in its Articles of Association. In this way, leadership of
     the Party was integrated into corporate governance, corporate governance actors could enjoy more adequate information
     sharing and exchanges, the governance model featuring value creation was improved and the governance culture was
     more inclusive. Moreover, the Bank reformed human resource management through better allocation of human resources,
     remuneration and training sessions. It established an open, fair and just mechanism for talent selection and employment,
     built outstanding leading groups at all levels and provided more diversified channels for growth. Besides, it explored a
     differentiated remuneration system, incorporated talent team building into its organizational system and cumulatively
     fostered over 5,000 elites through the “Double Hundred and Double Thousand”4 project.




     4
         	A human resources project with the aim of building four teams, i.e., operational and managerial talents, internationalized talents, professional talents and youth
                 backbones, to implement the 2018-2020 Development Plan of the Bank.




48   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                           Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




Business transformation was more fruitful. The Bank made solid efforts to boost integrated customer management for
the corporate banking business, and made breakthroughs in key areas such as the “joint management model” for strategic
customers, institutional banking business, auto finance, transaction banking and inclusive finance. Through these efforts,
the Bank continued to lead the market in terms of bond underwriting, forex purchase and sale, international balance of
payments and cross-border Renminbi. Besides, the Bank was significantly better at creating value in retail banking business.
Specifically, the operation system was upgraded, and digital capabilities were improved. As a result, customers exceeded
a hundred million, retail assets under management amounted to more than RMB2 trillion and the percentage of net
operating income increased from 35.36% at the end of 2017 to 41.73%. Furthermore, the Bank had stronger capabilities
of market-oriented operation of the financial market business, recording operating income of RMB21.466 billion, fee-based
business income of RMB12.635 billion.

The brand image was more vivid. With continuous improvement of the organizational structure, the Bank made fresh
progress in collaborative development, and established a five-in-one5 collaborative working system, making achievements
in collaboration within the Group, collaboration between the Bank and its subsidiaries and coordination between domestic
and overseas institutions. The Bank made breakthroughs in international development. For example, London Branch was
officially established, application for setting up Hong Kong Branch was underway and upgrading of Sydney Representative
Office was advanced steadily. Moreover, JSC Altyn Bank maintained good asset quality among commercial banks in
Kazakhstan. Additionally, the Bank made more contributions by fulfilling its social responsibilities. Specifically, it created
the model combining Party building with poverty alleviation, practically deepened targeted poverty relief and donated
RMB130 million to education and medical care of designated poverty-stricken areas. Besides, it dispatched 144 managers
for poverty alleviation, helped 1 poverty-stricken county and 124 villages to pass the inspection and acceptance of poverty
alleviation and assisted 35,500 impoverished people from 11,900 households in getting rid of poverty.

Innovation brought in more vitality. Specifically, the Bank continued to improve the innovation system and mechanism,
established a multi-layered innovation architecture and cumulatively approved 63 innovative projects of Category I. Besides,
the Bank further consolidated its technology basis with its inputs growth rate at 24.43% annually. “Lingyun” Project was
put into production, and the new-generation cloud architecture system was launched for the credit card business. These
two projects were the first to implement autonomous and controllable core systems among medium and large banks in
China. Moreover, the Bank’s blockchain forfaiting transaction platform became the first national platform in the industry.
In addition, the Bank moved faster to gain a presence and boost its digital transformation, and acted as a forerunner to
launch its 5G all-IP open service platform6. Therefore, the intelligent outbound call system was more efficient, and the
Bank succeeded in building a basic framework for an open bank.

Lines of risk defense were more reliable. The Bank further deepened the reform of the risk management system,
incorporated customer departments into the credit procedures, managed new customers based on the white list and
existing customers based on four types and established the principal responsible person mechanism for operation, principal
responsible person mechanism for management and full-time approver mechanism. Besides, it continued to strengthen
internal control and compliance management by establishing a team of part-time compliance officers, introduced the
5C7 standardized management platform, intensified accountability and preliminarily built an anti-money laundering
management system covering all employees, products and processes. Additionally, the Bank continuously improved the
quality and efficiency of audit supervision. “One department and eight centers”8 played a vital role in audits, facilitating the
Bank in achieving the goal of full coverage of domestic and overseas institutions within three years. By combining on-site
and off-site audits, the Bank succeeded in revealing risk hazards on all fronts.




5
    	“Five-in-one” refers to building a sound mechanism, a framework, a cohesive team, a system and a brand.
6
    	The 5G all-IP open service platform refers to a new working and management model featuring integrated systems, interconnected data and complementary
            personnel. Specifically, the Bank connected heterogeneous systems such as the representative working platform and the mobile marketing tools, and improved
            the grid-based, platform-specific and intelligent capabilities of interacting with users. Besides, it designated an entrance to integrate the functions of modules
            such as customer service, verification via phone calls and collection, and thus provided customers with services in all links. Through integration and adaptation,
            the Bank broke down the barrier of the traditional call media, and strengthened human-computer coordinated working. It also established teams consisting of
            members proficient in a variety of businesses so that services were available anywhere and anytime with the support of remote working. From the perspective of
            in-depth operation, through effective integration of business, systems and personnel, the Bank explored public scenarios for credit card usage, common scenarios
            of customers of similar attributes and unique personalized scenarios. Based on the system covering all products, users and channels of the Credit Card Center,
            the Bank established an operation ecosystem including diversified, differentiated and personalized products.
7
    	5C refers to culture, control, compliance, check and correct.
8
    	They refer to the Audit Department of the Bank, as well as the audit centers in Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Chengdu, Xi’an, Kunming, Wuhan and Shenyang.




                                                                                                                                                   2020 Annual Report            49
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Resource allocation was more efficient. The Bank kept enhancing capital management. With the principle of capital
     constraints, it rationally planned assets and liabilities, continued to optimize the business structure, laid equal stress
     on on-balance-sheet and off-balance-sheet resources and attached equal importance to operation of existing capital and
     working capital. Therefore, the comprehensive risk weight decreased significantly, and capital-light transformation began
     to deliver results. The Bank put into operation the centralized operation center and finance sharing project, and launched
     the performance management system and the new-generation fund transfer pricing (FTP) system, achieving growing
     management efficiency. It also implemented the Objectives and Key Results (OKR) evaluation among departments of the
     Head Office. Additionally, the Bank achieved significant effect in increasing income and cutting expenditure. By reducing
     the fund cost, operating cost and capital cost, it saved RMB6.72 billion.

     3.3.3 Development Plan for 2021-2023
     At the beginning of 2021, the Bank issued the development plan for the coming three years, proposing to boost
     development led by Party building, strengthen coordinated and integrated development and enhance capital-light intensive
     development with frontier technologies as the engine, high-quality development as the theme and high value creation as the
     main task.

     The Bank further defined the vision
     of becoming a responsible, unique
     and valuable provider of the best
     comprehensive financial services with
     a human touch. To press ahead with
     the development plan, the Bank put
     forward the implementation path for
     “one reform, two transformations and
     three tasks”. Specifically, “one reform”
     indicates reforming the management
     systems and mechanisms in an in-depth
     manner on dimensions such as the
     operation mechanisms, authorization
     mechanisms, risk control systems, human
     resources and performance appraisal
     of the Head Office and branches as
     well as the development of the Bank’s
     subsidiaries. In particular, the Bank shall
     support competition among branches and
     their differentiated development, aiming to establish a management mechanism that can better stimulate vitality of teams.
     “Two transformations” refer to digital transformation and capital-light transformation. In terms of digital transformation,
     the Bank shall work faster to build itself into a preferred bank of digital retail ecology, a bank offering ecological solutions
     and intelligent services in the industry and a leading bank of big data-driven investment and transactions. Moreover, it shall
     build three middle offices of intelligent risk control, efficient data services and leading technical services respectively at a
     faster pace, and establish four back offices featuring agile organization, digital talents, digital culture and resource allocation
     respectively. As for capital-light transformation, the Bank shall vigorously boost the development of capital-light businesses
     such as asset management, wealth management, private banking, transaction banking, investment banking and financial
     market business. By doing so, it will constantly create methods for capital saving, and replace the development model with
     high capital consumption. “Three tasks” refer to asset quality control, customer expansion and in-depth management,
     and development in key regions. The Bank shall make concerted efforts to consolidate its foundation, shake off burdens,
     sharpen its competitiveness and propel sustainable development. At the same time, the Bank also defined its development
     objectives – to significantly improve asset quality, strengthen the customer basis, increase the business scale, optimize the
     income structure, improve profitability and open a new chapter for the capabilities of operation and management and
     market competitiveness within three to five years.

     On top of the well-defined vision, objectives and path, the Bank proposed eight important initiatives, namely leadership
     of Party building, original mandate, innovation-driven development, edges in core aspects, coordination and integration,
     cost cut and efficiency improvement, safe CITIC, and reform-empowered development. To be more specific, leadership of
     Party building refers to in-depth integration of Party building and business. By emphasizing the original mandate, the Bank
     aims to implement the national and regulatory requirements while serving the cause of the Party and country as well as the
     real economy. That is, it will fulfill its responsibilities as a state-owned bank. In terms of innovation-driven development,
     while consolidating the development of the innovation system, the Bank will focus on digital transformation and financial
     technology application, and work faster to create an atmosphere where all employees are encouraged and good at creativity.



50   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                    Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




As for edges in core aspects, the Bank aims to expand its competitive edges in core customers, products and regions to form
an operation pattern characterized by a more coordinated business structure and more advantageous features. With respect
to collaboration and integration, the Bank will uphold the philosophy of “altruism and win-win cooperation”, create new
coordination models, set up the brand image of “CITIC Synergy+” and build a coordinated ecosystem featuring coexistence
and sharing. As for cost cut and efficiency improvement, the Bank will work on capital-light transformation, market
value management and intensive operation. To achieve the goal of safe CITIC, the Bank will practice the philosophy of
compliant operation and prudent development in all tasks. To enable its development with reform, it will deepen the
reform of systems and mechanisms, and further promote high-quality and sustainable business development.

In 2021, the Bank will adhere to its target of prudent development, serve the real economy as always, remain true to its
orientation for a valuable bank and deepen development transformation. The asset growth in the whole year is projected to
be around 9%. The Bank expects to witness stable growth of operating results and steady improvement of asset quality, and
make a good beginning for its 2021-2023 development plan. Any forward-looking description of the plan and development
strategy involved in the above projection shall not constitute the Bank’s substantial commitment to its investors. Investors
and personnel concerned shall stay adequately mindful of risks, and understand the difference between plans, projection
and commitments.



       3.4 Key Issues in the Capital Market

3.4.1 Business Synergy
Aiming to be enabled by customers, risks and technology, the Bank innovated synergy model, set up the brand image of
“CITIC Synergy+” and released the potential and value of CITIC Synergy. Supported by systems, the Bank moved ahead
with collaborative business management. To be specific, it gathered the knockout products and collaborative resources
of CITIC Group’s subsidiaries, and established standard procedures and management model for online collaboration to
improve user experience and build a collaborative management system featuring high productivity, high efficiency and
great empowerment. Focused on the capital market, the Bank vigorously supported business. In terms of enterprises, it
joined hands with CITIC Securities and China Securities to further market products for listed and to-be-listed enterprises
and formulate integrated service plans. As for individuals, it partnered with the Group’s financial subsidiaries to develop
collaborative products as it valued in-depth maintenance of high-net-worth customer segment and aimed to improve the
CITIC impact in the wealth management market. With initial success in the branding of “CITIC Synergy+”, the Bank
improved collaborative competitiveness and impact. Together with CITIC Group’s subsidiaries concerned, it improved
the plan for promoting the brand of “CITIC Synergy”, integrated resources of CITIC Group and built brands of “mega
integrated financing” and “mega asset management” from customer demands for investment and financing to accelerate the
capital-light transformation.

During the reporting period, relying on CITIC Group’s collaborative development strategy, collaborative works entered a
new stage of high-quality development, brand synergy kept growing and the collaborative potential of corporate banking
business was greatly released.

In terms of Group-wide collaboration, the Bank implemented 992 collaborative projects with CITIC Securities, China
Securities, CITIC Trust, CITIC Prudential Life Insurance, CITIC Financial Leasing, CITIC aiBank, CNCBI and CNCB
Investment. As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank cumulatively provided corporate customers with joint financing
of RMB1,078.207 billion, and offered custody services for CITIC Group and other financial subsidiaries with a total
amount of RMB845.772 billion.

As for regional collaboration, the Bank firmly implemented national strategies for regional development, and vigorously
boosted major projects in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, the Yangtze River Delta and the Guangdong-Hong Kong-
Macao Greater Bay Area. During the reporting period, CITIC consortium9 invested RMB1.756 billion in mixed-ownership
reform of XCMG Machinery, continuously empowering the real economy. The Bank cooperated with the government of
HZZK High-tech Industrial Development Zone in many aspects such as the design, investment and financing, construction
and operation of infrastructure and industrial parks, and served the government of the zone and state-owned enterprises in
the zone through the “industry-finance collaboration + intelligent financing” model.


9
    	CITIC consortium includes multiple financial and industrial entities such as China CITIC Bank, CITIC Pacific Special Steel Group Co., Ltd., Goldstone,
           CNCB (Hong Kong) Investment Limited, CITIC Prudential Life Insurance and China Capital Management Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                                                    2020 Annual Report         51
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     With respect to collaboration with other financial participants, the Bank signed a strategic cooperation agreement with
     CITIC Securities, specifying the benefit sharing mechanism in 20 areas including investment banking, wealth management,
     financing, cross-border business and think tanks. It also signed an MOU with China Securities, defining the cooperation
     orientations and the profit sharing mechanism for key business. Around industry research and risk prevention and control,
     the Bank established a collaborative expert team and forestalled risks. Moreover, it seized opportunities in the capital
     market to hold 19 sessions of CITIC Synergy Think Tank – Capital Market Forum jointly with two securities brokers.
     Besides, it established a personnel exchange mechanism among financial subsidiaries of CITIC Group to achieve two-way
     business empowerment.

     Regarding industry-finance collaboration, centering on 143 strategic customers at the Head Office level, the Bank
     established an “N+1+N”10 collaborative team with financial subsidiaries of the Group to give fully play to the edges in the
     “CITIC United Fleet” and improve the capabilities of integrated financial services. During the reporting period, the Bank
     provided a comprehensive financing limit of RMB26.630 billion for cross-border financing of Zhongyuan Yuzi Investment
     Holding Group. It collaborated with industrial subsidiaries of CITIC Group to deepen project cooperation with customers
     in environmental protection, medical care and cross-border e-commerce. It also assisted in founding Jinjiang Stated-owned
     Capital Investment and Operation Co., Ltd., the third state-owned local enterprise in Fujian Province, and customized
     diversified integrated financial services covering bonds, credit and equities for Jinjiang municipal government.

     During the reporting period, by virtue of CITIC Group’s edges in integrated financial services, the Bank allocated and
     integrated resources, and carried out 76 cooperative projects with 15 subsidiaries of the Group featuring customer sharing,
     joint product innovation, joint channel building, joint marketing and joint brand building of retail banking business,
     making breakthroughs in both quantity and quality.

     Specifically, as for customer sharing, with the “CITIC U Enjoy+” platform as a bridge, the Bank helped build a
     collaborative ecological platform of CITIC Group so as to boost innovative development with synergy and integration.
     Moreover, it partnered with McDonald’s, CITIC Prudential Life Insurance and CITIC Press Group in issuing co-branded
     cards and introducing customers to each other, and joined hands with CITIC Securities and China Securities to facilitate
     third-party escrow services.

     Regarding innovation in the service system and model, the Bank established an integrated model for business procedures
     of “investment research + investment advisory + marketing”, and set up a comprehensive operation model featuring “joint
     product innovation + customer transformation”. Furthermore, it explored the service model for joint operation and linkage
     in terms of “investment banking + private banking” and “corporate banking + private banking”.

     In respect of joint channel building, the Bank continually intensified online service integration. For example, it launched
     online business halls of CITIC Securities and China Securities on its mobile banking APP, and launched CITIC Academy
     with CITIC Press Group.

     As regards joint brand building, the Bank upgraded and launched the “CITIC Wealth of Happiness” brand through
     concerted efforts with the Group’s financial subsidiaries such as CITIC Securities, China Securities, CITIC Trust, China
     Asset Management (ChinaAMC), Citic-prudential Fund Management Company Ltd. and CITIC-Prudential Life Insurance
     Company Ltd. as well as institutions in the industrial segment such as CITIC Press. As at the end of the reporting period,
     registered users of “CITIC U Enjoy+” exceeded 115 million cumulatively, among whom 7,249 high-end customers were
     shared with China Securities, CITIC Securities and CITIC Trust. Customers of third-party escrow services exceeded 2.383
     million, up by 14.08% over the prior year-end. Agency products sales of financial subsidiaries of CITIC Group exceeded
     RMB45 billion cumulatively.




     10
          	N+1+N refers to the “lead branch and assisting branches of group customers” + the “Strategic Customer Department of the Head Office” + “product departments
                 and middle- and back-office departments of the Head Office as well as financial subsidiaries of the Group”.




52   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                           Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




3.4.2 Financial Technology
During the reporting period, the Bank accomplished key tasks of
its 13th Five-year Plan for Technological Development, and fully                                                      Technicians of the Bank
improved technological empowerment. As at the end of the reporting
period, it had 4,190 technicians (excluding those of subsidiaries), a                                         Unit: persons

year-on-year increase of 31.68%, and the technicians accounted for                                                                    31.68%
7.60% of the total. During the reporting period, technological inputs
                                                                                                                                                  4,190
of the Group amounted to RMB6.926 billion, a year-on-year increase
of 24.43%, and accounted for 3.56% of operating income. The Bank’s
institutional reform in financial technology fields began to deliver
                                                                                                                              3,182
results. Focused on value creation, the Bank designed models featuring
in-depth integration of technologies and business, and launched
knockout products such as Intelligent Rubik’s Cube11, Credit e-Chain
and management tools of asset-liability portfolios, so as to fully respond
to front-line demands and accelerate the end-to-end delivery cycles by
another 50% over the previous year.

During the reporting period, acting as a forerunner among medium and
large-sized banks in China to launch the first independently developed
distributed core system (Lingyun Project), the Bank was better at
technologies, real-time big data service and analysis, agile R&D and                The end of 2019 The end of 2020
intelligent operation and maintenance, and comprehensively improved
its abilities to organize and implement complicated major projects and enable its business empowerment through financial
technology. Besides, the Bank put into production the first phase of the bank-wide data lake, and completed the basic data
platform of the bank-wide data lake and the new-generation data warehouse, improving the overall processing performance
by more than 50%. Moreover, it completed the transformation into a full-cloud architecture, putting 96.71% of its basic
IT infrastructure on the cloud and be able to deliver products and services within T+1 days by virtue of its infrastructure
resources. Furthermore, the Bank became a pioneer in the industry to develop an integrated operation and maintenance
system, with 90.9% of its overall operation and maintenance completed automatically, and its data centers took the lead
among peers in terms of maturity assessment.

During the reporting period, with CITIC Brain, an artificial intelligence platform independently developed by the Bank,
as main engine, the Bank built an AI model center and an AI efficiency center, and applied 307 “AI + data” precision
models, intelligently serving tens of millions of customers in real-time. To be specific, intelligent recommendations of
wealth management AI led to sales of RMB232.650 billion. With the equity chain application of strategic customers
employed, assets under management grew by more than RMB52.2 billion. Robotic process automation (PRA) has been
applied in nearly 800 scenarios, reaching 80% in the usage rate in branches and increasing the operation efficiency by over
20% on average. Additionally, the Bank remained a leader in terms of R&D and application of blockchain technology as
its blockchain platform passed five reliability tests of the China Academy of Information and Communications Technology
(CAICT) in one go, and its blockchain forfaiting transaction platform was recognized by the PBOC and upgraded to a
national industrial platform.




11
     	Positioned as the middle office of digital financial operation of the Bank, the Intelligent Rubik’s Cube platform is equipped with collaborative channels for
            reaching out to customers, flexible allocation of channel interfaces, intelligent match of product types, unified scheduling of contents and privileges, sensitive
            capture of opportunities for reaching out to customers, visualized allocation of operation strategies and control groups (group A and group B) of operation
            effect. Through comprehensive management and fine match of customers, products, privileges, channels and business opportunities, the platform supports digital
            operation of the retail banking segment of the Head Office and 37 branches.




                                                                                                                                                   2020 Annual Report            53
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     3.4.3 Digital Transformation
     During the reporting period, the Bank formulated a master plan for digital transformation and a comprehensive and
     systematic implementation plan to boost whole-process and systematic reform from technical application to model
     innovation, process rebuilding and organizational reshaping and facilitate improvement of digital governance system and
     data governance capabilities. It vigorously made researches in frontier technology to lead the banking development and
     the trends in business reform. With a focus on the fields with imbalanced and inadequate digital transformation, the Bank
     pushed ahead with capability improvement and organizational reform following the chain of “customer demands – response
     of the front office – empowerment by the middle office – back office as a driver”. Oriented for customers and value, the
     Bank facilitated collaborative upgrading of front, middle and back offices. With the perpetual driving force of financial
     technology strength, the Bank made its products and services more competitive, and boosted the transformation of business
     and operation models so as to build a data-driven business development model.

     In terms of the front office, the business line of retail banking kept deepening its digital transformation, adhered to
     technological innovation and intelligent development and strengthened support from financial technologies such as 5G,
     AI and big data to better develop a data-driven customer management and service system. The Bank promoted digital
     transformation of outlets by helping outlets gain a digital presence offline so as to build an emerging business pattern
     featuring “ecosystem + social networking”. It also worked faster to build its corporate WeChat platform to improve its
     service capability on WeChat, and released the independently developed Wealth Workshop, aiming to manage its customers
     via WeChat. Besides, the Bank had a larger group of remote banking representatives by piloting a customer management
     system through remote representatives. In this process, it established voice interaction scenarios driven by AI technology to
     make intelligent outbound calls. The Bank improved its AI marketing platform and M+ relationship manager tool12, and
     built a management platform covering all retail banking business featuring unified login, interconnected data, integrated
     functions and consistent interfaces. The Bank integrated big data technology into business such as credit card customer
     management, wealth management, fee-based business income and risks control, and built a 5G all-IP open service platform
     innovatively. Moreover, it built and improved the “AI+” intelligent platform with independent intellectual property rights
     (IIPR), on which services such as intelligent outbound calls, voice recognition and audio navigation were available. On
     top of that platform, the Bank vigorously applied business scenarios. And the Bank continued to facilitate the in-depth
     application in business. For example, AI Robot has been used in more than 200 business scenarios including credit card
     approval, collection and marketing.

     Concerning corporate banking business, around solutions to the industrial ecosystem, the Bank perfected its data-driven
     intelligent services, and improved its capabilities of rapidly improving customer experience so as to empower customer
     business and banking operation. Concerning data-driven development, through introducing external big data, the Bank
     developed four categories of precision marketing models, namely customer expansion, activation of dormant customers,
     improvement of existing customers and product recommendation. During the reporting period, tapping into chain-based
     and product-based customer acquisition models, the Bank attracted another 12,800 customers and deposits of RMB53.871
     billion. Also, by the improving business with 108,100 existing customers, deposits grew by RMB76.274 billion. In terms
     of intelligent services, the Bank used an event marketing model to trigger marketing moves based on customer behaviors.
     AI outbound calls made it available to contact customers with expired certificates and invalid industrial and commercial
     registration and without regular reconciliation so that the Bank was able to serve customers more efficiently. As to
     improvement of customer experience, the Bank streamlined the accounting opening procedures. Through online processing,
     mobile approval and intelligent customer identification, it reduced time required for corporate account opening by about
     30%. At the same time, relationship managers had much less workload during account opening as they did not need to fill
     in forms or submit the forms for approval manually.




     12
          	It is a working platform for retail wealth managers to manage and maintain customers, carry out marketing activities and conduct statistics of business results.




54   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                      Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




Digital transformation in the financial market segment began to deliver results. During the reporting period, the Bank
launched modules of the peer customer relationship management system, the first phase of the peer business information
management platform and the financial market system group optimization project successively. Bill business was processed
digitally in the whole process from discounting to interbank discounting and rediscounting. Through partnership in
scenario-embedded products with multiple platforms such as ESGCC, JD Digital Technology and CSCC, the Bank shaped
the landscape of bill business. Scenarios of forex purchase and sale were embedded into customer systems inside and outside
the Bank, covering mobile banking, transaction +, peer +, the new-generation international settlement system and CITIC
Smart Forex, boosting the scenario-based development of agency business. Additionally, the Bank made positive progress
in data governance in the financial market segment. With comprehensive and extensive dimensions covered and further
improvement of data quality, the Bank greatly enhanced its capabilities of data management.

In terms of middle and back offices, support from three middle offices was strengthened. The Bank developed the middle
office with intelligent risk control, built a unified asset risk view and a multi-dimensional customer risk portrait, and created
portfolio risk models and resource allocation management tools, providing information support for credit approval, early
risk warning and post-lending management. To gain highly grained data governance capabilities with strong governance,
the Bank developed an efficient data middle office, and built a basic data service platform with strong functions. Moreover,
it improved the middle office of technical services. While upgrading technical architecture and applying new technologies
on a large scale, the Bank built a leading technical architecture, and empowered its development with high-level application
of new technologies. Furthermore, driving force of the four back offices was strengthened. From agile organization, digital
talent, digital culture and resource allocation, the Bank established an efficient, collaborative and flat organization where
the Head Office strongly empowered branches and sub-branches.

3.4.4 Wealth Management
With a strategic focus on wealth management and aiming to become
customers’ first choice of wealth management bank as an expert at
settlement, investment, financing, services and activities, the Bank improved
its professional capabilities and value contribution, and promoted the high-
quality development of wealth management business.

In terms of wealth management of personal customers, the Bank fully
leveraged collaborative resources of integrated financial services with a
full range of licenses of CITIC Group to comprehensively improve the
product supply and resource allocation professionalism and consolidate
the advantage in comprehensive financial services by building the unified
wealth management brand “CITIC Wealth of Happiness”. Integrating
investment research capabilities, expert teams, advantageous products and
other resources of the Group’s subsidiaries, the Bank established three-
tier systems for analysis of general-category assets, strategy allocation and
product allocation. Through “CITIC U Enjoy+”, a unified account platform
of the Group, the Bank vigorously provided unified service and privilege
system to CITIC Wealth customers. Thanks to the Group’s advantages
in the industrial segment, the Bank gained a presence in the industrial
ecosystem, and built high-quality scenarios and access. By reshaping the
wealth management customer journey, based on its digital capability,
the Bank improved its capabilities of customer insight, life-cycle management of products, and investment research and
asset allocation.The Bank connected scenarios via data, and developed insight into customer demands through accurate,
dynamic customer portraits. It developed an open product platform for the market, strengthened life-cycle management
of products and systematically enhanced professional capabilities of responding to the transformation of the wealth
management business towards NAVs. Moreover, it launched selected fund brands, and took the initiative to select leading
institutions for customizing exclusive hot-selling products. The Bank established a system for investment research and
advisory, and provided asset allocation services, connecting customer insight with product management. Launching wealth
review on mobile banking, the Bank reviewed customers’ wealth allocation dynamically, served as a personalized wealth
advisor through digital technologies. As for the high end customer service, the Bank strengthened characteristic advantages
in family trust and discretionary trust of private banking, and comprehensively upgraded the value-added service system
of private banking. It added privilege packages of high-net-worth customers, optimized five privilege services, promoted
diamond assistant service, developed a healthcare and education service platform and released over 20 service products. As
at the end of the reporting period, existing family trust amounted to RMB36.330 billion, up by 54.23% over the prior
year-end. Existing discretionary trust stood at RMB43.378 billion, an increase of 71.12% over the prior year-end. Value-
added services of private banking were used by more than 20,000 person times. The coverage of diamond butler service
reached 82.13% and that of diamond assistant service was 28.32%.

                                                                                                             2020 Annual Report     55
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     As for the corporate customer wealth management, the Bank proactively practiced the strategy for capital-light business
     development, strengthened comprehensive customer management and fully promoted transformation of net-worth wealth
     management products. It also officially launched corporate agency fund business, recording rapid growth of corporate
     wealth management and agency funds sold. As at the end of the reporting period, net-worth wealth management products
     amounted to RMB81.506 billion, accounting for 65.93% of corporate wealth management, setting a new high. In the
     future, the Bank will intensify systematic development of products, teams, systems and brands, leverage the collaborative
     advantages of CITIC Group, and build a diversified corporate wealth management product system covering structured
     deposits, agency wealth management, funds, trust and asset management plans to meet comprehensive financial demands of
     corporate customers and vigorously develop corporate wealth management business.

     3.4.5 Asset Quality
     The macroeconomic growth in China slowed down in recent years, coupled with the negative impact of COVID-19,
     multi-source debt risk exposures and China-US trade friction, the banking industry was under pressure in maintaining asset
     quality. To respond to such macro risk situation, the Bank has been improving its risk prevention and control system, and
     taking multiple measures to make risk prevention and mitigation more effective in recent years.

     In terms of the improvement of the risk prevention and control system, first, the Bank consolidated the three lines of
     defense by promoting the first line of defense to fulfill its duties to control risks in the pre-lending and post-lending phases,
     strengthening the vertical management of the risk line, and deepening the supervision of audit and discipline enforcement.
     Second, the Bank improved its accountability system. It established a system featuring the “principal responsible person
     mechanism for operation + principal responsible person mechanism for approval + accountability identification of
     non-performing assets” so that responsibilities were well defined and identified, and relevant personnel could be held
     accountable. The Bank held personnel at two higher levels accountable, and held personnel responsible for non-performing
     assets accountable before write-off. And lifelong accountability was held. Additionally, the Bank improved policies on
     ensuring no one who has fulfilled their duties will be held liable to encourage officials to assume their responsibilities.
     Third, the Bank improved policies and the authorization system. It strengthened the transmission and implementation
     of credit policies, and boosted the integration of credit policies into marketing guidelines, standards for review and
     approval, and policies on assessment and resource allocation. Moreover, it established an authorization system characterized
     by ceilings, standards, responsibilities and supervision. Taking into account nature of matters, customers, regions and
     personnel, the Bank delegated authority to branches in a differentiated manner. While stimulating the operation vitality of
     outlets, it formed a management closed loop by intensifying authorization review to defend the Bank against risks.

     With respect to risk prevention and mitigation, first, the Bank contained the increase in non-performing assets. It further
     improved the approval system by issuing 40 standards for review and approval to ensure the implementation of the bank-
     wide risk appetite. It also launched the full-time approver mechanism to make approval more independent and professional.
     Besides, through strict credit access, the Bank carried out access management of new credit customers based on the white
     list. Strengthening post-lending inspection, it established a risk monitoring mechanism for key large-amount customers,
     and dynamically followed up on the operation status of customers to identify and mitigate risks as early as possible.
     Second, the Bank vigorously disposed of non-performing assets. It developed a platform for disposing of non-performing
     assets, and took reasonable disposal strategies based on the characteristics of such assets, striving to minimize losses and
     maximize benefits. The Bank highly valued the management after write-off of non-performing assets, and kept improving
     its capabilities of recovering assets written off. While stabilizing asset quality, it actively made up for profit, and sought
     benefits from non-performing assets.




56   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                      Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s asset quality indicators were good on the whole. Total loans amounted
to RMB4,473.307 billion, up by RMB475.320 billion over the prior year-end. NPL ratio stood at 1.64%, down by
0.01 percentage point over the prior year-end. Specifically, overdue loans recorded RMB90.960 billion, a decrease of
RMB13.049 billion, down by 0.57 percentage point over the prior year-end. Among them, loans overdue for more than
90 days accounted for 1.17%, a decrease of 0.08 percentage point over the prior year-end. Meanwhile, to further improve
the risk mitigation capabilities, during the reporting period, the Group increased provisions by setting aside allowance for
loan impairment losses of RMB69.285 billion, a year-on-year increase of RMB492 million. As at the end of the reporting
period, the Bank’s ratio of balance of allowance for loan impairment losses to NPL balance (i.e. allowance coverage ratio)
and ratio of balance of allowance for loan impairment losses to total loans (i.e. allowance for loan impairment losses to total
loans) stood at 171.68% and 2.82% respectively, indicating adequate allowance for loan impairment losses.

3.4.6 Net Interest Margin
In 2020, the Group registered net interest margin (NIM) of 2.26%, down by 19 BPs over the previous year, mainly due to
the following three reasons: First, since 2020, to cope with the impact of COVID-19, the state has issued a series of easing
policies at the macro level, and guided the reduction of financing costs. To respond to the orientation of national policies,
the Group made interest concessions to the real economy, leading to a downtrend in the loan interest rates. Second, subject
to the pandemic, household consumption shrank, credit card loans with relatively higher yield ratios were extended slowly
and high-yield assets accounted for a smaller percentage. Third, during the period of downward interest rates, the Group
took into account both security and benefits, took the initiative to adjust the strategy for allocating general-category assets
and increased the percentage of interbank and investment business.

The Group highly valued the NIM management. To deal with the downward pressure of NIM, it gave top priority to
liability cost control, and optimized the liability structure according to the principle of “striking a balance between quantity
and price”. In the second half of 2020, the percentage of high-cost deposits among self-operated deposits kept going down.
The cost rate of deposits declined after a rise month after month, and entered a trajectory of decrease, playing a positive
role in relieving the pressure of NIM. Based on the macroeconomic and financial situations and market competition, it is
expected that there will still be downward pressure of NIM in 2021.

The Group will further deepen operation transformation, and take multiple measures to improve its performance in NIM.
Specifically, it will mainly work on the following three aspects: First, it will set goals of NIM management, and have a
better change range in NIM compared with that of its peers. Second, it will reasonably distribute the structure of assets
and liabilities in terms of quantity and price. On the premise of meeting policy requirements, it will strike a balance
among profitability, liquidity and security, and strengthen the management of deposits and loans in terms of quantity-price
balance. With the precondition that the asset risk is under control, the Group will create new channels for high-yield assets,
optimize the risk control model and improve its capabilities of risk pricing. On the liability end, it will control the cost
rate of deposits and upgrade the deposit structure. Meanwhile, it will intensify the analysis of macro economy and interest
rate trends, and take the initiative to reasonably arrange for the term and scale of active liabilities, endeavoring to minimize
liability costs. Third, taking root in customer management, the Group will accumulate low-cost settlement deposits. In
terms of corporate banking, it will accelerate development of the system for managing medium and small-sized customers,
vigorously develop transaction banking as always, and play a better role in customer acquisition, activation and loyalty.
As for retail banking, it will speed up the digital transformation, strive to integrate and transform customers, improve the
capabilities of managing long-tail customers, develop a system for ecological scenarios of personal loans and drive deposit
accumulation through strong wealth management business.




                                                                                                            2020 Annual Report     57
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




             3.5 Business Overview

     3.5.1 Corporate Banking
     During the reporting period, the Bank followed the general principle of pursuing progress while ensuring stability in terms
     of corporate banking, acted upon the philosophy of customer-centric services and boosted transformation and sustainable
     development of corporate banking. As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank registered period-end balance of
     corporate deposits of RMB3,443.981 billion, up by RMB402.651 billion over the prior year-end, continuing to lead joint-
     stock banks. Its daily average balance of corporate deposits stood at RMB3,298.679 billion, an increase of RMB356.375
     billion over the prior year-end. Specifically, the Bank’s balance of structured deposits accounted for 5.11% of the total, a
     relatively low level among joint-stock banks. During the reporting period, the cost rate of its corporate deposits was 2.09%,
     remaining lower than the average of peers, which showed that the Bank managed and controlled its cost of corporate
     deposits effectively.

     In active response to the state’s development strategies, the Bank implemented the state’s policies on supporting
     manufacturing, the real economy and private sectors, and fully facilitated maintaining security in six areas and ensuring
     stability on six fronts13. As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank’s balance of corporate loans was RMB1,974.999
     billion14, an increase of RMB200.354 billion over the prior year-end. During the reporting period, the Bank further
     intensified internal assessment and incentives, extended credit to its target fields and kept reducing enterprises’ financing
     costs and benefiting a broader customer base. As the Bank channeled credit resources into new infrastructure and new
     urbanization initiatives and major transportation and water conservancy projects as well as high-end manufacturing, newly
     granted credits to the sectors falling within categories of active support and support accounted for 73.21% of the total,
     and the closing balance increased by 1.50 percentage points over the prior year-end. Specifically, most of the new credits
     were granted to water, environment and public utilities management, with an increase of 27.70%, indicating remarkable
     improvement of the Bank’s total assets. To cope with the impact of the pandemic, the Bank extended anti-pandemic
     loans of nearly RMB200 billion in total to enthusiastically support enterprises concerned, which was widely praised at the
     market.




     13
          	The six areas refer to job security, basic living needs, operations of market entities, food and energy security, stable industrial and supply chains, and the normal
                  functioning of primary-level governments. The six fronts refer to employment, the financial sector, foreign trade, foreign investment, domestic investment, and
                  expectations.
     14
          	Including foreign currency loans converted to RMB and excluding discounted bills.



58   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                          Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




During the reporting period, the Bank registered net operating income of RMB84.404 billion in terms of corporate
banking, accounting for 45.46% of the Bank’s net operating income. Specifically, the Bank recorded net non-interest
income from corporate banking of RMB12.859 billion, accounting for 31.03% of the Bank’s net non-interest income.

3.5.1.1 Customer Management
To vigorously carry out the state’s overall plan for supporting the real economy, the Bank adhered to the customer-centric
philosophy, and fully supported the development of the real economy. To adapt to corporate banking transformation, it
pushed ahead with corporate customer management with the focus on system development, uplift in quantity and quality
improvement. First, the Bank leveraged its traditional advantages, strengthened cooperation with its core customers and
pursued chain marketing toward customers by extending marketing to the equity chain, fund chain and transaction chain
to expand its core customers. Second, it enhanced cooperation within and between segments, and optimized products
and promoted marketing to further improve product coverage and customer loyalty. Third, it intensified scenario-
based customer acquisition in batches centering on major business scenarios such as parks, education, medical care,
catering, emerging industries and supermarkets. Fourth, by giving full play to CITIC Group’s unique advantages in
“finance + industry”, the Bank further collaborated within CITIC Group to expand customers. Fifth, it enhanced digital
transformation, improved technical support, launched an online closed-loop marketing system, streamlined account opening
procedures and improved service quality. As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank recorded 825,300 accounts of
corporate customers. This number included 189,400 accounts of base corporate customers15, and 107,300 accounts of valid
customers16.

Strategic Customers
The Bank strengthened the leading role of the Head Office and branches in managing strategic customers, and established
a joint management model for strategic customers with “leading marketing, sharing risks, improving organization, and
linking performance” as the core. Through integrating front, middle and back offices, and coordinating the Head Office
and branches, the Bank provided customized support to 143 Head Office-level strategic customers, more than 1,400
strategic customers and their industrial chains at the branch level. Leveraging the collaboration advantages of CITIC
Group, the Bank customized differentiated comprehensive financial solutions, launched new supply chain financial
products, streamlined business process and allocated differentiated resources for each of the strategic customers. It also
established strategic cooperation with China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, Wuliangye Group Co., Ltd.,
Contemporary Amperex Technology Co., Limited and other customers, deepened operations in leading customers in key
industries such as medicine, internet, communications, electricity, automobiles, construction and Chinese Baijiu, provided
high-quality and efficient financial services for small and medium-sized enterprises on the industrial chains of strategic
customers.

During the reporting period, the Bank’s daily average balance of deposits from strategic customers 17 stood at
RMB1,181.781 billion, an increase of 21.16% over the previous year; and operating income reached RMB29.068 billion.
As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank’s balance of loans to strategic customers stood at RMB714.350 billion, an
increase of 13.37% over the end of the previous year, showing good overall loan quality.




15
     	Refers to corporate customers with daily average deposits of RMB100,000 and above. During the reporting period, the Bank adjusted the statistical scope of
            base corporate customers to meet the needs for corporate customer management. If the comparable scope for the previous year was applied, the base corporate
            customers would be 207,800.
16
     	Refers to corporate customers with daily average deposits of RMB500,000 and above. During the reporting period, the Bank adjusted the statistical scope of
            valid corporate customers to meet the needs for corporate customer management. If the comparable scope for the previous year was applied, the valid corporate
            customers would be 134,000.
17
     	Deposit balance, operating income and loan balance of strategic customers are counted according to the list of strategic customers adjusted and confirmed by the
            Bank. To boost data comparability, relevant growth rates are adjusted according to changes in the scope of customers.




                                                                                                                                               2020 Annual Report           59
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Institutional Customers
     The Bank unleashed its distinctive strengths in
     institutional business, continuously deepened
     its customer system, product system, marketing
     management system and team building system, and
     focused on building the brand of government financial
     services. During the reporting period, the Bank further
     deepened cooperation with institutional customers at
     all levels. It signed a framework cooperation agreement
     with the National Healthcare Security Administration
     and became the first commercial bank to launch
     the national medical insurance electronic voucher
     service. It also signed a Head Office-to-headquarters
     cooperation agreement with the National Financing
     Guarantee Fund, and secured important qualifications
     and accounts in a wide spectrum of fields, including
     public finance, social security, medical insurance and
     tobacco. While continuing to provide basic fiscal
     services, the Bank actively invested in local government
     bonds and provided special bond scheme design services to governmental clients. Focusing on the development mission
     of serving the government and people’s well-being, the Bank developed and launched the “CITIC Epidemic Control”18
     immediately after the COVID-19 outbreak, continuously pushed forward products including online fiscal services,
     electronic social security card, e welfare, fund management for bankruptcy cases, and expanded the coverage of products,
     offering comprehensive financial services to institutional customers and the general public these customers serve, which
     effectively enhanced customer cooperation stickiness.

     As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank recorded 43.1 thousand accounts of institutional customers19 of various
     types, with daily average deposits of RMB1,179.965 billion, up by 1.92% over the end of the previous year. It had
     RMB561.285 billion balance of loans for these customers, an increase of 22.74% over the end of the previous year. The
     Bank’s institutional customers had a 0.15% NPL ratio and recorded good asset quality in the overall sense.

     Small and Micro Enterprises Customers
     By adhering to the development philosophy of being “humane,
     mission-driven, considerate and benevolent” for inclusive
     finance, the Bank endeavored to build a “value inclusive”
     system, and facilitated high quality development of financial
     services for small and micro enterprises, which was widely
     praised by all sectors of the society.

     During the reporting period, the Bank continued to improve
     its systems and mechanisms, and determined that the Strategic
     Development Committee of the Board of Directors shall take
     charge of the development planning of inclusive finance. It
     established a steering group and working group for inclusive
     finance, set up inclusive finance departments at all tier-
     1 and tier-2 branches and built direct banking teams and
     dedicated customer manager teams. Through these efforts,
     the Bank further improved the development model featuring
     the integration of inclusive finance “policy, process, product,
     system, risk and brand” in the Head Office, and the centralized
     operation and management including “review, approval, disbursement and post-lending” in branches. With boosted
     innovation in products and services, the Bank provided more convenient online services through FinTech. Specifically,
     it improved its product system by developing online credit loans including “Logistics e-Loan” and “Customs e-Loan”.
     At the same time, it vigorously promoted first-time loans, medium and long-term loans, manufacturing loans and loan
     renewal without repayment, and established a “cloud service hall” on electronic channels such as portal websites and
     online banking. Additionally, the Bank improved its risk management system and policy, and worked faster to streamline
     its business procedures and iterate its intelligent risk control system. Based on the repayment willingness of customers, it
     improved the accurate customer profiles and assessment of customers’ repayment capacity. It deferred the repayment of
     principal and interest for enterprises with temporary difficulties following the market-oriented principle, on a sound legal

     18
          	“CITIC Epidemic Control” is a custom-made epidemic reporting and monitoring platform for enterprises and public institutions. It includes major functions
                 such as epidemic information collection, electronic pass generation, customized access control, questionnaire template maintenance and customization, and
                 information summary, statistics and exporting.
     19
          	Due to its need for management of corporate customers, the Bank reclassified the existing institutional customers and made corresponding regressive calculation
                 of the beginning base figures.



60   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                          Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




footing and on the premise of substantiality. Besides, the Bank strengthened internal control and compliance management
such as loan payment control, fund flow monitoring and anti-money laundering to improve the quality and efficiency of
risk management. It also provided more resource support. Implementing the weights in performance assessment as required
by regulators, the Bank directly tied the SME financial services and business indicators regarding inclusive finance to
the performance assessment of branch heads. What’s more, it defined risk tolerance requirements, and implemented the
policy on ensuring no one who has fulfilled their due diligence is held liable. Furthermore, it set up special-purpose funds,
expenses and subsidies to nurture inclusive finance through favorable policies.

As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of loans to small and micro enterprises20 was RMB781.133 billion, an
increase of RMB171.524 billion over the end of the previous year; the number of customers with outstanding loans was
169,000, an increase of 50,600 from the end of the previous year. The balance of inclusive finance loans meeting the
assessment requirement of the CBIRC21 reached RMB302.494 billion, an increase of RMB98.239 billion over the end of
the previous year, about 35.97 percentage points faster than that of other loans; the number of customers with outstanding
loans was 163,400, an increase of 50,000 from the end of the previous year. The asset quality of inclusive finance loans
remained stable, with an NPL ratio lower than the overall NPL ratio of the Bank. The overall cost of financing from the
Bank including loan interest for SMEs dropped steadily. The Bank’s balance of inclusive finance loans in line with the
assessment requirements of the PBOC on targeted RRR (Reserve Requirement Ratios) cuts22 was RMB325.088 billion, an
increase of RMB99.811 billion from the end of the previous year, accounting for 24.20% of the Bank’s new RMB loans,
which met the assessment standard of the PBOC that “the deposit reserve ratio shall be lowered by 1.5 percentage points
on the basis of the required deposit reserve ratio benchmark”.

3.5.1.2 Businesses and Products
Investment Banking Business
Upholding the philosophy of “professionalism in empowerment
and innovation for efficiency”, the Bank consolidated its
advantages in investment banking business, accelerated product
innovation and vigorously developed businesses and products
such as bond underwriting, syndicated loans, equity financing
and M&A financing, maintaining a relatively fast pace of
development.

During the reporting period, the Bank fulfilled its social
responsibilities in terms of investment banking, actively
supported manufacturing and new economy, facilitated
the fight against COVID-19 and served the real economy.
During the pandemic, the Bank made every effort to support
COVID-19 containment through 38 deals of anti-pandemic
bond underwriting worth RMB26.790 billion, and concluded
the first deal in seven provinces and cities including Beijing, Tianjin and Zhejiang. By virtue of its investment banking
highlights and market impact of major projects, the Bank won the “Gamma Award for Investment Banking as Universal
Bank” and “Gamma Award for Bond Underwriting” by Securities Times, the “Best Underwriter Award for Unsecured
Bonds” by Wind Info as well as the “Best Development Award” and the “Best Project Award” by the China Banking
Association (CBA). During the reporting period, the Bank achieved income of RMB8.906 billion from its investment
banking business, and granted new financing of RMB788.832 billion. It underwrote 986 debt financing instruments
totaling RMB630 billion, with both the quantity and amount ranking second in the market23.




20
     	Refer to the loans for small enterprises, micro enterprises, individual businesses, and small and micro business owners.
21
     	Refer to the loans for small enterprises, micro enterprises, individual businesses, and small and micro business owners with the total single-account credit amount
            of RMB10 million or below.
22
     	Refer to the small and micro enterprise loans, business loans for individual businesses and small and micro business owners, production and business loans for
            farmers, startup guarantee loans, consumer loans for impoverished people with established poverty files and cards, and student loans, with the single-account
            credit amount of less than RMB10 million.
23
     	Ranking based on Wind Info data.




                                                                                                                                                2020 Annual Report           61
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     International Business
     The Bank fully acted upon national policies in terms of its
     international business, adhered to its original mandate of
     serving the real economy and maintained stable business
     growth. During the reporting period, the Bank took seven
     measures, and opened green channels for imports and exports
     of supplies in support of the fight against the pandemic to
     ensure smooth cross-border settlement services. It signed a
     contract on strategic cooperation with China Export & Credit
     Insurance Corporation (Sinosure) to stabilize foreign trade
     through comprehensive services. Based on the free trade zones
     of Shanghai, Guangzhou and Haikou, the Bank built an FT24
     account system with nationwide impact, under which its assets
     witnessed a tremendous increase of 193.98% year on year.
     Among the Bank’s many achievements in digital transformation
     and innovation, the blockchain forfaiting platform became
     the largest blockchain trade finance platform in the domestic
     banking industry and was identified as a benchmark in the
     industry by the PBOC; its system for centralized foreign exchange collection and settlement for cross-border e-commerce
     led the segment field; the “Synergistic Settlement Financing”, an online loan product for SMEs, jointly launched with
     CITIC aiBank supported SME financing in an innovative manner.

     During the reporting period, the Bank’s forex purchase and sale recorded USD149.516 billion, a year-on-year increase of
     7.86%; its forex receipts and payments for international balance of payments registered USD256.893 billion, a year-on-year
     increase of 10.49%. Its cross-border Renminbi receipts and payments amounted to RMB325.180 billion, a year-on-year
     increase of 31.97%. The Bank’s indicators continued to be in the forefront of joint-stock banks.

     Transaction Banking Business
     The Bank took transaction banking business as an important
     pillar for transforming its corporate banking services, vigorously
     developed transaction banking business and promoted capital-
     light development and digital transformation.

     In terms of product development, the Bank pushed forward
     product innovation in an all-round manner. During
     the reporting period, the Bank launched multiple trade
     financing products and payment and settlement products
     to cover all types of corporate customers and major
     scenarios, and thus effectively met customers’ settlement
     and financing needs. It actively explored the application
     of payment and settlement in different scenarios and
     industries, formed five product systems of Treasury Manager,
     Account Manager, Collection Manager, Payment Manager
     and Mobile Manager, and launched a series of products such as “Small Change Treasure”, “Logistics Treasure” and
     “Fund Pool” that have been recognized in the industry. In terms of channel building, based on the three-dimensional
     development model of “new experience, new services and new channels”, the Bank released version 3.2 of its transaction
     banking which relied on corporate electronic channels to deliver more than 30 services including online payment
     and settlement, investment and financing management, supply chain management, inclusive finance and cross-border
     finance, realizing full coverage of online corporate banking services. It also launched version 2.0 of corporate mobile
     banking. The new operating interface enhances user interaction experience, and upgrades basic financial services such as
     account management, payment and settlement, investment and wealth management, and information services. In terms
     of service improvement, the Bank focused on improving differentiated services and response capabilities to enhance
     customer experience. It built a stratified, classified customer service system featuring “five levels and seven stars”25.
     Focusing on customers, the Bank set up a professional and efficient service team, provided personalized and integrated



     24
          	Namely free trade account, which refers to the local and foreign currency account following uniform rules and opened by financial institutions under the free
                 trade accounting unit according to the needs of customers.
     25
          	“Five levels and seven stars”is a multi-dimension and portrait system for stratified customer review which evaluates the customer’s comprehensive contribution
                 through star (7 stars as the top) and evaluates the customer’s potential through level (top as level 1).




62   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                       Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




financial service solutions, and continuously expanded the service radius, in a bid to further meet customer needs. It
also built an integrated operation system for transaction banking customer experience and response, and established an
online information exchange platform. By integrating the work order response process of the mobile operation platform
of transaction banking, online banking assessment center, customer service center and service process platform, the Bank
responded to customer demands in the first time, and significantly improved customer satisfaction.

As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank recorded 713,600 accounts of customers in transaction banking, a
growth of 17.56% over the end of the previous year. During the reporting period, the Bank registered trade finance of
RMB337.695 billion, an increase of 241.45% year on year; it completed 132,813,000 deals of transaction banking worth
RMB107.18 trillion, up by 36.62% and 65.66% year on year respectively. To sum up, the transaction banking business
achieved rapid business development.

Auto Finance Business
The auto finance business has remained a market leader since
the Bank introduced the business in 2000 as a forerunner in the
industry. As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank’s auto
finance business had 5,051 auto business customer, up by 901
over the prior year-end. The balance of outstanding financing
was RMB146.614 billion, up by 39.70% over the prior year-
end. During the reporting period, the loans of RMB378.298
billion were extended, a growth of 25.67% year-on-year, with an
overdue advance ratio of merely 0.01%, indicating sound asset
quality. The Bank’s auto finance business won it the honors of
“Enterprise for Innovative Auto Financial Services” and “Best
Bank for Auto Financial Services” for the seventh consecutive
year in the selection of “China Auto Golden Engine Awards”
by the China Automobile Dealers Association and 21st Century
Business Herald.

Asset Custody Business
Holding fast to the philosophy of “value-added custody business”, the Bank proactively integrated internal and external
resources, endeavored to deepen customer management and spared no efforts in the development of the custody business.
Specifically, it leveraged the advantages of its custody business platform, and provided asset management agencies
and corporate customers with basic custody services and value-added services from the perspective of capital, product
management and investment, thereby winning trust from customers. During the reporting period, the Bank vigorously
boosted key businesses such as mutual funds, occupational annuities and aging finance. It had 42 new mutual funds under
custody with a total amount of RMB76.552 billion, continuing to remain No. 3 in the banking sector and No. 1 among
joint-stock banks26. The Bank also made fresh achievements in occupational annuities. After winning the qualifications for
the custody bank of central and 25 provincial occupational annuities, it was once again selected as the custody bank of
occupational annuities in Guangdong Province, Shandong Province and Zhejiang Province. Moreover, the Bank’s custody
scale of aging finance exceeded RMB200 billion. Specifically, the custody scale of enterprise annuities exceeded RMB100
billion for the first time, amounting to RMB111.5 billion, ranked second among joint-stock banks27.

During the reporting period, the Bank recorded RMB3.365 billion of income from custody business with a scale of
RMB10.33 trillion, exceeding RMB10 trillion for the first time and representing an increase of RMB1,195.226 billion.
The custody accounts continued to beef up deposit growth, recording an average daily balance of deposits of RMB413.424
billion, of which the average daily balance of general deposits on the custody accounts was RMB131.090 billion.




26
     	Ranking according to the statistics released by the China Banking Association (CBA).
27
     	Ranking according to the statistics released by the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security.




                                                                                                              2020 Annual Report   63
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     3.5.1.3 Risk Management
     During the reporting period, the corporate banking business line of the Bank followed the “customer-centric” business
     philosophy, strove towards the goal of “better structure, distinctive characteristics, consolidated foundation and enhanced
     earnings” and adhered to the philosophy of high-quality and sustainable development. The Bank allocated assets from the
     dimensions of customer, region, industry and product, further integrated resources and optimized the asset structure through
     scale allocation, pricing subsidies, credit support, integrated services and synergy in a targeted manner, enhanced the capability
     of comprehensive customer management and achieved high-quality development of its corporate credit business.

     In terms of customers, the Bank took an active part in supporting strategic customers of both the Head Office and
     branches, and tapped deep into the growth potential of high-quality customers. It provided stronger credit support for
     private enterprises and small and medium-sized ones, and continued to boost inclusive finance business to address the
     problem of “difficulties and high costs of financing” of small and micro enterprises and private enterprises. Meanwhile, the
     Bank strengthened unified credit management and limit management and control over customers, and deepened the “name
     list system” management of high-quality customers to improve the overall quality of customers at the source. It also actively
     implemented the state policies to keep businesses and employment stable. For enterprises in temporary difficulties caused
     by COVID-19 or other factors, the Bank periodically deferred the repayment of principal and interest, so as to relieve
     enterprises, especially micro, small and medium-sized ones, from the financing pressure of repayment of principal and
     interest during the pandemic.

     In terms of regions, the Bank implemented the differentiated strategy for regional development. Credit resources were
     preferentially channeled towards the three strategic development regions, namely, Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Region, Yangtze
     River Delta and Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, to build core poles of profits with concentrated
     resources. It placed focus on branches in Xiongan New Area, the Belt and Road region, free trade zones and other
     strategically important regions of the state to identify industries with advantages there. Branches in other regions were
     guided to concentrate their limited resources to pursue high-quality projects with regional influence. In particular,
     branches in northeast and western China were led to seize excellent projects with local characteristics and consolidate the
     development strategy of “one policy for one bank” through list-based management, differentiated authorization and many
     other means of marketing and management. In regions with high credit risk, low-quality and poor-performance customers
     were reduced and credit risk mitigation was enhanced to increase the proportion of high-quality customers and strengthen
     risk resilience of assets.

     In terms of industries, the Bank effectively strengthened support for strategic emerging industries such as IT, medical care
     and advanced manufacturing, and promoted the optimization and upgrading of traditional manufacturing industry with
     the aim of serving the real economy. Seizing opportunities arising from the state’s policies, the Bank provided stronger
     financial support for the capital market including the SSE STAR Market as well as key fields such as new infrastructure
     and new urbanization initiatives and major transportation and water conservancy projects. On top of these, it explored new
     infrastructure such as 5G and industrial internet as well as emerging fields like online education and online medical care, so
     as to further tap the growth potential. Additionally, the Bank channeled financial resources to enterprises fighting against
     COVID-19 and those in distress in a targeted manner, and vigorously met credit demands in consumption for people’s
     livelihood to support the recovery of domestic demand and the consumption upgrading. Seizing the opportunity of the
     national efforts to expand domestic demand and stabilize foreign demand after the pandemic, the Bank vigorously bolstered
     infrastructure and new-type infrastructure construction, development of a new type of urbanization, public health and trade
     finance. At the same time, it implemented real estate related policies and regulatory requirements, acted upon the principle
     that houses are for living in, not for speculation, adopted differentiated policies in cities based on local conditions and
     strictly controlled the scale of real estate financing.

     During the reporting period, the Bank’s corporate loan asset quality remained overall stable, and NPL ratio went down
     compared with that in the previous year. As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank’s balance of corporate loans (excluding
     discounted bills) increased by RMB200.354 billion or 11.29% over the end of the previous year; and its NPL ratio was 2.46%,
     down by 0.29 percentage point over the prior year-end.

     3.5.2 Retail Banking
     During the reporting period, the Bank actively responded to the outside changes and seized the window opportunity for
     commercial banks to develop wealth management business. The Bank formulated the Opinions on the Transformation,
     Upgrading and High Quality Development of Retail Banking Business of China CITIC Bank which clearly defined the
     strategic development goals, direction and path with an ambition to be bigger, stronger and long lasting through digital
     transformation, and became customers’ first choice of wealth management bank as an expert at settlement, investment,
     financing, services and activities.




64   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                       Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




During the reporting period, the Bank’s retail banking business recorded                                       Net Operating Income of
net operating income of RMB77.473 billion, a growth of 12.54% from                                                 Retail Banking
the previous year, representing 41.73% of its net operating income. Net
non-interest income from retail banking recorded RMB21.187 billion,                                     Unit: RMB billion
an increase of 10.78% from the last year, accounting for 51.13% of the                                                         12.54%
Bank’s net non-interest income, up by 1.57 percentage points over the
previous year. As at the end of the reporting period, retail customers of                                                                77.473
the Bank recorded daily average AUM balance of RMB2,239.342 billion,
up by 13.34% compared with the last year.                                                                             68.840



3.5.2.1 Customer Management
The Bank continued to enhance its value-oriented customer acquisition
and management capabilities, improved retail customer management
system and achieved constant growth in the number of retail customers.

In terms of stratified management of customers, the Bank transformed
its customer acquisition mode from traditional agency payroll service via
outlets into “traditional customer acquisition + scenario-based customer
acquisition”, and improved the efficiency of batch customer acquisition
relying on the Group’s advantages in collaboration and digital capabilities.
It strategically promoted the basic customer acquisition centering on                     2019             2020
agency payroll and the number of agency payroll customers grew by 72.55%. And it explored new way of customer acquisition
“within three kilometers around outlets”, and strengthened development of 7 ecological scenarios of going abroad, travel,
housing, health, education, Party building and quality life. In addition, the Bank deepened the stratified management system
of customers to realize value addition from ordinary customers, wealthy and VIP customers to private banking customers
relying on channel coverage of “offline outlets + online mobile APP” with professional capabilities in stratified services. It
also subdivided key ordinary customers into groups to gain access of high-potential customers with digital technology; built
a closed loop of rich customer management system, and summarized and promoted business methods that could enhance the
value of VIP customers. It provided private banking customers with featured products of family trust and carte blanche asset
management to support value-added services as well. As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank recorded 111 million
accounts of retail customers, a growth of 8.49% over the end of the previous year; and 969,500 accounts of medium-to-
high-end customers28, representing a growth of 8.94% over the end of the previous year, among which 51,100 accounts were
private banking customers, an increase of 22.06% over the end of the previous year;

In terms of grouped management of customers, the Bank provided comprehensive financial and non-financial services
relying on ecological scenarios to key customer groups such as going abroad customers, elderly customers and business
travel customers, strengthening the brand image of a retail bank “with a human touch”. For going abroad customers, the
Bank gave top priority to building a going abroad financial service platform upholding the development concept of “creating
the featured going abroad financial product, establishing going abroad financial industry standards, and opening up going
abroad financial ecological services”. It launched online remittance products for overseas students that were not included
in the annual quota for foreign exchange purchases, and financial products such as MasterCard foreign currency debit card
and UnionPay cross-border cashback debit card; it actively opened a green channel for going abroad financial business
during the COVID-19 pandemic to provide convenient banking services for customers. For elderly customers, the Bank
upgraded and launched the “Happiness 1 + 6”29 service system, focusing on four major scenarios of health, entertainment,
studying and tourism, developed such popular services as chronic disease management, three-kilometer discount services at
supermarkets, special service hotline and courses for the elderly, which were fully recognized by the market and customers.
As regard to business travel customers, the Bank created a closed-loop operation of the business travel chain, expanded
promotion and important partner activity integration online, and cultivated business travel customers through airport
ecosystem offline to cooperate with airlines in membership and make explorations for full-chain services for membership
conversion and management based on membership co-management mode. In addition, the Bank improved the scenario-
based credit point and right system and card product system for business travel business; it launched the business travel
platform, formulated subdivision management strategies for the core, key, pan-business travel, potential customer groups,
etc., set the “flight + hotel” business layout, and carried out brand promotion activities. As at the end of the reporting
period, the Bank’s going abroad customers registered 7.6300 million, and the number of elderly customers30 was 16.0086
million, an increase of 16.32% over the end of the previous year. The Bank had 9.4 million business travel customers that
hold the Bank’s credit cards.

28
     	Refers to customers each having at least RMB500,000 daily average AUM with the Bank; private banking customers refer to customers each having at least
            RMB6 million daily average AUM with the Bank.
29
     	Refers to six “financial+ non-financial” service sectors including “Happiness + Wealth Management”, “Happiness + Health”, “Happiness + Education”, “Happiness
            + Privileges”, “Happiness + Accomplishment” and “Happiness + Tourism”.
30
     	Refers to customers aged 50 or over 50.
                                                                                                                                           2020 Annual Report          65
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     3.5.2.2 Businesses and Products
     Wealth Management Business
     Aiming to meet customer demands and improve customer experience
     as always, the Bank boosted sales of personal deposit products and
     growth of personal deposits by pursuing asset allocation concept. It
     further upgraded liability products, and added new features to the
     seven-day call deposits by launching “Weekly Privileges”, reserved
     purchase of time deposits and order push. It also improved customer
     experience in purchasing products via personal mobile banking, personal
     online banking etc., and provided customers with abundant deposit
     products. Moreover, the Bank further promoted the application of
     deposit products in different scenarios, and launched products such
     as “CITIC e Manager”, “Brokerage Manager” and “Escrow Profit” for
     customers of payment and settlement, second-hand housing transaction
     and third-party escrow services, respectively, aiming to obtain deposits
     for settlement purposes in multiple scenarios. As at the end of the
     reporting period, the balance of the Bank’s personal deposits recorded
     RMB822.016 billion, up by RMB72.994 billion or 9.75% over the end
     of the previous year.

     The Bank strengthened customer relationships and expanded its
     wealth management business in response to market changes and in
     line with customer needs. In terms of wealth management, the Bank
     implemented the New Regulations on Asset Management and achieved
     obvious results in the transformation towards net asset value (NAV) products. As at the end of the reporting period, the
     scale of existing NAV personal wealth management products meeting the new regulations accounted for 68.57%, up
     by 33.74 percentage points over the end of the previous period. As for agency fund sale, while closely tracking market
     changes, the Bank strengthened investment research capabilities by establishing investment research teams, and created
     a fund product selection system to allocate “fixed income+” and initial offering equity products meeting current market
     status for customers. During the reporting period, sales of non-monetary funds soared 189.91% cumulatively over the end
     of last year, and the Bank’s non-monetary funds increased by 96.96%. The Bank stepped up innovation in products, and
     launched Target Profit with automatic investment plan and stop-profit functions and CITIC Robo-Advisor (investment
     advisor version), becoming the first joint stock bank in China to officially launch fund investment advisory services. With
     respect to agency insurance, as at the end of the reporting period, cumulative agency sales of insurance products providing
     protection increased by 14.84% over the prior year-end.

     During the reporting period, the Bank diversified its private banking products. It launched equity products of leading
     private placement institutions such as Hillhouse Capital and Greenwoods Asset Management, sold FOF products, PE/VC
     products and real estate equity products, and made breakthroughs in standardized products of new types of institutions
     such as insurance asset management and trust companies. As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank recorded
     RMB505.222 billion of private banking products. The agency sales of private banking products amounted to RMB87.568
     billion, including sales of standardized products of RMB43.484 billion, up by 81.18% over the prior year-end, setting new
     highs. The standardized private banking products under agency sales stood at RMB60.791 billion, and non-standardized
     products RMB56.082 billion.

     Personal Loan Business
     Adhering to the concept of “Value Personal Loan”, and the role of personal loans as the “ballast stone” of the Bank’s asset
     business, the Bank promoted the balanced development of three key products, namely, personal housing loans, personal
     business loans and personal unsecured loans in an orderly manner, to support the development of the real economy and
     private economy and boost consumption upgrading.

     In terms of personal housing loans, the Bank continued to grant commercial personal housing loans in accordance with the
     real estate regulation and control requirements of governments at all levels in China. In terms of personal business loans,
     the Bank improved its product policies, specified operating standards, refined credit-extending functions, and adopted
     diversified credit-extending methods, thereby improving the convenience of customers’ fund using. Besides, it provided
     differentiated modes of repayment in addition to “loan renewal without repayment”. It also launched comprehensive


66   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                      Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




financing plans for small and micro enterprises, matched their actual financing demands in a flexible way and improved
efficiency of fund using, to facilitate the development of small and micro enterprises and the real economy. In terms of
personal unsecured loans, the Bank strengthened fraud prevention and control, improved layered customer groups and
implemented differentiated review and approval system. Besides, it improved the batch customer acquisition capabilities
in real scenarios through product innovation and scenario integration, and continuously promoted the development and
branding of standardized “Xin Miao Dai” (means CNCB instant loans), providing customers with easy and efficient access
to online self-service financing services. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of personal loans (excluding
credit cards) of the Bank was RMB1,365.515 billion, an increase of RMB187.772 billion or 15.94% over the end of the
previous year. The balance of commercial personal housing loans reached RMB898.133 billion, an increase of RMB137.887
billion or 18.14% over the end of the previous year.

Credit Card Business
Under the premise of compliant operation and risk prevention and
control, and focusing on consumption as the original source of business
growth, the Bank provided multi-dimensional value added products and
services closely surrounding customer demands. And it provided high-
quality interactive experience with differentiated and refined whole-
process services to fully safeguard customers’ interests and constantly
create value for them.

The Bank pushed ahead channel transformation in an all-around way
to create a model integrating customer acquisition and management,
deepened the transformation of the customer manager system, and
reshaped the customer interaction model to build the integrated
mechanism for customer acquisition and management. Besides, the
Bank expanded the capacity of platform to attract more customers by
upgrading “Mobile Card Space 7.0”, and pioneering the personalized
portal to achieve targeted recommendation for core business and
services. What’s more, by exploring crossover cooperative business, it
pushed deeper into cooperation with airlines in membership, and issued
“CITIC Bank Huawei Card” co-branded digital credit card for the first
time, which provides users with more convenient, intelligent and safe
experience in card application and usage within Huawei’s scenario and
ecosystem.

Under the premise of compliant operation and risk prevention and control, the Bank deepened the “capital light” strategy,
and continuously improved asset structure. During the reporting period, it continuously improved credit card installment
business, increased efforts in adjusting installment business and asset, and increased the share of bill and single transaction
installment in the business. Besides, the Bank expanded scenario-based installment, and drove customers’ installment
demands in diversified scenarios to create new drivers of business growth. At the same time, the Bank actively increased
income from “capital light” strategy, sped up the wealth management business layout, and continuously upgraded its
annual fee product system. It launched a new membership business model, expanded diversified consumption scenarios,
and continuously improved user experience.

As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank issued a cumulatively 92.6214 million credit cards, an increase of 11.16%
over the end of the previous year, and recorded RMB485.232 billion balance of credit card loans, a decline of 5.64%
over the end of the previous year. During the reporting period, the Bank’s credit card transaction volume stood at
RMB2,437.688 billion, a decline of 4.83% year on year; it realized RMB61.498 billion income from credit card business,
a growth of 1.64% year on year. In addition, the Bank actively promoted credit card asset-backed securitization (ABS)
business, and cumulatively issued RMB5.044 billion credit card installment ABS products during the reporting period.
It also disposed of RMB7.355 billion principal of non-performing credit card assets through non-performing asset ABS,
effectively accelerating asset turnover.




                                                                                                           2020 Annual Report     67
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Going Abroad Financial Services
     With the goal of “building into a going abroad financial service platform”,
     the Bank made efforts from the five directions of products, channels,
     integration, openness and management to speed up the development of
     going abroad financial matrix digital platform and constantly improve the
     digital ability of customer acquisition and management.

     The Bank provided customer journey service covering the whole life cycle
     from the customer’s perspective by introducing functions such as ticket
     and hotel bookings, overseas coupons, departure tax rebates and online
     processing of departure and entry cards to provide one-stop integration
     services. It deeply integrated going abroad “financial and non-financial”
     business resources, and built diversified business scenarios. In addition,
     the Bank launched going abroad financial APP, upgraded the products
     and operations on going abroad financial WeChat and Alipay mini
     apps, restructured all products and functions based on the latest user
     interface specifications of mobile banking, and strengthened intelligent
     recommendation service to comprehensively enhance multi-channel
     integrated service capabilities. It added visa and other feature functions
     on the basis of the existing going abroad financial platform to make more
     products online and digitalized, and comprehensively enhanced customer
     experience and market competitiveness. Furthermore, the Bank carried
     out professional cooperation with vertical service providers to enable users
     to enjoy the Bank’s services quickly and conveniently through external
     platforms, and worked with partners to acquire users, manage customers,
     enhance value and spark word-of-mouth.

     As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank recorded more than 7.63 million accounts of customers using its going
     abroad financial services, and the balance of assets under management (AUM) reached RMB995.482 billion, up by 13.77%
     over the end of last year. The corresponding balance of personal foreign-currency AUM was USD6.807 billion, in which
     the corresponding balance of personal foreign currency deposits with the Bank reached USD6.476 billion, an increase of
     15.45% from the end of last year.

     Ageing Finance Business
     During the reporting period, the Bank upgraded and launched the
     “Happiness 1 + 6” service system for elderly customers, and launched
     “Happiness +” Club and created a customer group management and
     service pattern with middle-aged and elderly customers as target customers.
     It provided services focusing on health (Health Bank), privileges (“three-
     kilometer ecosystem” discount services at supermarket near outlets),
     education (Elderly University), and tourism (elderly travel), developed such
     popular services as chronic disease management, three-kilometer discount
     services at supermarkets, special service hotline and courses for the elderly,
     and formed six “financial+ non-financial” service segments, namely,
     “Happiness + Wealth Management”, “Happiness + Health”, “Happiness
     + Education”, “Happiness + Privileges”, “Happiness + Accomplishment”
     and “Happiness + Tourism”, which were fully recognized by the market
     and customers. For the first time, the Bank participated in the selection
     of the national “Model Unit for Elderly Care”, and Guangzhou Branch,
     Chengdu Branch, Tianjin Branch Haihe Sub-branch and Chongqing
     Branch Luneng Xingcheng Sub-branch were selected on the list, making
     China CITIC Bank the bank with the most honorees and fully reflecting
     the Bank’s unique advantages in serving the elderly. Cooperating with
     China National Committee on Ageing, the Bank published the Financial
     Knowledge Manual for the Elderly which was included in the national
     population aging education series and as an assistant book for universities
     for the aged across the country, and won the award of “National Excellent
     Publications Recommended to the Elderly in 2020” by the Office of National Working Commission on Aging and China
     National Committee on Aging. The Bank also worked with experts on pension issues from Tsinghua University to hold live
     lectures on pension planning to raise public awareness of pension investment and planning. As at the end of the reporting
     period, the Bank had 16.0086 million elderly customers, with AUM balance standing at RMB1.28 trillion, up by 12.64%
     from the end of last year.


68   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




Agency Payment Business
The Bank strategically pushed forward agency payroll service through coordination between retail and corporate banking.
It created a closed-loop payroll business ecosystem for corporate banking customers, upgraded the “Easy Salary” open
agency payroll platform, launched six major ecosystem services in the field of intelligent HR and smart office that covering
intelligent salary sheet, smart Party building, employee health management and pandemic response services, and provided
one-stop salary service solutions. The Bank also launched advantage products such as Xin Xiang Card, Daily Gain, Target
Profit, Monthly Guarantee, selected savings and financial management products and “Xin Miao Dai” for retail banking
customers. As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank recorded 9,335,400 valid accounts of customers receiving its
agency salary payments through coordination between retail and corporate banking, an increase of 72.55% over the end of
the previous year, and it newly acquired 7,697 accounts of basic corporate customers based on such interaction.

3.5.2.3 Risk Management
During the reporting period, in accordance with the strategic goal of “expanding retail banking business and continuously
providing value contribution”, the Bank increased personal loan granting, improved service quality, and continuously
enhanced refined risk management with the goal of preventing and defusing risks and supporting business development in
its retail banking business.

Risk Management of Personal Loans
The Bank carried out mortgage business in an orderly and compliant manner centering on “income authenticity”,
vigorously promoted inclusive personal loan business around “real operation”, and actively supported scenario-based
consumption loans focusing on “actual consumption”. It identified and controlled credit risks before, in and after lending
all along and constantly strengthened the system building and the closed-loop lifecycle management.

In the pre-lending process, the Bank strengthened channel management and built a stratified management mode for credit
risk of products. The Bank implemented the closed-loop lifecycle management over cooperation channel in the aspects of
front office marketing, risk control, continuous evaluation, channel exit and so on. It adopted stratified credit risk control
for personal loan products based on the analysis of their core risk control logic and risk factors and steadily promoted the
“differentiated credit risk management” mode. In the lending process, the Bank continued to strengthen the ability of
credit risk identification and monitoring to improve its risk management and control. Based on effective historical data and
supplemented by third-party data, the Bank made full use of retail banking credit risk measurement methods such as credit
score model and business logic rule engine to effectively improve its capability on credit risk identification and management.
The Bank actively facilitated the steady running of the closed-loop management and operation system throughout its
personal loan process, and developed standard business templates to make business access, personal loan examination
and approval across the Bank more standardized and specialized. It improved the risk monitoring system, monitored and
analyzed risks for products, regions and cooperation channels, and accelerated iteration and updating of product policies
and processes. In the post-lending process, the Bank reinforced the use control, improved risk early warning mechanism,
and carried out post-lending management centralized at branches. The Bank reinforced the use control across the process
of personal loan business, strictly controlled the use of post-lending funds by means of automatic system monitoring and
manual in-depth investigation. It continuously improved the post-lending early warning mechanism and system building.
The Bank unified post-lending management at branches to further enhance the ability of risk management.

Affected by the pandemic and requirements of prudent management on classification of loan risks, both balance and ratio
of non-performing personal loans increased. As the pandemic got effectively controlled and the economy was recovering
in China, the asset quality remained stable and under control across the year. As at the end of the reporting period, the
Bank’s non-performing balance of personal loans (excluding credit card loans) recorded RMB9.217 billion, an increase of
RMB3.014 billion from the end of the previous year. The NPL ratio was 0.67%, up by 0.14 percentage point from the
end of the previous year.




                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report     69
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Risk Management of Credit Card Business
     The Bank’s credit card business made efforts to prevent and control risks, and improved the allocation of credit resources.
     It refined existing customer management, and promoted asset structure adjustment. It also lifted the level of data-driven
     intelligent risk control empowered by technology. Under the “total-process and thorough risk management”, the Bank
     made effective application of credit risk management tools and continued to improve measures of credit risk management
     to identify and control credit risks before, in and after lending all along.

     In the pre-lending process, the Bank improved the customer group structure. It acquired more high-quality customer
     groups, improved the access standards for high-risk customers, and tracked credit risk changes in new cardholders
     dynamically in a multi-dimensional manner by moving risk management forward to earlier stages, and through targeted
     identification of customers’ portraits, subdividing of customer groups, differentiated asset allocation and control strategy,
     etc., to guard against asset quality fluctuations caused by the COVID-19 crisis and risk existing among several platforms.
     In the lending process, the Bank continued to improve the asset structure. It fully scaled up consumer loans to give priority
     to consumers’ consumption needs, established a dynamic limit management mechanism, and restructured allocation of
     credit resources. Besides, the Bank strengthened the usage management of funds to put them into consumption use, and
     reinforced control over non-compliant credit card usages like money laundering, gambling and cash-out. In the post-
     lending process, it adopted various ways for non-performing assets disposal and write-off such as cash recovery, overdue
     loan write-off and non-performing asset ABS. In addition, the Bank actively explored new ways in batch transfer of credit
     card loan business and went all out to reduce pressure on non-performing loans.

     During the reporting period, asset quality in the credit card industry felt a shock from the COVID-19 outbreak, economic
     slowdown and some other factors. Nevertheless, the Bank took countermeasures in a timely manner and the monthly net
     increase of non-performing loans went down continuously as the pandemic situation has largely stabilized since the second
     quarter, effectively curbing the uptrend of non-performing loans. The Bank adopted a more stringent classification standard
     of loan risks under the principle of more prudent risk control. As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank recorded
     RMB11.561 billion in balance of non-performing credit card loans, corresponding to an NPL ratio of 2.38%, up by 0.64
     percentage point from the end of the previous year.

     3.5.2.4 Consumer Rights Protection and Service Quality Management
     During the reporting period, committing to a people-centered development philosophy, the Bank continuously
     strengthened the building of system and mechanism for consumer protection, reinforced the whole-process management
     and source control of all business links and systematically promoted the high-quality development of consumer protection
     from the system, team, process control, assessment and other perspectives. It established a regular meeting mechanism of
     the Consumer Rights Protection Committee headed by the President of the Bank, and revised 13 policies on consumer
     protection including the Management Measures of CITIC Bank for Consumers’ Financial Information Protection. Furthermore,
     it advanced the building of teams of part-time managerial officials and employees on consumer protection, and launched
     and popularized the application of a consumer protection examination system. Besides, the Bank improved the information
     disclosure and inquiry procedures for its products and services, and implemented and regularly monitored its financial
     marketing and promotion. What’s more, it established an inspection and data analysis mechanism for consumer protection
     to intensify the rectification of problems found and process optimization.

     The Bank attached great importance to the complaint management. It opened a green channel for customer complaints
     during the pandemic, and developed the Management Measures of CITIC Bank for Rapid Compensation of Financial
     Consumption Complaints to diversify financial dispute resolution mechanism. It also launched the project of digital
     complaint analysis and management system to carry out consumer protection and complaint management with the support
     of new ideas and technologies such as big data and artificial intelligence. During the reporting period, the timeliness ratio
     of first-call complaint handling at the Credit Card Center reached 100%.

     The Bank continued to increase financial knowledge dissemination and education in a bid to provide customer services
     with “a human touch”. Cooperated with PBOC, CBIRC and China Banking Association, the Bank carried out such
     activities as “March 15 Banking and Insurance Consumer Protection Awareness Week”, “Illegal Fundraising Prevention
     Awareness Month”, “Protecting Your Pockets with Financial Knowledge”, “Journey for Financial Knowledge” and “Financial
     Knowledge Education Month, Bring Financial Knowledge into Households, Being a Rational Investor and a Law-abiding
     Netizen”. During the reporting period, the Bank held more than 20,000 publicity activities and distributed over 6.6 million
     copies of publicity materials covering over 40 million customers.




70   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                      Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




3.5.3 Financial Market Business
Amid the raging COVID-19 pandemic and Sino-US trade frictions, the Bank adhered to the “profit-oriented, capital-
light development” strategy, constantly improved asset structure and expedited the asset turnover in developing its financial
market business. It actively carried out internal coordination within CITIC Group, deeply facilitated more cooperation
inside and outside the financial market business segment, and continuously improved customer management. Besides, the
Bank steadily advanced various business innovations, sped up digital transformation, and steadily promoted high-quality
and sustainable development to improve profitability remarkably.

During the reporting period, the Bank’s financial market business recorded an operating income of RMB21.466 billion, an
increase of 18.53% over the last year, representing a 11.56% in the Bank’s total operating income. Of this income figure,
non-interest net income from financial market business recorded RMB12.635 billion, an increase of 13.83% over the last
year, accounting for 30.49% of the Bank’s total net non-interest income.

3.5.3.1 Customer Management
The Bank continuously improved the integrated management system for interbank customers from aspects of system,
channel, brand, risk control, team and assessment, and further widened and deepened customer cooperation. During the
reporting period, the Bank formulated industry marketing guidelines and comprehensive customer financial service plans
for key industries and head customers respectively, thus continuously improving capability to serve interbank customers.
Besides, the Bank actively cooperated with interbank customers on multiple products such as bills, investment, capital and
custody, further strengthened online service support, and continued to develop new products and optimize functionalities
of the “CITIC Interbank+” platform, a key interbank financial service platform, resulting in constant improvement to
customer experience.

3.5.3.2 Business and Products
Financial Interbank Business
During the reporting period, the Bank carried out inter-bank business in the light of the strategy of “adjusting structure,
cutting cost, transforming business, expanding capacity, and controlling risks”, and coordinated internal and external
resources. It actively promoted digital transformation, proactively adjusted investment strategies, seized market opportunities
and controlled market risks, thereby achieving steady growth in operating indicators. As at the end of the reporting period,
the Bank’s balance of financial interbank assets (including deposits and placements with, and loans to banks and non-
bank financial institutions) recorded RMB253.228 billion, representing a drop of 6.79% over the end of the previous year;
and its balance of financial interbank liabilities (including deposits and placements from banks and non-bank financial
institutions) amounted to RMB1,174.146 billion, an increase of 18.01% over the end of the previous year.

During the reporting period, the Bank kept improving customer experience according to corporate customers’ financing
demand, and thereby helped improve financing efficiency for the real economy and markedly enhanced its ability to
serve the real economy. During the reporting period, the Bank’s volume of bill discount business reached RMB1,074.794
billion, surpassing 1,000 billion for the first time, up by 22.48% year on year to serve more than 10,000 corporate banking
customers, of which 3,367 or nearly 1/3 of them were manufacturing enterprises; and the average daily balance of bill
rediscounting reached RMB37.896 billion, up by 27.84% over the previous year, with all bills from small and micro
enterprises, continuing to provide low-cost financing channels for the real economy. The Bank actively participated in bill
business standardization and successfully developed 7 standardized bill products with an amount of RMB346 million. As
at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Bank’s bill assets amounted to RMB449.752 billion, representing
an increase of 14.66% compared with the end of the previous year. “Xin Miao Tie”, an innovative self-service electronic
discounted bill product, recorded 5,248 accounts of subscribed customers, and more than RMB20.477 billion discounted
financing, becoming an important means for the Bank to support inclusive finance.




                                                                                                           2020 Annual Report     71
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Financial Market Business
     During the reporting period, facing the complex and changeable market situation, the Bank rose to difficulties in financial
     markets business, and gave full play to its professional advantages. Following the working concept of “thinking more,
     trading frequently, preventing risks and bearing pressure” and adhering to the management strategy of “seizing trends and
     opportunities, and seeking profit from the market”, the Bank remarkably improved its risk management and control ability,
     and made new breakthroughs in economic benefits.

     Regarding to forex business, the Bank offered pertinent and multi-layer exchange rate risk management solutions to meet
     customer needs for financing and value preservation, hedging forex receipt and payment, cross-border M&A and securities
     investment by its innovative exchange rate product portfolios including forex trading, spot and forward forex purchase and
     sale, swaps, options and others. Thus, the Bank helped customers achieve value preservation and appreciation of their forex
     assets. During the reporting period, the Bank completed USD1.69 trillion31 forex market making transactions, up by 0.60%
     from last year, and continued to be among the top ones in the list of market makers on the interbank forex market.

     Regarding to bond business, the Bank earnestly fulfilled its social responsibilities, actively supported the development of
     the real economy, and invested in special treasury bonds and other bonds for COVID-19 control in its bond business. It
     gave a firm grasp of the market development driven by stable pandemic control and production and work resumption,
     took the initiative to adjust bond investment strategies, reasonably adjusted the portfolio duration, and flexibly changed
     investment varieties, thus increasing asset circulation and improving the investment return on bond assets. Besides, the
     Bank proactively reduced risk-weighted assets, optimized asset structure, and actively pushed forward the transformation of
     its asset light strategy. The return on its portfolio in trading accounts substantially outperformed the market as a result of
     the Bank’s strengthened market forecasting, effective gasp of market fluctuations, and timely revenue taking, making the
     Bank rank in the top of joint-stock banks, and effectively cementing its position as a core market maker in the interbank
     market.

     The Bank actively conducted money market transactions such as interbank Renminbi lending, borrowings and bond repos.
     While pushing ahead with innovations in trading mechanism, the Bank strengthened cooperation with peer customers,
     further broadened financing channels, improved the operating results of short-term capital, and thus consolidated and
     enhanced its position as a core dealer in the money market. During the reporting period, the Bank recorded a total volume
     of money market transactions of RMB25.29 trillion, and issued RMB735.200 billion interbank certificates of deposits, an
     increase of 36.98% over the previous year, taking a leading position in the market.

     As for precious metal business, the Bank focused on supporting brick and mortar companies along the gold industry chain
     and provided gold leasing services for them. At the same time, it actively fulfilled its responsibilities as a gold inquiry
     market maker on the Shanghai Gold Exchange, and provided liquidity for the market. During the reporting period, the
     Bank continued to diversify is gold proprietary trading strategies, appropriately improved risk appetite in proprietary
     trading, and actively seized market opportunities to increase profits through band operation.

     Asset Management Business
     During the reporting period, adhering to the “market-oriented, digitalized, platform-based, high value, high technology,
     high quality” positioning in its asset management business, the Bank made further progress in the transformation of
     the wealth management business towards NAVs. In accordance with the orientation of “managing other people’s wealth
     on their behalf as entrusted” in the New Regulations on Asset Management, the Bank enhanced refined management in
     aspects of custody, operation, transaction, information disclosure, compliance and risk control, strengthened the stratified
     management of customers and proactively met requirements on the investor appropriateness to build a long-effect investor
     protection mechanism. In the innovation of asset management business, the Bank always regarded whether it is conducive
     to supporting the real economy, preventing financial risks and protecting the rights of investors as the standard and
     principle to evaluate business. In addition, it carried out solid work in active risk management and allocation of general-
     category assets, improved quality and effect of asset management, strengthened the allocation of standardized bond
     assets and term match of non-standardized asset investments, and made appropriate arrangements in equity assets and
     international operations based on willingness and ability of customers to take risks so as to address the needs of customers.




     31
          	On December 31, 2020, 1 US dollar exchanges RMB6.5397.




72   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                        Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank’s (CITIC Wealth Management not included) balance of non-risk-bearing
wealth management products recorded RMB1,078.872 billion, in which the balance of NAV products in conformity
with the New Regulations on Asset Management reached RMB722.824 billion, accounting for 70.00% of the total. During
the reporting period, due to the big increase in new products and estimated profits of equity assets, the Bank’s wealth
management business realized income of RMB2.124 billion.

3.5.3.3 Risk Management
Financial Market Business
The Bank actively managed counterparty credit risk and bond asset credit risk. It made an in-depth analysis of the credit
market default scenarios, increased the frequency of re-inspection and self-examination of assets in key regions, key
industries and key companies, and adjusted the analysis, evaluation and review standards for credit bonds in appropriate
timing. The Bank also kept an eye on the changes in the credit qualification of investment portfolio to formulate measures
in detail, and sold relevant bonds in advance and in time. What’s more, the Bank increased investment in sovereign and
quasi-sovereign bonds such as central government bonds, local government bonds and policy bank bonds, and thus its
proprietary bond assets enjoyed excellent credit qualifications.

Asset Management Business
During the reporting period, the Bank further improved the comprehensive risk management model for the wealth
management business. The Bank focused on compliance risk, operational risk and reputational risk for the overall business,
ensured compliance with laws and regulations and regulatory rules, and established an effective internal control mechanism
to prevent damage to the Bank’s interest. In terms of products, the Bank placed emphasis on liquidity risk, performance
risk and information disclosure risk, and made solid efforts on investor appropriateness management to ensure that the
operation of wealth management products is in line with the requirements in the product manual. On the asset level,
the Bank placed importance on market risk and credit risk, and prompted the impact of related risks on the wealth
management products’ net worth. Besides, the Bank continued to improve the risk management reporting system, and built
and improved a risk reporting system comprising periodic reports such as weekly report on wealth management product
risk management and monthly (quarterly) report on comprehensive risk management, and non-periodical special reports.

3.5.4 Distribution Channels
3.5.4.1 Online Channels
During the reporting period, the Bank continued to develop an integrated ecosystem of online channels, so as to better
release the capacity of retail banking. It worked faster to build a multi-application ecological network where Mobile
Banking was the main service channel with WeChat Mini Program as a supplement, and realized interconnection between
the two APPs of Mobile Banking and Mobile Card Space after updating them to Version 7.0. Specifically, the updated
Mobile Banking was designed to change with customers’ demands with a total of six “1+5” exclusive versions. On top of
the standard version for the public, the Bank rolled out versions exclusively for five characteristic customer groups, namely
going abroad customers, elderly customers, private banking customers, small and micro enterprises and foreign customers,
to provide personalized services. During the fight against the pandemic, the Bank vigorously developed “contactless”
business models, and launched 19 key online businesses including video and audio recording sales32 of private banking
products, “CITIC Chat” in mobile banking, online interaction with customer managers and online services of personal
loans. Among them, online video and audio recording sales of private banking products accounted for 72.11% of the total
sales volume, and was thus granted the “Technological Pioneer Award in Fighting against COVID-19” for 2020 by the
China Financial Certification Authority (CFCA). Furthermore, the Bank built up a marketing matrix through new media,
and issued high-quality marketing content and micro TV series on Tik tok, WeChat Channels and others, covering all
internet traffic giants. As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank had 26,155,600 online monthly active users (MAUs)33.
Specifically, the transaction amount on Mobile Banking APP grew by 20.66% over the previous year, representing as many
as 99.54% of e-banking transactions.



32
     	Video and audio recording sales refer to the model where customers purchase exclusive private banking products (including asset management plan and trust
            plan, but excluding family trust) by means of audio and video recording through CITIC Bank’s mobile banking.
33
     	Monthly active users (MAUs) refer to the number of users using the mobile banking APP and Mobile Card Space APP in a month, and the growth rate is based
            on comparable data of the same criteria.




                                                                                                                                       2020 Annual Report          73
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     3.5.4.2 Physical outlets
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank had 1,405 outlets in 153 large and medium-sized cities in the Chinese
     mainland, including 37 tier-one branches (directly managed by the Head Office), 126 tier-two branches, and 1,242 sub-
     branches (including 37 community/small and micro sub-branches), plus 1,633 self-service banks (including onsite and
     offsite self-service banks), 5,687 self-service terminals and 6,703 smart teller machines. As such, the Bank has developed
     a diversified outlet pattern that consists of smart (flagship) outlets, comprehensive outlets, boutique outlets, community/
     small and micro outlets and off-bank self-service outlets. With its outlets basically covering all large and medium-sized
     cities in China, the Bank shifted its focus of domestic outlet establishment to layout optimization and profit improvement.
     Allocation of resources for outlet construction favored developed cities and regions such as Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou,
     Shenzhen, Hangzhou and Nanjing. At the same time, as an active response to the national “13th Five-Year Plan”, the Bank
     supported the economic development of key areas such as the free trade zones, special economic zones and new areas.

     In terms of the layout of overseas outlets, CNCBI, an affiliate of the Bank, had 34 outlets and 2 business centers in Hong
     Kong SAR, Macao SAR, New York, Los Angeles, Singapore and the Chinese mainland. CNCB (Hong Kong) Investment
     Co., Ltd. had 3 subsidiaries in Hong Kong and the Chinese mainland. JSC Altyn Bank had 7 outlets and 1 private banking
     center in Kazakhstan. In line with its 2017-2020 Plan for Overseas Development, the Bank moved forward to improve the
     management frameworks for human resources, businesses, systems, authorization, and performance evaluation of overseas
     affiliates, and promoted the approval for upgrading Sydney Representative Office and the application for establishing Hong
     Kong Branch as scheduled.

     3.5.5 Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures
     3.5.5.1 CIFH
     CIFH was incorporated in Hong Kong in 1924. It was acquired by CITIC Group in June 1986 and restructured to
     become an investment holdings company after its acquisition of the then Hong Kong Chinese Bank Limited in 2002. It is
     now a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, with an issued share capital of HKD7.503 billion. CIFH is the main platform
     for the Bank to conduct its overseas businesses. Its business scope includes commercial banking and non-banking financial
     services. CIFH conducts its commercial banking business mainly via its holding subsidiary CNCBI (in which CIFH holds
     a 75% equity interest), and conducts its non-banking financial business primarily via CIAM (in which CIFH holds a 46%
     equity interest).

     As at the end of the reporting period, CIFH had 2,442 employees, and recorded HKD394.244 billion in total assets and
     HKD52.520 billion in net assets, up by 8.70% and 1.93% from the end of the previous year, respectively. During the
     reporting period, CIFH realized net profit of HKD1.025 billion, down by 63.76% year on year.

     CNCBI: CNCBI is a whole-license commercial bank in
     Hong Kong SAR. Relying on its geographical advantages
     of being in the central city of the Guangdong-Hong
     Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, CNCBI continuously
     deepened coordination and cooperation with the Bank
     and CITIC Group, and made full use of its domestic
     subsidiaries as platforms to vigorously expand cross-
     border business. As at the end of the reporting period,
     income from coordinated corporate banking registered
     HKD1.052 billion, accounting for 27.17% of its total
     income from corporate banking business. During the
     reporting period, with the strong need of mainland
     Chinese enterprises for overseas financing and cross-
     border mergers & acquisitions, the debt capital market
     business team of CNCBI actively captured business
     opportunities, and realized HKD265 million in fee income, ranking 3rd among all Chinese institutions in Hong Kong in
     terms of the bond underwritten amount34.



     34
           According to the Bloomberg ranking of China offshore US Dollar bond underwriting. 




74   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                        Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




As at the end of the reporting period, CNCBI recorded an issued share capital of HKD18.404 billion, and posted total
assets of HKD391.544 billion and net assets of HKD47.568 billion, up by 9.07% and 2.41% from the end of the previous
year, respectively. During the reporting period, Hong Kong’s economy slumped due to the impact of COVID-19, and
cross-border activities with the mainland almost came to a standstill, so the inter-bank lending rate dropped substantially,
and net interest margin narrowed. Therefore, CNCBI realized operating income of HKD7.318 billion and net profit of
HKD1.156 billion for the reporting period, down by 12.41% and 58.87% year on year, respectively.

CIAM: CIAM is a cross-border asset management company. During the reporting period, CIAM actively communicated
with shareholders on the feasibility plan for project optimization and investment return realization, and reached a consensus
on the business and asset disposal plan for the next three years. While actively boosting reorganization, CIAM continued
to adjust the organization and strengthen the control of operating cost, continually improved team operation efficiency and
reduced operation costs.

3.5.5.2 CNCB Investment
CNCB Investment is an overseas controlled subsidiary of the Bank established in Hong Kong in 1984 with a registered
capital of HKD1.889 billion. The Bank holds 99.05% of the equity interest in CNCB Investment and CNCBI holds
the rest 0.95%. The business scope of CNCB Investment covers lending (it holds a Hong Kong money lender license),
investment (mainly including debt securities investment, fund investment, stock investment and long-term equity
investment, etc.), and overseas licensed investment banking business and domestic equity investment fund management
business via its own subsidiaries.

CNCB Investment, as the overseas investment banking platform of the Bank, aspires to develop itself into “a universal
overseas investment bank serving the parent bank and featuring strong empowerment, capital-light development and
outstanding performance”. It comprehensively rebuilt a cross-border marketing service system, improved service chains
of equity investment and fixed income business, accelerated the development of an overseas asset management center
and strengthened the support from middle and back offices. Hence, its businesses and operation management entered a
new stage. In terms of bond underwriting, CNCB Investment undertook much more deals, and was included in the list
of offshore dollar bonds underwriting of Chinese enterprise for the first time in 2020. Specifically, it was ranked tenth
in offshore dollar municipal bonds underwriting, up 13 places 35 over 2019. As for overseas asset management, CNCB
Investment proactively explored and developed a new asset management model. For example, it set up the first Blind
Pool Medical Fund, issued the first QDII (qualified domestic institutional investor) product that was sold at the Bank
through trust, established the first special account of discretionary asset management and served as the investment adviser
of structured funds. With respect to domestic asset management, CNCB Investment issued three active management
equity investment funds, and raised funds of RMB1.251 billion, realizing a historical leap. Moreover, with overseas
investment banking license, CNCB Investment established a bond underwriting team and completed its first deal of equity
underwriting, representing a formal start of share pledge financing (SPF) and bond trading businesses.

As at the end of the reporting period, CNCB Investment registered total assets equivalent to RMB19.746 billion, up by
1.77% over the prior year-end, net assets equivalent to RMB3.416 billion, down by 3.26% over the prior year-end, and
assets under management equivalent to RMB52.845 billion, a decrease of 39.00% over the prior year-end. During the
reporting period, due to the pandemic and fluctuations in the equity project valuation, CNCB Investment recorded net
profit equivalent to RMB-12 million.




35
     	According to the ranking in the statistical data of “Wall Street Trader”.




                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report     75
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     3.5.5.3 CITIC Financial Leasing
     Wholly owned by the Bank, CITIC Financial Leasing was incorporated in April 2015 with a registered capital of RMB4
     billion. As an important strategic layout for the Bank to serve the real economy, CITIC Financial Leasing pursues a
     business model featuring limited diversification, upholds the original mission of leasing, and continuously deepens
     transformative development.

     CITIC Financial Leasing proactively gained presence in strategic emerging industries, and endeavored to expand new
     business fields such as new infrastructure construction, high-end manufacturing, shipping, and medical care and health
     based on traditional business areas. During the reporting period, CITIC Financial Leasing realized a total lease grant of
     RMB19.451 billion, representing an increase of 78.30% compared with that in the previous year and setting a new record
     in the past three years. Specifically, the lease grants to manufacturing and new infrastructure construction in 2020 were
     RMB2.646 billion and RMB3.640 billion, accounting for 13.60% and 18.71%, respectively. As such, a scale effect was
     formed to support the development of the real economy. Besides, CITIC Financial Leasing, along with 18 branches of the
     Bank, implemented projects in collaboration granting lease of RMB9.995 billion, accounting for 51.39% of the total grants
     and representing a year-on-year increase of 42.22% demonstrating synergistic effect.

     As at the end of the reporting period, CITIC Financial Leasing recorded total assets of RMB53.291 billion, up by 6.08%
     over the prior year-end, and net assets of RMB6.306 billion, up by 4.33% over the end of the previous year. During the
     reporting period, CITIC Financial Leasing realized net operating income of RMB1.906 billion, an increase of 10.24% year
     on year, and net profit of RMB262 million, a decrease of 65.89% year on year. The company recorded return on equity (ROE)
     of 4.24%, return on assets (ROA) of 0.51%, a provision-to-loan ratio of 7.16%, and a capital adequacy ratio of 12.06%.

     3.5.5.4 CITIC Wealth Management
     CITIC Wealth Management was incorporated in Shanghai
     on 1 July 2020 with a registered capital of RMB5 billion.
     As a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, CITIC Wealth
     Management mainly engages in the issuance of wealth
     management products, investment and management of
     investor assets under custody and financial advisory and
     consulting.

     Since its incorporation, CITIC Wealth Management
     has constantly improved its product system layout with
     the focus on investor demands, and mainly developed
     products with less fluctuation and narrow fluctuating
     ranges, including monetary, pure bond and hybrid
     funds, which are line with the risk appetite of traditional
     banking wealth management customers. On this basis,
     the company stepped up efforts to develop “fixed income+” products for all-round product system innovation. At the
     same time, it closely followed regulatory policy orientations and industry dynamics, strengthened exchanges with its peers
     and invested more in product innovation. Besides, it vigorously expanded multi-asset products and equity products, and
     continuously rolled out characteristic products. In terms of personal products, the company upheld the philosophy of
     “inheritance, optimization, innovation and development”. Specifically, it inherited personalized advantages from previous
     products, optimized the product structure and launched products more targeted at private wealth management. As for
     corporate products, it created a customer-centric institutional solution system, vigorously explored the special account
     model and served strategic customers of the Bank in a coordinated manner.

     As at the end of the reporting period, CITIC Wealth Management registered total assets of RMB5.993 billion and net
     assets of RMB5.595 billion. During the reporting period, it recorded net operating income of RMB974 million, and net
     profit of RMB595 million. Its return on equity (ROE) was 22.46%. Moreover, the company rolled out new products of
     RMB39.892 billion meeting New Regulations on Asset Management. To sum up, its product scale was increased steadily,
     and transition to NAV-based wealth management products was promoted as scheduled.




76   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                 Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




3.5.5.5 CITIC aiBank
CITIC aiBank is a new type of internet bank jointly established by the Bank and Fujian Baidu Borui Network Technology
Co., Ltd., and officially opened for business on 18 November 2017. In November 2020, CITIC aiBank received the
approval on a new round of increase in capital and share from the CBIRC, and would bring in Canadian Pension Fund as
a new shareholder, after which its registered capital would increase from RMB4 billion to RMB5.634 billion with the Bank
holding 65.70% of the shares.

During the reporting period, CITIC aiBank overcame the impact from COVID-19 and its open banking development
mode was tested by the market, with the users reaching more than 51 million and inclusive loans granted reaching over
RMB300 billion. The asset management business expanded in a fast manner with the bank asset management product
agency business growing exponentially. The smart risk control iterated continuously and the risk control ability improved
dramatically. It introduced the first digital bank card, Baidu Quick Pass, achieving new results in shareholder collaboration.
It was selected as the pilot bank of PBOC’s “Regulatory Sandbox” twice in a row and and its “aiBank Intelligent Engine”
project was selected for Beijing’s top 10 financial innovation incentive program. CITIC aiBank applied for 77 patents and
77 software copyrights accumulatively.

As at the end of the reporting period, CITIC aiBank recorded total assets of RMB66.473 billion, up by 12.93% over the
prior year-end, total liabilities of RMB59.900 billion, up by 7.70% over the prior year-end, and net assets of RMB6.573
billion. During the reporting period, it realized net operating income of RMB1,723 million and net profit of RMB-388
million, respectively. With all major index meeting regulatory requirements, CITIC aiBank once again received an long
term AAA rating for entity credit from China Lianhe Credit Rating Co., Ltd.

3.5.5.6 JSC Altyn Bank
JSC Altyn Bank was formerly an affiliate of HSBC
established in Kazakhstan in 1998. In November 2014,
it was wholly acquired by the JSC Halyk Bank of
Kazakhstan, the largest commercial bank in the country.
On 24 April 2018, the Bank completed the acquisition
of a majority stake in JSC Altyn Bank. At present the
Bank holds 50.1% of shares in JSC Altyn Bank.

During the reporting period, despite severe external
pressure, JSC Altyn Bank was determined to fight and
win the battle against COVID-19, and made steady
progress in its business development by adhering to
its mission, with good operating results achieved. JSC
Altyn Bank received the inspection results from the
central bank of Kazakhstan, which concluded that
with stable operation performance, excellent asset quality, satisfactory capital adequacy ratios and risk indicators, as well
as a solid and reliable development base, JSC Altyn Bank helps further provide quality financial services to facilitate the
implementation of the Belt and Road Initiative. Meanwhile, JSC Altyn Bank was titled the “World’s Best Digital Banks
2020 – Best Digital Consumer Bank in Kazakhstan” by Global Finance.

As at the end of the reporting period, JSC Altyn Bank recorded share capital of 7.050 billion tenge36, total assets of
596.243 billion tenge, net assets of 71.919 billion tenge. During the reporting period, it realized net operating income of
27.266 billion tenge, net profit of 15.802 billion tenge, and its ROA and ROE stood at 2.75% and 25.13%, respectively.




36
       The rate on 31 December 2020 of tenge against Renminbi was 1:0.01551383.




                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report     77
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     3.5.5.7 Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank
     Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank, located in Lin’an District, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province, officially started operation on 9
     January 2012. It has a registered capital of RMB200 million, with the Bank holding 51% of its equity interest and another
     13 enterprises holding the rest 49%. Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank is mainly engaged in general commercial banking business.

     During the reporting period, in the face of severe tests brought by COVID-19 and the complicated and volatile
     environment at home and abroad, Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank reasonably formulated its development plan, risk management
     and internal control policies. According to a series of enterprise-benefiting measures issued by the CPC Central Committee,
     the State Council and the CBIRC, it earnestly implemented the fee reduction and profit concession policy, and launched
     the “renewal without repayment” service to support the resumption of work and production of enterprises. During the
     reporting period, Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank offered interest reductions of RMB11.6448 million to 536 loan customers, and
     the average interest reduction per customer was RMB21,700, with the rate of return on loans down by 106 BP from the
     beginning of the year. Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank supported the real economy with enthusiasm, implemented the inclusive
     finance and rural revitalization strategies, and increased credit extension meeting “two no-less-than and two control” 37
     target. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of agriculture-related loans stood at RMB940 million, representing
     an increase of 20.22% over the prior year-end and accounting for 59.77% of total loans. The balance of loans granted
     to small and micro enterprises was RMB1.227 billion, an increase of 24.15% over the end of the previous year. The
     proportion of loans to small and micro enterprises and that of loans to farmers and small and micro enterprises reached
     78.00% and 91.78%, respectively.

     As at the end of the reporting period, Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank recorded RMB2.341 billion total assets, RMB343 million
     net assets, RMB1.806 billion balance of customer deposits, and RMB1.573 billion combined balance of various loans, an
     increase of 26.20%, 7.86%, 25.07% and 22.99% over the prior year-end, respectively. Its capital adequacy ratio stood at
     23.10%, allowance coverage ratio was 403.88%, and the ratio of allowance for impairment of loans to total loans recorded
     4.34%. It realized a net profit of RMB36 million for the reporting period. In 2020, Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank ranked
     first among 73 rural banks in Zhejiang Province at the green credit performance evaluation of deposit-taking legal-person
     financial institutions conducted by the PBOC.

     3.5.6 Overseas Branch Business
     The Bank’s London Branch, upon approval of the Prudential Regulation Authority and the Financial Conduct Authority of
     the UK, opened for business on 21 June 2019 (local time) in London. London Branch, as the Bank’s first overseas branch
     directly managed by the Head Office, is mainly engaged in wholesale banking. It provides comprehensive financial services
     including deposits, lending (including bilateral loan, syndicated loan, trade finance and cross-border M&A finance), foreign
     exchange and payment settlement, and conducts money market and foreign exchange trading businesses.

     During the reporting period, London Branch conducted extensive business cooperation with domestic and overseas
     corporate customers and financial institutions, and continued to expand offshore RMB trading, corporate syndicated loans,
     cross-border M&A financing and other business areas. During the reporting period, it issued the first inter-bank certificate
     of deposits, and improved its financing structure. It handled foreign exchange transactions on the European time trading
     platform on behalf of the Head Office, allowing the Bank to operate a global 24/7 foreign exchange trading platform and
     make breakthroughs. For the first full business year, London Branch registered total assets of USD1.194 billion, an increase
     of 180.94% over the prior year-end, operating income of USD11.2386 million and pre-provision net profit of USD2.3416
     million. This means that London Branch realized pre-provision profit in the first full business year after opening. Relying
     on the advantages of London as an international financial center, the Bank will build London Branch into the business
     center of the Bank in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, the European treasury operation center, the international talent
     training center, CITIC Group’s overseas business coordination platform, and the Bank’s important overseas base to serve
     the Belt and Road Initiative.




     37
          	Pursuant to the Plan for Promoting Inclusive Finance Development (2016-2020) formulated by the State Council, “two no-less-than” means that lending to SMEs
                 should rise no less than growth in all loans year on year; and the number of small and micro borrowers in a year should be no less than the same period of the
                 previous year; and “two control” means reasonably controlling asset quality and the overall cost of loans to SMEs.




78   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                    Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




    3.6 Risk Management

3.6.1 Risk Management Structure

                                                                             Board of Directors                                                Board of Supervisors



                                  Risk Management
                                     Committee                                                         Audit and Related Party
                                                                                                    Transactions Control Committee
Board of Directors,
Board of Supervisors



                                                                   President and the President’s Office



                                     Risk and Internal
                                     Control Committee




                                                                                                                       Vice Presidents
                            Risk consultants                             Vice President of the Bank
                                                                                                                         of the Bank
                                                                        in charge of risk management




                                                                               Risk                 Compliance               Operation
                                                                                                    Department:             Management           General Office:       Audit
                                                                           Management                compliance/            Department:           reputational/
                                          Credit                                                       money-                credit risk          strategic risk     Department
                    Law and                                Credit           Department:
                                        Business                                                   laundering risk            (lending)
                  Preservation                            Approval        comprehensive/
                                       Management
                  Department:                            Department:       credit/market/
                                       Department:                                                  Asset and Liability
                 credit/legal risk                        credit risk       operational/                                                 Information Technology       Regional
                                        credit risk                                               Department: liquidity risk/           Management Department:
                                                                           concentration/             interest rate risk                                             audit centers
                                                                            country risk            in the banking book                information technology risk

Head Office



                                                                                                   Branch President
                                                                                                                                                       Board of directors
                                                                                                                                                        of subsidiaries


                                                                                          Branch                            Other                            Senior
                                                                                       risk director                    branch leaders                   management
                                                                                                                                                         of subsidiaries


Branches and
consolidated
subsidiaries
                     Law and          Credit Business      Credit             Risk                                    Relevant branch
                   Preservation        Management        Approval          Management                                   departments
                   Department           Department       Department        Department
                                                                                                                                                      Risk management
                                                                                                                                                         departments
                                                                                                                                                        of subsidiaries




                                                                                                                                                        2020 Annual Report           79
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     3.6.2 Risk Management System and Techniques
     During the reporting period, the global spread of COVID-19 exerted impacts bigger and longer than expected on the
     world economy. The Bank strengthened risk analysis and forecast, implemented the central government’s relevant policies
     and provisions, and took comprehensive measures to strengthen the management of risks of various types in a proactive
     manner. It improved relevant policies and procedures and cemented the duties of the three lines of defense. Meanwhile, the
     Bank continued to improve its responsibility system by accelerating the implementation of the principal responsible person
     mechanism and improvement of the policies on accountability for non-performing assets and due diligence exemption.
     It also pushed ahead with the implementation of the full-time approver mechanism, improved the review and approval
     standard system, and worked on more independent and professional approval. What’s more, the Bank strengthened the
     unified credit management and intensified the credit risk management of consolidated subsidiaries. It also enhanced the
     early warning and monitoring and the management of key customers at risks, and continued to improve the asset quality.
     It intensified the resolution of problematic assets and stepped up the disposal of non-performing assets. In addition, the
     Bank accelerated IT system improvement and upgrade, and advanced the improvement of its digital risk control system.
     The Bank also strengthened the building of a professional team for risk management and improved risk management in an
     all-out effort.

     The Bank continued to enhance its capacity for research and development of risk management technology, deepened
     the multi-level application of big data and artificial intelligence technology, and accelerated the digital transformation of
     risk management. During the reporting period, the Bank launched a unified risk view, developed regional and industry
     rating models, and created multidimensional portraits and uniform scoring models for corporate, individual and inclusive
     finance customers. It also used big data to conduct intelligent early warning and analysis, and continued to design online
     product and risk control system relating to transaction banking, auto finance, inclusive finance and retail credit. During
     the reporting period, the Bank strictly implemented various regulatory provisions, continued to put the large-value risk
     exposures under intensified management, and managed to control the limit indicators of these exposures within the scopes
     permitted by the regulators.

     3.6.3 Credit Risk Management
     Credit risk refers to the risk of a bank incurring losses in its business due to the failure of its borrowers or transaction
     counter-parties to fulfill the obligations specified in relevant agreements or contracts. The Bank’s credit risk mainly comes
     from various credit businesses, including but not limited to loans, guarantee, acceptance, loan commitments and other on-
     and off-balance sheet credit businesses, bond investment of banking account, derivatives trading and other businesses, as
     well as businesses with credit risk such as structured financing and financing wealth management. For details of the Bank’s
     risk exposures after the mitigation of credit risk asset portfolio and measurement of credit risk capital, please refer to the
     2020 Capital Adequacy Ratio Information Disclosure Report of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited issued by the Bank.
     For details on the credit risk management of various businesses of the Bank during the reporting period, please refer to “3.5
     Business Overview” of this report.

     During the reporting period, to adapt to changes in the market and policy environment, cope with the impact of
     COVID-19 and make loan monitoring and post-lending management more timely and effectively, the Bank established
     a risk monitoring mechanism for key customers, facilitated the all-round upgrading of the new-generation credit business
     system and strengthened the development of the early risk warning system. Specifically, it set up a long-acting risk
     monitoring mechanism for large-value key customers, under which it adopted list-based management of such customers
     and established a dedicated team to timely track the business dynamics, principal and interest repayment, major public
     opinions and other information of key customers. In this way, it managed loans close to their maturity and formulated
     contingency plans for risk mitigation to boost risk mitigation and disposal. In the meantime, closely following the trend
     in digital transformation, the Bank deepened technology empowerment, and upgraded its new-generation credit business
     system to realize full coverage of the Bank’s credit data system in terms of institutions, customers and products. It also
     enhanced information interconnection between the Head Office and branches as well as between segments of the Head
     Office by breaking information barriers and eradicating information dead zones, so as to push ahead with the intelligent
     transformation of the Bank’s risk control. Furthermore, the Bank vigorously promoted the development of the early risk
     warning system, enhanced warning management at an early stage and integrated risk information inside and outside the
     Bank. In addition, it established and improved the automatic early warning system based on big data to increase the
     effectiveness of early warning management and ensure risks can be identified and treated as early as possible.




80   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                      Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




3.6.4 Market Risk Management
Market risk refers to the risk of on-and off-balance sheet businesses of a bank incurring losses due to unfavorable changes in
market prices (including interest rate, exchange rate, stock price and commodity price). The main market risk confronting
the Bank includes interest rate risk and exchange rate (including gold price) risk. The Bank has established a market risk
management system covering market risk identification, measurement, monitoring and control. It manages market risk
through product access approval and risk limit management, and thus controls market risk within the reasonable range and
maximizes risk-adjusted returns.

During the reporting period, the volatility of the stock market, bond market and commodities market intensified. The
Bank actively conducted research and responded to market volatility, and made its market analysis more forward-looking. It
improved the market risk limit settings, dynamically adjusted market risk limits, and continued to conduct risk monitoring
and reminding. What’s more, the Bank revised policies on market risk measurement, stress testing and emergency response
plan management, thereby continuously improved the refined management of market risk, and strongly supported the
development of relevant financial markets businesses based on risk control. For details of market risk capital measurement,
please refer to Note 56 to the financial report of this report. For details of interest rate gaps and foreign exchange exposures
and sensitivity analysis, please refer to Note 55(b) to the financial report of this report.

3.6.4.1 Interest Rate Risk Management
Interest rate risk in the trading book
The Bank established a complete risk limit system for the interest rate risk in the trading book, set limits such as value at
risk, interest rate sensitivity and stop-loss at market value according to features of different products, and regularly assessed
the interest rate risk in the trading book through stress test and other tools, so as to control the interest rate risk in the
trading book within its risk preference. During the reporting period, affected by the pandemic, the downward pressure
on the domestic economy increased, the market liquidity was overall loose, and domestic bond market yields continued
to decline since early 2020. However, since May 2020, as economic indicators began to recover, the monetary policy
normalized and credit bond default went beyond expectations, bond market yields rebounded, with the 10-year central
government bond yield rising from 2.5% at the end of April 2020 to 3.14% at the end of 2020, up 1bp in the whole
year, and the market volatility intensified. US Treasury bond yields have declined significantly due to the impact of the
pandemic in the US, economic prospects and the US Federal Reserve’s loose policies, with 10-year Treasury bond yield
going down 99 bps in 2020. In response to the volatility in domestic and overseas financial markets, the Bank has scaled
up efforts in market research, effectively carried out risk monitoring and warning, continuously improved its market risk
limit system and prudently controlled the interest rate risk exposure in the trading book.

Interest rate risk in the banking book
Interest rate risk in the banking book is defined as the risk of loss in the economic value and overall earnings of the
banking book arising from adverse movements in interest rate, maturity structure, and other factors. It mainly consists
of gap risk, benchmark risk and option risk. The Bank manages its interest rate risk in the banking book with the overall
objective of observing its prudent risk preference principle and ensuring that overall risk exposures are controllable within
the Bank’s risk tolerance range. Relying on effective comprehensive risk management, the Bank established a sound
management system for interest rate risk in the banking book, including a multi-level risk management structure, risk
management strategies and processes, risk identification, measurement, monitoring, control and mitigation systems, internal
control and audit policies, information management systems, risk reporting and information disclosure mechanism, etc.

During the reporting period, facing volatile domestic and overseas market situations impacted by COVID-19, the Bank
closely followed changes in monetary policies and fiscal policies, strengthened the analysis and prediction of the trend of
market interest rate and the simulation analysis of customer behavior changes, and took forward-looking adjustment for
proper response. It applied gap analysis, sensitivity analysis, stress testing and other methods to monitor the risk exposure
level and changes from multiple dimensions such as re-pricing gap, duration, net interest income fluctuation (ΔNII)
and economic value of Entity fluctuation (ΔEVE). It also flexibly employed price guidance, duration management, scale
limit and other management tools to ensure the overall stability of the Bank’s interest rate risk exposures in the banking
book. With the further deepening of LPR reform, the Bank actively promoted the LPR conversion and realized the LPR
application for all of its outstanding loans. Taking the LPR reform as an opportunity, the Bank steadily reduced the re-
pricing concentration through contract revision, policy publicity and other measures. Under the above multi-dimensional
management measures, the Bank’s management indicators for interest rate risk in the banking book fell within the risk
tolerance range of the Bank during the reporting period.

                                                                                                             2020 Annual Report     81
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     3.6.4.2 Exchange Rate Risk Management
     Exchange rate risk refers to the risk of on-and-off-balance sheet businesses of a bank incurring losses due to unfavorable
     changes in exchange rates (including gold price). The Bank mainly measures the magnitude of exchange rate risk through
     foreign exchange exposure analysis. Its foreign exchange exposure mainly comes from the foreign exchange position formed
     through foreign exchange transactions and from foreign currency capital and foreign currency profits. The Bank manages
     exchange rate risk by reasonably matching Renminbi and foreign currency denominated assets with liabilities denominated
     in the same currencies and by making appropriate use of derivative financial instruments. For foreign exchange exposures of
     bank-wide assets and liabilities as well as foreign exchange exposures formed in foreign exchange settlement and sale, foreign
     exchange trading and other transactions, the Bank sets foreign exchange exposure limits to manage and control its exchange
     rate risk at an acceptable level. The exchange rate risk of the Bank was mainly subject to impacts of the Renminbi exchange
     rate against the US dollar. During the reporting period, the exchange rate of RMB against the US dollar increased after
     decline, and appreciated by 6.52% in 2020. The Bank actively responded to the fluctuations with continuous improvement
     of the measurement and management of foreign exchange exposures, strict control of the foreign exchange risk exposures of
     relevant businesses, and more intensive routine risk monitoring, forewarning and reporting. As a result, the Bank was able
     to control its exchange rate risk within the acceptable range.

     3.6.5 Liquidity Risk Management
     Liquidity risk refers to the risk that a bank is unable to obtain adequate capital in a timely manner and at reasonable cost
     to repay matured debts, perform other payment obligations or meet other capital needs for normal business. The Bank’s
     liquidity risk management aims to effectively identify, measure, monitor and control the liquidity risk at the legal person
     level and the Group level by establishing a science-based and sound system for liquidity risk management, and ensure that
     the liquidity demand can be met at a reasonable cost in a timely manner on the premise of complying with regulatory
     requirements.

     The Bank has set up a robust governance structure for liquidity risk management, which clearly lays out the division
     of duties among the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and the senior management and their subordinate
     specialized committees and the relevant management departments of the Bank, and explicitly defines the strategies,
     policies and procedures on liquidity risk management. The Board of Directors assumes the ultimate responsibility for
     liquidity risk management of the Bank, and shall review and approve the liquidity risk appetite, liquidity risk management
     strategy, important policies and procedures, etc. The Board of Supervisors is responsible for supervising and evaluating
     the performance of the Board of Directors and the senior management in liquidity risk management, and reporting to the
     general meeting of shareholders. The senior management shall take charge of specific management of liquidity risk, keep
     abreast of major changes in liquidity risk and regularly report to the Board of Directors. The Asset and Liability Committee
     of the Head Office shall perform part of responsibilities of the senior management under the latter’s authorization. As the
     leading department for liquidity risk management of the Bank, the Asset and Liability Department of the Head Office is
     responsible for formulating policies and procedures for liquidity risk management, measuring, monitoring and analyzing
     liquidity risk and other specific management work. The Audit Department of the Head Office is responsible for auditing,
     supervising and evaluating the Bank’s liquidity risk management.

     The Bank maintains a prudent liquidity risk level, implements a prudent, coordinated liquidity risk management strategy,
     and effectively identifies, measures, monitors and controls liquidity risk by gap management, stress testing, emergency
     drills and qualified premium liquid assets management. The Group has put in place a unified liquidity risk management
     framework. The Head Office is responsible for formulating liquidity risk management policies and strategies of the Group
     and its legal-person institutions, and for managing liquidity risk at the legal-person institution level in a centralized manner.
     All domestic and overseas affiliates of the Group are responsible for developing and implementing their own strategies and
     procedures for liquidity risk management pursuant to the requirements of competent regulators and within the Group’s
     master policy framework on liquidity risk management.




82   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                    Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




During the reporting period, the central bank pursued a prudent monetary policy in a more flexible and targeted way.
To coordinate efforts in containing the pandemic and supporting the economic development, the central bank applied a
variety of existing and new policy tools, employed approaches including required reserve rate cut, medium-term lending
facility, open market operation, lending and discounting, lowered policy tool rates, and created two policy tools directly
benefiting the real economy. It also strengthened cross-cycle management and structural adjustment, and maintained the
continuity, stability and sustainability of policies. The market liquidity was reasonable and abundant, the short-term fund
price showed a significant downward trend, and the medium and long-term fund prices fluctuated slightly around the
central bank’s policy rate after a rapid decline in the first half of the year. The Bank continued to strengthen liquidity risk
management. In accordance with the latest changes in the pandemic, policies and market conditions, the Bank coordinated
the management of assets and liabilities, and stepped up efforts in improving the total amount and structure of fund
sources and utilization, and maintained a dynamic balance of liquidity and efficiency. It also enhanced liquidity risk
measurement and monitoring, kept practicing liquidity risk limit management, and worked to make liquidity risk meeting
regulatory requirements. Moreover, the Bank reinforced active management of liabilities, and made overall plans for the
scale and timing of various fund sources with an overall consideration of quantity, price and maturity, so as to ensure the
smooth channels and diversified sources of financing and reasonably reduce the cost of proactive liabilities. In addition, the
Bank also improved routine liquidity management, reinforced market analysis and pre-judgment, and arranged funds in a
forward-looking manner, thereby improving the efficiency of fund utilization while ensuring the Bank’s liquidity security.
During the reporting period, the Bank reasonably set stress scenarios and conducted liquidity risk stress tests on a quarterly
basis, taking into account major factors and external environmental factors that may trigger liquidity risk. Under the mild,
medium and severe scenarios, the Bank’s minimum survival periods all exceeded the 30-day limit specified by the regulator.

As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s liquidity indicators continued to meet regulatory requirements. The
liquidity coverage ratio was 135.14%, 35.14 percentage points higher than the minimum regulatory requirement, indicating
that the Bank had an adequate reserve of premium liquid assets and strong capacity to withstand the short-term liquidity
risk, which is set out as below:

                                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                              Increase/
 Item                                                        31 December 2020           31 December 2019                      Decrease      31 December 2018
 Liquidity coverage ratio                                                135.14%                    149.27%              Down 14.13                     114.33%
                                                                                                                    percentage points
 Qualified premium liquid assets                                          823,822                    744,317                  79,505                     553,870
 Net cash outflow in the coming 30 days                                   609,593                    498,654                 110,939                     484,454

Note:   The Group disclosed relevant information on its liquidity coverage ratio in accordance with the Rules on Disclosure of Liquidity Coverage Ratio of Commercial
        Banks (CBRC Decree [2015] No.52).


The net stable funding ratio was 106.14%, 6.14 percentage points higher than the minimum regulatory requirement,
indicating that the available stable funding sources for the Bank could support the needs of sustainable business
development, which is set out as below:

                                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                      30 June                       Increase/Decrease over
 Item                               31 December 2020           30 September 2020                        2020       31 December 2019         Prior Year-end
 Net stable funding ratio                       106.14%                   105.17%                   105.75%                   105.85%        Up 0.29 percentage
                                                                                                                                                          point
 Available stable funding                     4,397,208                  4,145,207                 4,029,716                 3,887,038                 510,170
 Required stable funding                      4,142,676                  3,941,554                 3,810,648                 3,672,303                 470,373

Note:   The Group disclosed relevant information on its net stable funding ratio in accordance with the Rules on Disclosure of Net Stable Funding Ratio of Commercial
        Banks (CBIRC Decree [2019] No.11).


For relevant information about the Group’s liquidity gaps as at the end of the reporting period, please refer to Note 55(c)
to the financial report of this report.




                                                                                                                                           2020 Annual Report           83
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     3.6.6 Operational Risk Management
     Operational risk refers to the risk of losses resulting from imperfect or deficient internal procedures, employees and
     information technology systems and external incidents. It includes legal risk but excludes strategic risk and reputational
     risk. During the reporting period, the Bank continued to strengthen its operational risk control and intensified the daily
     management of operational risk. The Bank carried out operational risk and control assessment of 156 main business
     processes, established a stratified and layered indicator monitoring system, strengthened the upgrading of its operational
     risk management system, and improved the capability for in-process monitoring of operational risk. At the same time,
     the Bank continuously reinforced the mechanism for grading and reporting risk incidents, and conducted stricter risk
     screening on the business stages highly prone to operational risk. Moreover, it made further endeavors to establish a robust
     risk management system for its outsourcing business, strengthened daily management and risk assessment of outsourcing
     affairs, and organized outsourcing audits and inspections, thus effectively standardizing the risk management of cooperation
     with third parties. In addition, the Bank continuously built up capacity for emergency response, improved the business
     continuity management system, and enhanced the business continuity management of key technology projects, in major
     events and during the pandemic. In the meantime, it also further strengthened the prevention and control of information
     technology risks, and conducted comprehensive assessment and continuous monitoring of such risks. During the reporting
     period, the operational risk management system of the Bank operated stably, placing operational risk under control in the
     overall sense.

     3.6.7 Reputational Risk Management
     Reputational risk mainly refers to the risk caused by negative opinion of the Bank by stakeholders resulting from the
     Bank’s operation, management and other actions or external events. During the reporting period, the Bank strengthened
     the source management of reputational risk, and achieved progress in preparing contingency plans and mitigating risk by
     identifying potential risk points and intensifying research, forecast and early warning. At the same time, the Bank organized
     reputational risk management training and practical drills, and hence strengthened branches’ capabilities for controlling
     reputational risk and responding to public opinions. The Bank also continued to monitor public opinions on a daily basis
     and actively addressed the concerns of the media and the public. During the reporting period, the Bank steadily improved
     its reputational risk management and effectively maintained a good image and reputation.

     3.6.8 Country Risk Management
     Country risk refers to the risk of losses to the business or assets of the Bank in a country or region or other losses of the
     Bank caused by the inability or refusal of the borrower or debtor in the country or region to repay the Bank’s debts due to
     economic, political and social changes and events in the country or region. The Bank followed the principle of adaptation
     and continuous improvement in country risk management. It gradually improved country risk management policies and
     procedures, and formulated concrete methods and procedures based on its country risk management objectives, country
     risk exposure scale and business complexity, so as to effectively identify, measure, monitor and control country risk, and
     promote the steady development of its business. During the reporting period, the Bank continued to enhance country
     risk management in line with regulatory requirements and operating strategies, improved and reviewed annual country
     risk limits, and strengthened limit management of high-risk countries. It also regularly conducted country risk ratings,
     monitored changes in country risk exposures, carried out stress tests on country risk, and improved the emergency response
     plan for country risk, thus controlled country risk at an acceptable level.




84   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




3.6.9 Anti-Money Laundering (AML)
The Bank continuously strengthens the AML internal control management and improves the capability of money
laundering risk management in accordance with the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Anti-Money Laundering, the
Measures for the Administration of Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing by Banking Financial Institutions
and the Guidelines for Risk Management Regarding Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing in Corporate Financial
Institutions (Trial), as well as other laws and regulations regarding AML.

During the reporting period, the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and the senior management earnestly
performed the Bank’s legal person AML responsibilities, incorporated money laundering risk into the comprehensive
risk management system, and practiced an “all-employee, all-aspect and full-process” money laundering risk management
concept. The Bank further improved its AML legal person corporate governance, steadily pushed forward the key projects
of AML self-assessment and data governance, optimized the money laundering risk assessment mechanism for customers
and products, and built an assessment system for money laundering risk. It revised and refined the basic rules on AML
internal control management and the money laundering risk management policy, and specified the responsibilities of
directors, supervisors, senior management members, and institutions and personnel at all levels in respect of AML. It
gave full play to the decision-making role of the Anti-Money Laundering Work Leadership Group, promoted the “Three
Defense Lines” to perform their duties, and thus formed the synergy of AML management. During the examination of
the AML policy system, the Bank formulated and revised 10 AML rules. What’s more, the Bank incorporated domestic
and overseas institutions into the AML authorization system for unified management, and specified the AML approval
authority for high-risk areas and information protection. It focused on the AML review of “new policies, new products
and new systems” to give full play to the role of risk control at earlier stages. It also established and launched an AML
supervision mechanism to improve the ability to rectify violations and continuously improve the AML internal control
management. The Anti-Money Laundering Monitoring Center of the Bank ran smoothly, and completed the centralization
of monitoring of suspicious transactions in 13 branches, giving play to the advantages of intensive transaction monitoring.
The Bank moved ahead with the refined management of sanctions compliance, further improved the list-based monitoring
mechanism, and accelerated the building of a sanctions risk management system. What’s more, the Bank continuously
increased technology investment, improved the AML information system, and reinforced technology empowerment. It also
strengthened AML training for directors, supervisors, senior management members and employees at all levels, continuously
conducted internal and external AML publicity, and thereby supported the Bank’s AML performance.



   3.7 Material Investments, Material Acquisitions, Disposal of Assets and
       Equity and Restructuring of Assets

The meetings of the Board of Directors held on 27 June 2019 and 18 December 2019 reviewed and approved the Proposal
on Increasing Share Capital of CITIC aiBank Corporation Limited and the Proposal on Adjusting the Plan for Increasing Share
Capital of CITIC aiBank Corporation Limited. According to work needs, the Bank held a meeting of the Board of Directors
on 27 August 2020, which reviewed and approved the Proposal on Further Adjusting the Plan for Increasing Share Capital
of CITIC aiBank Corporation Limited. The Bank approved the adjusted plan for share capital increase of CITIC aiBank
and a capital increase of RMB2.027 billion in CITIC aiBank with proprietary capital. The adjusted plan for share capital
increase of CITIC aiBank was approved by the CBIRC (CBIRC Reply [2020] No. 770) in November 2020. As at the end
of the reporting period, the Bank and the two companies participating in CITIC aiBank’s share capital increase – Fujian
Baidu Borui Network Technology Co., Ltd. and Canada Pension Plan Investment Co., Ltd. had completed their respective
contributions to CITIC aiBank. After the completion of the share capital increase, the registered capital of CITIC aiBank
increased to about RMB5.634 billion, and the Bank held 65.70% of the total shares of CITIC aiBank. Please refer to “3.5.5
Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures” of this report for details of main businesses and profit/loss during the reporting period of
CITIC aiBank.




                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report     85
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     The meeting of the Board of Directors of the Bank convened on 13 December 2018 deliberated and approved the Proposal
     on Establishing CITIC Wealth Management Corporation Limited, giving consent that the Bank would establish CITIC
     Wealth Management Corporation Limited with proprietary fund. In December 2019, the Bank received the Reply of
     CBIRC on the Preparations for Establishing CITIC Wealth Management Corporation Limited (CBIRC Reply [2019] No.
     1095), approving the Bank’s establishment of CITIC Wealth Management Corporation Limited with a contribution
     up to RMB5 billion. In June 2020, the Bank received the Reply of CBIRC on the Opening for Business of CITIC Wealth
     Management Corporation Limited (CBIRC Reply [2020] No. 359), approving the opening for business of the Bank’s
     wholly-owned subsidiary CITIC Wealth Management Corporation Limited. CITIC Wealth Management was opened for
     business in July 2020 with a registered capital of RMB5 billion and the registered place in Shanghai. It is mainly engaged
     in asset management related businesses such as the issuance of public-offered wealth management products, the issuance
     of private-offered wealth management products, wealth management advisory and consulting and other related businesses.
     Please refer to “3.5.5 Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures” of this report for profit/loss during the reporting period of CITIC
     Wealth Management.

     The Bank’s investments in CITIC aiBank and CITIC Wealth Management are long-term investments, and none of the
     above-mentioned investments was involved in any litigation. Please refer to the relevant announcements published on
     the websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) for detailed
     information on the above investments.

     Except for those already disclosed and the day-to-day businesses such as transfer of credit assets that were involved in its
     business operation, the Bank was not aware of any other material investments, acquisitions, disposals or restructuring of
     assets that took place in the reporting period.



        3.8 Information about Structured Entities

     For relevant information about structured entities beyond the scope of the Bank’s consolidation of financial statements,
     please refer to Note 59 to the financial report of this report.




86   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors

    4.1 Principal Business

The Bank is engaged in commercial banking and related financial services.



    4.2 Profit and Dividend Distribution of Ordinary Shares

To give investors reasonable return on investment and help them develop stable expectation of investment returns, relevant
provisions of the Articles of Association of the Bank lay down explicit requirements on dividend policies of ordinary
shares such as the basis, principles, intervals, methods and conditions of profit distribution, highlight the cash distribution
as the preferred distribution method, provide for the minimum cash distribution proportion of no less than 10% of the
net profit attributable to equity holders of the Bank except for special circumstances and that the change of dividend
distribution policies shall be valid after being brought in writing, deliberated and passed at the Board of Directors meeting
and approved by special resolution of the general meeting. And these provisions also offer shareholders an online voting
platform for participation in voting for the proposals on distribution plans. Formulated in compliance with regulations,
through transparent procedures and with complete decision-making process, the Bank’s profit distribution policy has clear
criteria and proportion for profit distribution, fully protects legitimate rights and interests of its minority investors, and
meets the provisions set forth in the Articles of Association of the Bank.

The Bank has not distributed profit through transfer of capital reserve to share capital since its IPO. Cash dividend
distribution of ordinary shares of the Bank in the past three years is set out in the table below.

                                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                       Net profit
                                                                                                                     attributable
                                                                                                                     to ordinary
                                                                    Cash dividends                            shareholders of the
                                                                   every ten shares          Total amount of Bank as indicated
 Year for which dividends                                             (RMB yuan)              cash dividends     in consolidated                        Distribution
 were distributed                                                         (pre-tax)                 (pre-tax)         statements                           ratio (Note)
 2017                                                                           2.610                     12,772                     41,236                    30.97%
 2018                                                                           2.300                     11,255                     43,183                    26.06%
 2019                                                                           2.390                     11,695                     46,685                    25.05%

Note:   Distribution ratio is the ratio of the total amount of cash dividends for the current period to the net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank on
        the consolidated financial statements.


After-tax profit as shown on the Bank’s audited 2020 financial statements respectively prepared in accordance with the
PRC Accounting Standards and IFRS were both RMB47.767 billion.




                                                                                                                                                2020 Annual Report            87
     Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




     The Bank appropriated 10% of its after-tax profit as shown on the financial statements prepared in accordance with the
     PRC Accounting Standards to the statutory surplus reserve, with the accrual thereof recording RMB4.777 billion, and
     appropriated RMB9.208 billion to general reserve at 1.5% of the balance of risk assets as at the end of the reporting period.

     In comprehensive consideration of the Bank’s fiscal and capital position, the need to safeguard the Bank’s sustainable
     development and the more stringent regulatory requirements on capital adequacy, and in the light of the industry’s
     characteristics and development phase as well as the Bank’s profitability, the Bank plans to pay cash dividends to all
     ordinary shareholders based on the total shares as shown on the Bank’s register on the register date. And the cash dividends
     for A shares and H shares on the register will be RMB2.54 per 10 shares (before tax). Calculated according to the total A
     shares and H shares on register as at 31 December 2020, the total cash dividends of 2020 for ordinary shareholders will
     be RMB12.429 billion38, accounting for 27.04% of the consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the
     Bank.

     It is planed that the Bank will maintain the dividends per share unchanged and adjust the total dividends when there is
     a change in the Bank’s total shares before the register date. And these dividends shall be denominated and declared in
     Renminbi, and shall be paid to A shareholders in Renminbi and to H shareholders in Hong Kong dollar. The dividends to
     be paid in Hong Kong dollar shall be calculated in accordance with the average benchmark exchange rate of Renminbi to
     Hong Kong dollar as released by PBOC one week preceding the convening of the 2020 Annual General Meeting (inclusive
     of the date of the general meeting). No scheme for transfer of capital reserve to share capital will be applied for the current
     year. Retained undistributed profit after dividend payment shall be carried forward to the next financial year and continue
     to be used to replenish the Bank’s capital so as to maintain reasonable capital adequacy ratio. The Bank recorded a 10.11%
     return on weighted average equity attributable to its ordinary shareholders in 2020 and is expected to maintain a certain
     level of return and contribution in 2021.

     This ordinary share profit distribution plan (“the Plan”) complies with relevant provisions of the Articles of Association
     of the Bank and follows clear criteria and proportions of dividend payment. After sufficient discussion and consideration
     at the meeting of the Strategic Development Committee of the Board of Directors of the Bank, the Plan was submitted
     for deliberation at the meetings of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors convened on 25 March 2021
     and adopted afterward. It shall be submitted to the 2020 Annual General Meeting to be convened on 24 June 2021 for
     deliberation. It is expected that the Bank will pay the 2020 annual dividends to its ordinary shareholders within two
     months as of the adoption of the Plan by the general meeting. The Bank proposed to pay the 2020 annual dividends to
     H shareholders on 29 July 2021. Should there be any change thereof, the Bank will publish a separate announcement for
     disclosure. The record date and specific method of dividend payment to its A shareholders shall be announced separately by
     the Bank.

     The Bank’s independent non-executive directors have performed their due responsibilities in the decision-making process
     of the Plan and expressed their independent opinion on the Plan as follows: The 2020 ordinary share profit distribution
     plan of the Bank is consistent with the reality of the Bank and has taken the overall interests of both the Bank and its
     shareholders into consideration. We hereby endorse the Plan and agree to have the Plan submitted to the 2020 Annual
     General Meeting for deliberation.

     When the Plan is submitted to the 2020 Annual General Meeting for deliberation, the Bank will, as required by
     relevant regulatory requirements, offer investors online voting facilities and disclose voting results in accordance with the
     shareholding percentages of the voting A shareholders. The shareholding percentages are placed in the three ranges of
     below 1%, 1-5%, and above 5%. The shareholders with less than 1% shareholding will be further classified into the two
     categories of above and below RMB500,000 market value of shareholdings and their voting results shall be further disclosed
     accordingly. Minority investors have opportunities to fully express their opinions and demands, and the preparation and
     implementation of this Plan fully protects their legitimate rights and interests.

     For details of the profit distribution plan of ordinary shares of the Bank, please refer to relevant announcement published
     on the official websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) on
     the disclosure date of this report.




     38
          	Since the convertible bonds issued by the Bank are in the conversion period, the total cash dividends of ordinary shares actually distributed will be determined
                 based on the total share number as shown on the Bank’s register on the register date.




88   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                              Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




   4.3 Material Litigations and Arbitrations

The Group was involved in several litigation and arbitration cases in its ordinary and usual course of business. Most
of these litigations and arbitrations were initiated by the Group for loan recovery, and there were also litigations and
arbitrations resulting from disputes with customers. As at the end of the reporting period, there were 122 outstanding
litigation and arbitration cases (regardless of the disputed amounts) involved in the Group’s ordinary and usual course of
business where the Group acted as defendant/respondent with an aggregate disputed amount of RMB923 million.

The Bank is of the view that the above-mentioned litigations or arbitrations will not have significant adverse impacts on
either its financial position or its operating results.



   4.4 Appropriation of Funds by the Controlling Shareholder and Other
        Related Parties

There was no appropriation of the Bank’s funds by either the controlling shareholder or other related parties.
PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP has issued the Special Report on Fund Appropriation by the Controlling
Shareholder of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited and Other Related Parties with regard to appropriation of the
Bank’s funds by the controlling shareholder and other related parties in 2020. Please refer to the relevant announcements
the Bank disclosed on the official websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank
(www.citicbank.com) on the disclosure date of this report for relevant information.



   4.5 Material Related Party Transactions

When engaging in related party transactions with related parties during its ordinary and usual course of business, the Bank
executed the transactions with terms being no more favorable than those available to independent third parties according
to general business principles. For statistical details of the related party transactions, please refer to Note 58 to the financial
statement contained in this report. Except what has been disclosed under this sector, these related transactions constitute
no connected transactions as per Chapter 14A of Hong Kong Listing Rules. And the transactions constituting connected
transactions as per the Chapter 14A of Hong Kong Listing Rules all complied with the disclosure requirements under
Chapter 14A of Hong Kong Listing Rules.

4.5.1 Related Party Transactions Involving Disposal and Acquisition of Assets or
       Equity
During the reporting period, the Bank was not engaged in any material related party transactions involving the disposal and
acquisition of assets or equity under the Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.




                                                                                                              2020 Annual Report      89
     Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




     4.5.2 Credit Extension Continuing Related Party Transactions
     In line with the need for business development, and with approval from the 2nd Extraordinary General Meeting of
     2017 convened on 30 November 2017, the Bank applied to SSE for the respective annual caps on credit extension for
     related party transactions with CITIC Group and its associates, with Xinhu Zhongbao and its associates, and with China
     Tobacco and its associates from 2018 to 2020. In line with the need for business development, and with approval from
     the 7th meeting of the 5th session of the Board of Directors convened on 25 October 2018, the Bank applied to SSE for
     the annual caps on credit extension for related party transactions with Poly Group and its associates from 2018 to 2020.
     Subject to the regulatory requirements applicable to the Bank, the 2020 annual caps on credit extension for related party
     transactions with the aforementioned four parties under the SSE regulatory criteria came to the amounts of RMB150
     billion, RMB20 billion, RMB20 billion and RMB18 billion, respectively. In addition, the balances of the Bank’s credit
     extension to these four parties may not exceed 15% of the Bank’s net capital of the preceding quarter end as per relevant
     CBIRC requirements. All credit extension transactions between the Bank and the above-mentioned related parties followed
     general commercial principles and were executed with terms no more favorable than those available to independent third
     parties for similar transactions.

     The Bank attached great importance to the day-to-day monitoring and management of credit extension related party
     transactions and ensured lawfulness and compliance of such transactions by enhancing relevant measures such as more
     intensive process-based management, strict risk review and better post-lending management of related credit extension. As
     at the end of the reporting period, the balance of credit that the Bank and its subsidiaries extended to all related enterprises
     under the SSE regulatory criteria amounted to RMB35.826 billion, including RMB27.835 billion to CITIC Group and
     its associates, RMB7.072 billion to Xinhu Zhongbao and its associates, zero to China Tobacco and its associates, zero39 to
     Poly Group and its associates, and RMB919 million to related parties where the Bank’s related natural persons invested
     in or worked for. Under the CBIRC regulatory criteria, the balance of credit that the Bank and its subsidiaries extended to
     all related enterprises amounted to RMB75.198 billion, including RMB25.167 billion to CITIC Group and its associates,
     RMB26.424 billion to Xinhu Zhongbao and its associates, zero to China Tobacco and its associates, RMB21.351 billion40
     to Poly Group and its associates, and RMB2.256 billion to related parties where the Bank’s related natural persons invested
     in or worked for. Such credit extensions to related enterprises were of good quality in general, with one transaction being
     one substandard loan (RMB63 million), one being suspicious loan (RMB339 million) and one being loss loan (RMB920
     million), and all others being performing loans. As such, these credit extension transactions will not exert material impacts
     on the normal operation of the Bank in terms of transaction volume, structure and quality.

     The Bank stringently followed the SSE and CBIRC requirements on review and disclosure of credit extension to related
     parties. As at the end of the reporting period, there was no fund exchange or appropriation as set forth in the provisions
     of the Notice on Several Issues Concerning the Standardization of Fund Exchanges between Listed Companies and Their Related
     Parties and External Guarantees Provided by Listed Companies (as amended in 2017) (CSRC Announcement [2017] No.16)
     and the Notice on Standardization of External Guarantees Provided by Listed Companies (CSRC Release [2005] No.120).
     The related loans that the Bank extended to CITIC Group and its associates, Xinhu Zhongbao and its associates, China
     Tobacco and its associates, Poly Group and its associates, and the related parties where the Bank’s related natural persons
     invested in or worked for had no materially adverse impact on the operating results or financial position of the Bank.




     39
          	Mr. Deng Changqing resigned as a supervisor of the Bank on 1 December 2020. As Mr. Deng Changqing didn’t serve as director or senior management member
                 in Poly Group and its associates within 12 months before his departure as the Bank’s supervisor, Poly Group and its associates ceased to be the related parties
                 under SSE regulations. For other non-Poly Group-subsidiary enterprises where Mr. Deng Changqing served 12 months within his departure as the Bank’s
                 supervisor, the Bank manages them as related parties where its related natural person invested or worked.
     40
          	Mr. Deng Changqing ceased to be a supervisor of the Bank on 1 December 2020. From then on, Poly Group no longer constitutes a substantial shareholder
                 of the Bank under the CBIRC criteria, and Poly Group and its associates no longer constitute related parties of the Bank under the CBIRC criteria. Under the
                 CBIRC regulatory criteria, the Banks credit balance with Poly Group and its associates is the data as at 30 November 2020.




90   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                           Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




4.5.3 Non-Credit Extension Continuing Related Party Transactions
In line with the need for business development, and with approval from the 25th meeting of the 4th session of the Board
of Directors convened on 24 August 2017 and the 2nd Extraordinary General Meeting of 2017 convened on 30 November
2017, the Bank applied to SSE and SEHK for the annual caps on the seven main categories of non-credit extension
continuing related party transactions with CITIC Group and its associates for 2018-2020, and has entered into relevant
continuing related party transactions agreements on the board meeting day. In line with the need for business development,
and with review and approval from the 7th meeting of the 5th session of the Board of Directors convened on 25 October
2018, the Bank applied to SSE for the respective annual caps on non-credit extension continuing related party transactions
with Xinhu Zhongbao and its associates, with China Tobacco and its associates, and with Poly Group and its associates
from 2018 to 2020. In line with the need for business development, and with review and approval from the 32nd Meeting
of the 5th session of the Board of Directors held on 27 August 2020, the Bank revised the 2020 caps for non-credit
extension continuing related party transactions under comprehensive services with CITIC Group and its associates, and
signed the Framework Agreement on Continuing Related Party Transactions on the day of the meeting of the Board of
Directors. The non-credit extension transactions between the Bank and the abovementioned related parties followed general
commercial principles and were executed with terms no more favorable than those available to independent third parties for
similar transactions.

The Bank carried out continuing related party transactions with CITIC Group and its associates, with Xinhu Zhongbao
and its associates, with China Tobacco and its associates, and with Poly Group and its associates according to the applicable
provisions of Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and Chapter 10 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on the
Shanghai Stock Exchange. Particulars thereof are described as follows:

4.5.3.1 Third-Party Escrow Services
Third-party escrow services between the Bank and its substantial shareholders and their associates shall be delivered on
terms no more favorable than those available to independent third parties. The service fees payable to the Bank by its
substantial shareholders and their associates shall be determined on the basis of relevant market price and subject to
periodic reviews. The principal terms of the Third-Party Escrow Service Framework Agreement are set out as follows: (1)
to provide third-party escrow services in connection with the transaction settlement funds of the customers of different
securities companies; (2) the services to be provided under the agreement include but are not limited to funds transfer,
payment of interest and other settlement-related matters; (3) the service recipient shall, and will procure its associates to,
pay service fees to the service provider (if applicable); (4) the services to be provided under the agreement shall be made on
terms no less favorable to the Bank than those available to or from independent third parties.

During the reporting period, related party transactions on third-party escrow services between the Bank and its substantial
shareholders and their associates are as follows:

                                                                                                       Unit: RMB100 million
                                                                                          Annual cap in        Transaction
 Counterparty                              Business type          Basis of calculation            2020      amount in 2020
 CITIC Group and its associates                                                                      0.8               0.23
 Xinhu Zhongbao and its associates         Third-Party                                               0.5                   0
                                                                  Service fees
 China Tobacco and its associates            Escrow Services                                         0.5                   0
 Poly Group and its associates                                                                       0.5                   0

As at the end of the reporting period, none of related party transactions on third-party escrow services between the Bank
and the aforementioned substantial shareholders and their associates exceeded the corresponding approved annual cap of
the Bank.




                                                                                                           2020 Annual Report    91
     Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




     4.5.3.2 Asset Custody Services
     Asset custody services, account management services and third-party regulatory services provided between the Bank and
     its substantial shareholders and their associates shall be delivered on terms no more favorable than those available to
     independent third parties. The service fees payable to each other shall be determined on the basis of relevant market price
     and the categories of assets or funds under custody, subject to periodic review. The principal terms of the Asset Custody
     Service Framework Agreement are set out as follows: (1) to provide asset custody services and account management services
     in connection with financial assets or funds, including but not limited to, assets under management by fund companies
     (including securities investment funds), assets under management by securities companies, assets under management by
     trust companies, wealth management products of commercial banks, assets under management by insurance companies,
     equity investment funds, enterprise annuities, QDII, QFII, social insurance funds, welfare plans, funds of third-party
     transactions; (2) to conduct third-party supervising services, the service recipient shall pay the service fees and account
     management; (3) the service recipient shall, and will procure its associates to, pay service fees to the service provider; and (4)
     the services to be provided under the agreement shall be made on terms no less favorable to the Bank than those available
     to or from independent third parties.

     During the reporting period, related party transactions on asset custody services between the Bank and its substantial
     shareholders and their associates are as follows:

                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB100 million
                                                                                                     Annual cap in         Transaction
      Counterparty                                 Business type            Basis of calculation             2020       amount in 2020
      CITIC Group and its associates                                                                              16                 4.60
      Xinhu Zhongbao and its associates            Asset Custody                                                   2                    0
                                                                            Service fees
      China Tobacco and its associates               Services                                                      2                0.003
      Poly Group and its associates                                                                                2                0.001

     As at the end of the reporting period, none of related party transactions on asset custody services between the Bank and the
     aforementioned substantial shareholders and their associates exceeded the corresponding approved annual cap of the Bank.

     4.5.3.3 Financial Consulting and Asset Management Services
     The financial consulting and asset management services provided between the Bank and its substantial shareholders and
     their associates shall have no fixed prices or rates. The price and rate applicable to a particular service may be calculated
     on the basis of the scale, rate and duration of the service, and shall be determined through fair and reciprocal negotiations
     between the parties and on terms no more favorable than those available to independent third parties. The principal terms
     of the Financial Consulting Service and Asset Management Service Framework Agreement are set out as follows: (1) services
     conducted include but are not limited to bond underwriting, financing and financial consulting services, financial products
     agency sales services, asset securitization underwriting, entrusted loans services, underwriting of investment and financing
     projects, consulting services, and management of factoring receivables, collection of receivables and guarantee for bad debts,
     etc.; (2) the service recipient shall, and will procure its associates to pay service fees to the service provider (if applicable); (3)
     the services to be provided under the agreement shall be made on terms no less favorable to the Bank than those available
     to or from independent third parties.




92   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                             Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




During the reporting period, related party transactions on financial consulting and asset management services between the
Bank and its substantial shareholders and their associates are as follows:

                                                                                                              Unit: RMB100 million
                                                                           Basis of               Annual cap in          Transaction
 Counterparty                                Business type                 calculation                    2020        amount in 2020
 CITIC Group and its associates                                                                              55                  5.68
                                             Financial
 Xinhu Zhongbao and its associates             Consulting and                                                 5                  0.15
                                                                           Service fees
 China Tobacco and its associates              Asset Management                                               5               0.0007
                                               Services
 Poly Group and its associates                                                                                5                  0.03

As at the end of the reporting period, none of related party transactions on financial consulting and asset management
services between the Bank and the aforementioned substantial shareholders and their associates exceeded the corresponding
approved annual cap of the Bank.

4.5.3.4 Capital Transactions
The Bank and its substantial shareholders and their associates shall conduct capital transactions in their ordinary and usual
course of business according to applicable general market practices and on normal commercial terms. The prices and rates
applicable to such transactions between the two parties shall be the prevailing market prices with reference to the rates
generally applicable to independent third parties for similar transactions. Specifically, for foreign exchange and precious
metals transactions, precious metals leasing, money market transactions, bond transactions and other business, the two
parties shall price their transactions according to publicly available market prices; for agency settlement of bonds business,
the two parties shall decide on the rates thereof according to prevailing industrial regulations; and for financial derivatives,
transaction prices shall be fixed in accordance with factors such as the level of market activity of the underlying products,
openly available market quotes and the Bank’s requirements relating to the management of various risks. The principal
terms of the Capital Transactions Framework Agreement are set out as follows: transactions covered, including but not
limited to foreign currency and precious metals transactions, precious metals leasing, money market transactions, bond
transactions and agency settlement of bonds and financial derivatives transactions.

During the reporting period, related party capital transactions between the Bank and its substantial shareholders and their
associates are as follows:

                                                                                                              Unit: RMB100 million
                                                                                                     Annual cap in         Transaction
 Counterparty                        Business type           Basis of calculation                            2020       amount in 2020
                                                             Gains and losses of transactions                  15                 5.72
 CITIC Group and its associates                              Fair value recorded as assets                     25                 7.58
                                                             Fair value recorded as liabilities                45                 4.85
                                                             Gains and losses of transactions                  10                 0.06
 Xinhu Zhongbao and its associates                           Fair value recorded as assets                     10                   0
                                                             Fair value recorded as liabilities                10                   0
                                     Capital Transactions
                                                             Gains and losses of transactions                  10                0.007
 China Tobacco and its associates                            Fair value recorded as assets                     10                   0
                                                             Fair value recorded as liabilities                10                   0
                                                             Gains and losses of transactions                  10                 0.02
 Poly Group and its associates                               Fair value recorded as assets                    100                   0
                                                             Fair value recorded as liabilities               100                   0

As at the end of the reporting period, none of related party capital transactions between the Bank and the aforementioned
substantial shareholders and their associates exceeded the corresponding approved annual cap of the Bank.



                                                                                                                     2020 Annual Report   93
     Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




     4.5.3.5 Comprehensive Services
     Comprehensive services provided between the Bank and its substantial shareholders and their associates include but are not
     limited to medical insurance and enterprise annuity, procurement of goods and services, outsourcing services, value-added
     services, advertising services, technology services and property leasing. The Bank and its substantial shareholders and their
     associates shall apply prevailing market prices or applicable rates of independent third-party transactions to comprehensive
     services between them and shall determine the price and rate of a particular type of service through fair and reciprocal
     negotiations and according to applicable market price and rate. The principal terms of the Comprehensive Service
     Framework Agreement are set out as follows: (1) services conducted include but are not limited to medical insurance and
     enterprise annuity; merchandise service procurement (including conference hosting services); outsourcing services; value-
     added services (including bank card customers’ credit point services and electronic online banking services); advertising
     services; technology services and property leasing; (2) both parties of the agreement shall provide the services prescribed in
     the agreement; and (3) the service recipient shall pay the service fees to the service provider with respect to the services it
     provides. The services to be provided under the agreement shall be made on terms no less favorable to the Bank than those
     available to or from independent third-party customers.

     During the reporting period, related party transactions on comprehensive services between the Bank and its substantial
     shareholders and their associates are as follows:

                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB100 million
                                                                             Basis of                Annual cap in        Transaction
      Counterparty                                  Business type            calculation                     2020      amount in 2020
      CITIC Group and its associates                                                                             55                33.07
      Xinhu Zhongbao and its associates             Comprehensive                                                 1                 0.15
                                                                             Service fees
      China Tobacco and its associates               Services                                                     1                 0.05
      Poly Group and its associates                                                                               5                 0.13

     As at the end of the reporting period, none of related party transactions on comprehensive services between the Bank and
     the aforementioned substantial shareholders and their associates exceeded the corresponding approved annual cap of the
     Bank.

     4.5.3.6 Asset Transfer
     Asset transfer transactions between the Bank and its substantial shareholders and their associates shall be made on terms
     no more favorable than those available to independent third parties. The transfer prices payable by the transferee shall be
     determined according to the following principles: (1) for transfer of general assets, as per regulatory requirements, credit
     assets shall be transferred on the principle of entirety. When transferring a credit asset to the transferee, the transferor shall
     use the loan principal as the transaction price, make a parity transfer without discount or premium, and prioritize the
     consideration of post-transfer obligations to be performed by the transferor and the transferee in addition to the market
     supply and demand; (2) for transfer of assets in asset securitization, the Bank shall use the loan principal as the transaction
     price when transferring a credit asset to a related party. Except for securitization of non-performing assets, the Bank
     shall make parity transfers in general. In terms of the issuance interest rate of the asset-backed securities, the prioritized
     asset-backed securities’ issuance interest rate (with exclusion of the sections held by the originating institutions) shall be
     determined by the approach of single spread (Netherland Style) bidding or book building through the bidding system of
     China Central Depository & Clearing Co., Ltd., and the secondary asset-backed securities (with exclusion of the sections
     held by the originating institutions) are determined by the number of tenders or by the book building approach; and (3)
     where there is no statutory government-prescribed transfer price available at present for a particular asset transfer, once such
     statutory prices are available in the future, the concerned asset transfers shall be priced with reference to the government
     prescribed prices. The principal terms of the Asset Transfer Framework Agreement are set out as follows: (1) to buy or sell
     the interests in credit loan or other related assets (including but not limited to, directly or through asset management plan,
     asset securitization, factoring or other forms to sell corporate and retail credit loan assets, and inter-bank creditor’s rights); (2)
     the term of business under the agreement shall be made on terms no less favorable to the Bank than terms available to or
     from independent third parties; (3) the agreement shall specify the management rights of the credit loan and other related
     assets; and (4) undertake confidentiality obligations in respect of the asset transfer.




94   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                           Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




During the reporting period, related party transactions on asset transfer between the Bank and its substantial shareholders
and their associates are as follows:

                                                                                                      Unit: RMB100 million
                                                                                         Annual cap in        Transaction
 Counterparty                             Business type       Basis of calculation               2020      amount in 2020
 CITIC Group and its associates                                                                   2,300               9.70
 Xinhu Zhongbao and its associates                                                                  150                   0
                                          Asset Transfer      Transaction amount
 China Tobacco and its associates                                                                   150                   0
 Poly Group and its associates                                                                      150                   0

As at the end of the reporting period, none of related party transactions on asset transfer between the Bank and the
aforementioned substantial shareholders and their associates exceeded the corresponding approved annual cap of the Bank.

4.5.3.7 Wealth Management and Investment Services
The Bank and its substantial shareholders and their associates shall apply general market practices and normal commercial
terms in their ordinary and usual course of business. The Bank provides its substantial shareholders and their associates
with wealth management and investment services including non-principal-protected wealth management and agency
services, principal-protected wealth management, and proprietary fund investment, while its substantial shareholders and
their associates provide the Bank with intermediary services of wealth management, such as trust services and management
services. The transactions between the two parties shall be made through fair negotiations, determined in accordance with
normal commercial terms and conducted on terms no more favorable than those available to independent third parties,
in line with the categories and scopes of wealth management services, and with real-time adjustments made according to
changes in market price. The principal terms of the Wealth Management and Investment Service Framework Agreement
are set out as follows: (1) To provide wealth management and investment services, including non-principal-protected wealth
management services and agency services, principal-protected wealth management services, and proprietary fund investment;
and the related party shall provide the Bank with wealth management intermediary services, including trust services and
management services; (2) the related party shall pay service fees to the Bank with respect to the wealth management and
investment services provided by the Bank, while the Bank shall also pay service fees to the related party with respect to the
wealth management intermediary services; and (3) the services to be provided under the agreement shall be made on terms
no less favorable to the Bank than those available to or from independent third parties.




                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report    95
     Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




     During the reporting period, related party transactions on wealth management and investment services between the Bank
     and its substantial shareholders and their associates are as follows:

                                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB100 million
                                                                                                                              Annual cap      Transaction
      Counterparty                        Business type                           Basis of calculation                           in 2020   amount in 2020
                                          Non-principal-protected wealth
                                                                                  Service fees                                       50             10.34
                                            management and agency services
                                                                                  Period-end balance of principal in wealth
                                                                                                                                    160                0
                                                                                    management services for customers
      CITIC Group and its associates
                                          Principal-protected wealth management   Yield on wealth management services for
                                                                                                                                      6              0.06
                                             and investment services                 customers
                                                                                  Bank investment return and service fees            75              7.71
                                                                                  Period-end balance of investment funds           1,100           225.57
                                          Non-principal-protected wealth
                                                                                  Service fees                                        5                0
                                            management and agency services
                                                                                  Period-end balance of principal in wealth
                                                                                                                                    100                0
                                                                                    management services for customers
      Xinhu Zhongbao and its associates
                                          Principal-protected wealth management   Yield on wealth management services
                                                                                                                                     10                0
                                             and investment services                 for customers
                                                                                  Bank investment return and service fees             4              0.01
                                                                                  Period-end balance of investment funds             50                0
                                          Non-principal-protected wealth
                                                                                  Service fees                                        1                0
                                            management and agency services
                                                                                  Period-end balance of principal in wealth
                                                                                                                                     10                0
                                                                                    management services for customers
      China Tobacco and its associates
                                          Principal-protected wealth management   Yield on wealth management services
                                                                                                                                      1                0
                                             and investment services                 for customers
                                                                                  Bank investment return and service fees             1                0
                                                                                  Period-end balance of investment funds             10                0
                                          Non-principal-protected wealth
                                                                                  Service fees                                        3            0.0009
                                            management and agency services
                                                                                  Period-end balance of principal in wealth
                                                                                                                                     30                0
                                                                                    management services for customers
      Poly Group and its associates
                                          Principal-protected wealth management   Yield on wealth management services for
                                                                                                                                      3                0
                                             and investment services                 customers
                                                                                  Bank investment return and service fees             4                0
                                                                                  Period-end balance of investment funds             50                0

     As at the end of the reporting period, none of related party transactions on wealth management and investment services
     between the Bank and the aforementioned substantial shareholders and their associates exceeded the corresponding
     approved annual cap.




96   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                            Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




4.5.4 One-off Connected Transactions
During the reporting period, the Bank conducted the following one-off connected transaction under the Hong Kong Listing
Rules.

Entering into the Limited Partnership Agreement
CNCB Investment, a subsidiary of the Bank, entered into the Limited Partnership Agreement with Jiangyin Xingcheng
Special Steel Works Co., Ltd. (“Xingcheng Special Steel”) and other parties through Shenzhen Dingxin Private Equity
Investment Partnership (L.P.) (“Shenzhen Dingxin”) and Beijing Xinyin Hengtai Equity Investment Partnership (L.P.)
(“Xinyin Hengtai”) on 29 July 2020, establishing Jiaxing Goldstone Pengheng Equity Investment Partnership (L.P.)
(“Partnership”) to make equity investment in Xuzhou Construction Machinery Group Co., Ltd. (“Target Company”).

(1)   Date: 29 July 2020

(2)   Parties: Parties to the Limited Partnership Agreement are Goldstone Investment Limited, Sanxia GoldStone (Wuhan)
      Equity Investment Fund Partnership (L.P.), CITIC Securities Investment Limited, Xingcheng Special Steel,
      Shenzhen Dingxin, Ningbo Hanhai Qianyuan Equity Investment Fund Partnership (L.P.) and Xinyin Hengtai.

(3)   Purpose and Business Scope of the Partnership: Make equity investment in the Target Company in accordance with
      the agreement of the Partnership, and obtain investment returns for partners by acquiring, holding and disposing
      of the target equity and/or other interests of the Target Company. Without the unanimous consent of partners, the
      Partnership shall only make equity investment in the Target Company.

(4)   Capital Contribution: The total capital contribution by all partners to the Partnership shall be
      RMB1,484,656,876.28. The capital contribution to be made by each of the partners is as follows:

                                                                                                Capital
                                                                                           contribution
 Partner                                                              Type                 (RMB Yuan)        Percentage (%)
 Goldstone Investment Limited                                         General Partner         10,000.00             0.0007
 Sanxia GoldStone (Wuhan) Equity Investment Fund Partnership (L.P.)   Limited Partner    101,136,242.83             6.8121
 CITIC Securities Investment Limited                                  Limited Partner    276,693,176.51            18.6368
 Xingcheng Special Steel                                              Limited Partner    499,999,999.99            33.6778
 Shenzhen Dingxin                                                     Limited Partner    202,272,485.65            13.6242
 Ningbo Hanhai Qianyuan Equity Investment Fund Partnership (L.P.)     Limited Partner    202,272,485.65            13.6242
 Xinyin Hengtai                                                       Limited Partner    202,272,485.65            13.6242

(5)   Reasons for and Benefits of the Transaction: The Target Company is leading in engineering equipment industry of
      the PRC, with obvious advantages in industry status and core competitiveness. At present, the Target Company is
      carrying out mixed-ownership reform to introduce external investors. The establishment of the Partnership to invest
      in the Target Company has a bright prospect. The investment timing coincides with the upsurge of the industry.
      This round of industry recovery cycle is continuing. After the epidemic, the hyperscale infrastructure plan to be
      carried out by the country will directly drive the growth of industries such as rail transit and public facilities, and
      will indirectly promote the development of industries such as the construction machinery and cement and other
      building materials. In addition, Xuzhou Construction Machinery Group Co., Ltd., which the Target Company
      belongs to, is a strategic client of the Bank and has a deep business cooperation foundation with the Bank and
      CITIC Group. The Transaction is conducive to reflecting the Bank’s core role in providing comprehensive financial
      services and enhancing the Bank’s market influence.

(6)   Hong Kong Listing Rules Implication: As a subsidiary of CITIC Group, which is the de facto controller of the Bank,
      Xingcheng Special Steel is a connected person to the Bank under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore, the
      Transaction constitutes a connected transaction of the Bank under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report    97
     Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




     4.5.5 Related Party Transactions in Joint External Investment
     During the reporting period, the Bank did not have any material related party transaction arising from joint external
     investment with its related parties.

     4.5.6 Related Party Debt Transactions and Guarantees
     For details of related party debt transactions and guarantees between the Bank and its related parties, please refer to Note
     58 to the financial statements of this report.

     4.5.7 Transaction Balances and Risk Exposures of Related Natural Persons
     For details of the transaction balances and risk exposures relating to the transactions between the Bank and its related
     natural persons, please refer to Note 58 to the financial statements of this report.

     4.5.8 Confirmation by Independent Non-Executive Directors and the Auditor
     Upon review of the various continuing connected transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules made in the reporting
     period, the independent non-executive directors of the Bank confirmed that these transactions:

     (1)   were entered into during the Bank’s ordinary and usual course of business;

     (2)   followed general commercial terms; and

     (3)   abided by the terms and conditions of the concerned transaction contracts that were fair, reasonable and consistent
           with the overall interests of the Bank’s shareholders.

     The auditor obtained the list of continuing connected transactions from the Bank’s management. After completing relevant
     work in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (amended) “Assurance Engagements Other
     than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” issued by Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
     and the Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules”,
     the auditor did not find any of the following issues regarding the disclosed continuing connected transactions of the Bank:

     (1)   continuing connected transactions not approved by the Board of Directors of the Bank;

     (2)   pricing of connected transactions involving the provision of goods and services not compliant with the Group’s
           pricing policy in all material aspects;

     (3)   execution of connected transactions not compliant with the terms and conditions of the concerned connected
           transaction agreements in all material aspects; and

     (4)   aggregate value of various continuing connected transactions exceeding their respective annual caps disclosed in the
           announcements dated 24 August 2017, 30 November 2017 and 27 August 2020.

     The Board of Directors has confirmed the receipt of confirmation from the auditor on matters required by Rule 14A.56
     under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




98   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                          Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




   4.6 Material Contracts and Their Performance

4.6.1 Custody, Contracting or Lease of Material Assets
During the reporting period, the Bank did not have any material custody, contracting or leasing of any assets of other
companies that took place during the reporting period or that took place in previous periods but went on to the reporting
period; neither did other companies hold custody of, contract or lease any material assets of the Bank.

4.6.2 Material Guarantees
The guarantee business is one of the Bank’s regular off-balance sheet items. During the reporting period, the Bank did not
have any other material guarantee that needs to be disclosed except for the financial guarantee business that is within its
approved business scope.

              Special Explanations and Independent Opinions of Independent Non-Executive Directors
                        Concerning the Guarantees Provided by the Bank to External Parties

We, as independent non-executive directors of China CITIC Bank, have reviewed the guarantees provided by China CITIC
Bank to external parties in an impartial, fair and objective manner, and hereby express the following special explanations
and opinions:

We have verified that the guarantees hitherto provided by the Group to external parties were mainly letters of guarantee
(LG), which is one of the regular banking businesses within the approved business scope of the Group. As at the end of the
reporting period, the value balance of the letters of guarantee issued by the Group was equivalent to RMB119.741 billion.

The Group always attaches great importance to risk management of its L/G business. It has formulated creditability
standards of the guaranteed obligor, as well as the operation procedures and the review and approval procedures for the
guarantee business based on the risk profiles of the L/G business. During the reporting period, the L/G business of the
Group went well, free of any illegal guarantee. We are of the view that the Group has effectively controlled the risks
relating to its guarantee business.

                                     Independent Non-Executive Directors of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                   He Cao, Chen Lihua, Qian Jun, Yan Lap Kei Isaac

4.6.3 Entrusted Wealth Management
During the reporting period, the Bank did not have any entrusted wealth management transactions beyond its normal
scope of business.

4.6.4 Other Material Contracts
During the reporting period, the Bank did not sign any other material contracts beyond its normal scope of business.




                                                                                                        2020 Annual Report    99
      Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




         4.7 Undertakings by the Company and Its Relevant Stakeholders

      According to relevant CSRC regulations, the Bank proposed remedial measures regarding the dilution of immediate returns
      that may arise from the non-public offering of preference shares and the public issuance of A-share convertible corporate
      bonds and their listings on 30 October 2014 and 26 August 2016, respectively. These measures include: strengthening
      capital planning and management to ensure capital adequacy and stability; reinforcing asset restructuring to improve capital
      allocation efficiency; enhancing operational efficiency and reducing operating costs; improving the internal capital adequacy
      assessment process for better capital management; strengthening capital stress test and improving capital emergency
      response plans. At the same time, the directors and senior management members of the Bank also gave undertakings to
      effectively execute the remedial measures concerning the dilution of immediate returns on A-share convertible corporate
      bonds publicly offered on 26 August 2016. During the reporting period, the Bank was not aware of any violation of the
      above-mentioned undertakings.

      During the reporting period, the Bank was not aware of any other undertakings that were performed during the reporting
      period or overdue undertakings not yet performed as at the end of the reporting period by its de facto controller,
      shareholders, related parties, acquirers and the Bank itself or other parties that had given undertakings.



         4.8 Engagement of Auditors

      As per the resolution adopted by the 2019 Annual General Meeting, the Bank continued to engage PricewaterhouseCoopers
      Zhong Tian LLP as its domestic auditor and PricewaterhouseCoopers as its overseas auditor for the year 2020. The Bank
      has engaged these two accounting firms as its auditors since the 2015 annual audit. The two accounting firms have both
      provided audit services to the Bank for 6 consecutive years. Zhu Yu and Li Yan are the signing CPAs for the auditor’s
      report regarding the Bank’s 2020 financial statements prepared in accordance with the PRC Accounting Standards. And
      they have provided 4 and 3 consecutive years’ audit service for the Bank, respectively. Leung Wai Kin is the signing CPA
      for the auditor’s report regarding the Bank’s 2020 financial statements prepared in accordance with the IFRS, and he has
      provided 1 year’s audit service for the Bank.

      The Group paid audit fees (including those for its subsidiaries) equivalent to about RMB18.35 million, including RMB8.9
      million for the auditing of the Bank (of which, RMB800,000 was for auditing the internal control report) in total to
      PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP who audited its 2020 financial report prepared in accordance with the PRC
      Accounting Standards and its internal control report as at 31 December 2020 and to PricewaterhouseCoopers who audited
      its 2020 financial report prepared in accordance with the IFRS. The statements of PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian
      LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers regarding their responsibilities pertaining to the financial reports are set out in the
      auditor’s reports contained in the A-share and H-share annual reports, respectively.

      Except for the above-mentioned audit fees, the Group paid approximately RMB3.52 million to PricewaterhouseCoopers
      Zhong Tian LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers for their non-audit services (including professional services rendered for asset
      securitization).




100   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                           Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




   4.9 Amendment to the Articles of Association

The Bank reviewed and approved the Proposal regarding the Proposed Change of Office and Residence and Amendments to
the Related Terms of the Articles of Association of China CITIC Bank at the 1st Extraordinary General Meeting of 2020
held on 14 July 2020, and applied to the CBIRC for change of office and residence. In August 2020, in accordance with
the CBIRC’s reply and change of office and residence, the Bank amended the Articles of Association of China CITIC Bank
Corporation Limited, and filed the amendment with the CBIRC. Please refer to the relevant announcements published by
the Bank on the websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com)
for relevant details about the amendments to the Articles of Association. Investors may check against the full text of the
prevailing Articles of Association of the Bank on the above websites.



   4.10 Equity Incentive Scheme

The Bank did not have any equity incentive scheme in effect as at the end of the reporting period.



   4.11 Use of Funds Raised

All proceeds raised by the Bank were used to replenish the capital of the Bank and improve the capital adequacy ratios and
risk resilience of the Bank in accordance with the purposes disclosed in relevant documents including the prospectuses for
the IPO and the rights issue.



   4.12 Penalties and Remedial Actions of the Company and Its Relevant
        Stakeholders

On 9 May 2020, the Financial Rights Protection Bureau of the CBIRC released the Circular of the Financial Rights
Protection Bureau of the CBIRC on China CITIC Bank Infringing on Consumer’s Legitimate Rights and Interests (CBIRC
FRPB Release [2020] No.5), and initiated the case investigation procedure targeting at the statement that “China CITIC
Bank provided transaction details of personal bank accounts without obtaining the authority of customers”. As at the end
of the reporting period, the CBIRC hasn’t released the conclusion of relevant investigation yet.

Save as disclosed above, to the best knowledge of the Bank, during the reporting period, neither the Bank nor any of its
incumbent directors, supervisors, senior management members, controlling shareholder or de facto controller had any
record of being subject to investigation by competent authorities or coercive measures by judicial bodies or disciplinary
bodies, transfer to judicial bodies or accountability of criminal liabilities, case investigation or administrative penalties
by CSRC, ban of entry into securities markets, being identified as inappropriate candidates, material administrative
punishments by environmental protection, work safety, taxation or other administrative authorities, or public censure
by any stock exchange; nor was the Bank subject to regulatory and administrative measures or requirements for remedial
actions within prescribed time limits by CSRC or its dispatched agencies.

During the reporting period, the Bank conducted its business activities in accordance with laws and complied with the
provisions of relevant laws, regulations and its Articles of Association in its decision-making procedures. Its directors,
supervisors and senior management members all performed their due diligence. The Bank was not aware of any conduct on
the part of the directors, supervisors and senior management members in their normal course of duty performance that was
in violation of relevant laws, regulations and its Articles of Association or detrimental to the interests of the Bank.




                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report     101
      Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




         4.13 Integrity of the Company and Its Relevant Stakeholders

      During the reporting period, none of the Bank, its controlling shareholder or its de facto controller was involved in
      rejection to execute valid court verdicts or failure to repay matured debts of considerable amounts.



         4.14 Reserves

      For details on changes in the reserves of the Bank as at the end of the reporting period, please refer to Notes 44-47 to the
      financial statements contained in this report.



         4.15 Properties

      For details of the changes in the Bank’s properties as at the end of the reporting period, please refer to Note 27 to the
      financial statements contained in this report.



         4.16 Post Balance Sheet Events

      For details of the Bank post balance sheet events as at the end of the reporting period, please refer to Note 64 to the
      financial statements contained in this report.



         4.17 Management Contracts

      During the reporting period, the Bank did not enter into any contracts for the administrative management of its overall
      business or major businesses.



         4.18 Distributable Reserves

      For details on distributable reserves of the Bank, please refer to “Financial Statements — Consolidated Statement on
      Changes in Shareholders’ Interests” contained in this report.




102   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                            Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




   4.19 Donations

During the reporting period, the Group paid back to society with enthusiasm in strict accordance with the Charity Law of
the People’s Republic of China and other applicable laws and regulations, tilting its donations to areas in the greatest need of
help. During the reporting period, the Group made donations of RMB78.1564 million, an increase of 146.87% over the
previous year. These donations were mainly used for pandemic prevention, poverty alleviation, education assistance, disaster
relief and financial aid to the vulnerable groups. During the reporting period, the Group recorded employee donation of
RMB3.8328 million, an increase of 224.04%, total tax payment of RMB33.893 billion, and a social contribution value per
share of RMB5.25.



   4.20 Fixed Assets

For details on changes in the Bank’s fixed assets as at the end of the reporting period, please refer to Note 27 to the
financial statements contained in this report.



   4.21 Retirement and Benefits

The Bank paid contributions to the basic old-age pension schemes for its employees pursuant to relevant national laws,
regulations and policies. The amounts of basic pension contributions were determined by employee salaries and locally
defined contribution rates. In addition, the Bank established enterprise annuity plans for its employees with contribution
rate set at 7% of employee salary income.

For details on retirement benefits that the Bank provided for its employees, please refer to Note 37 to the financial
statements contained in this report.



   4.22 Share Capital and Public Float

For details on changes in the Bank’s share capital during the reporting period, please refer to Note 42 to the financial
statements contained in this report. Pursuant to publicly available information, the Board of Directors of the Bank was of
the view that the Bank had sufficient public float as at the disclosure date of the report.



   4.23 Purchase, Sale or Redemption of Shares

During the reporting period, neither the Bank nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any shares of the
Bank.




                                                                                                            2020 Annual Report     103
      Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




         4.24 Pre-emptive Rights

      None of PRC laws, administrative regulations and ministerial rules, and the Articles of Association of the Bank contain
      any mandatory provisions on pre-emptive rights for purchase of shares. According to its Articles of Association, the Bank
      may increase its registered capital by way of public offering or private offering of ordinary shares, right allocation to the
      existing ordinary shareholders, new shares issuance to the existing shareholders, transfer of capital reserve to share capital,
      conversion of preference shares to ordinary shares or other means permitted by laws and administrative regulations or as
      approved by relevant authorities authorized by the State Council.



         4.25 Issuance of Shares

      For relevant information about the Bank’s issuance of shares during the reporting period, please refer to Chapter 5 “Changes
      in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders” and Chapter 6 “Preference Shares” of this report.



         4.26 Issuance of Debentures

      Please refer to Chapter 5 “Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders” of this report for
      information about the Bank’s issuance of debentures.



         4.27 Equity Linked Agreements

      Save for what is disclosed in Chapter 6 “Preference Shares” and Chapter 7 “Convertible Corporate Bonds” of this report,
      the Bank neither entered into nor continued any equity linked agreements during the reporting period.



         4.28 Right of Directors and Supervisors to Acquire Shares or Debentures

      During the reporting period, none of the Directors and Supervisors or their respective associates were granted by the Bank
      or its subsidiaries the right to acquire shares or debentures of the Bank or any other corporate groups; neither did any of
      the Directors or Supervisors exercise any of such rights.



         4.29 Equity Interest of Substantial Shareholders

      Please refer to Chapter 5 “Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders – Interests and Short
      Positions Held by Substantial Ordinary Shareholders and Other Persons” of this report for detailed information.




104   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                            Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




   4.30 Tax Matters

A Shareholders
For individual investor shareholders, the Notice on Issues Relating to the Implementation of the Differentiated Individual
Income Tax Policy on Dividends Obtained from Listed Companies (Finance and Taxation [2012] No.85), and the Notice on
Issues Relating to the Differentiated Individual Income Tax Policy on Dividends Obtained from Listed Companies (Finance and
Taxation [2015] No.101), both issued jointly by the Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation and CSRC
provide that, for shares of listed companies that an individual investor obtains from public offering and/or the transfer
market, if the duration of shareholding is less than 1 month (inclusive), the full amount of his or her dividend income
shall be calculated as taxable income; if the duration of shareholding is between 1 month and 1 year (inclusive), 50% of
the dividend income shall be calculated as taxable income for the time being; and if the duration of shareholding lasts more
than one year, the dividend income shall be exempted of individual income tax for the time being. All the above-mentioned
dividend income shall be taxed at a uniformly applicable tax rate of 20%.

For securities investment funds that are shareholders of listed companies, the computation and payment of dividend
income tax shall be made in accordance with the aforementioned Notice on Issues Relating to the Differentiated Individual
Income Tax Policy on Dividends Obtained from Listed Companies (Finance and Taxation [2015] No.101) and Notice on
Issues Relating to the Implementation of the Differentiated Individual Income Tax Policy on Dividends Obtained from Listed
Companies (Finance and Taxation [2012] No.85).

Resident enterprise shareholders (including institutional investors) shall pay income tax on their cash dividends on their
own accord pursuant to relevant taxation requirements of the government.

For Qualified Foreign Institutional Investors (QFII), listed companies are required to withhold and pay enterprise
income tax at the rate of 10% pursuant to the Notice of the State Administration of Taxation Concerning the Relevant Issues
on the Withholding and Payment of Enterprise Income Tax Relating to the Payment of Dividends, Bonuses and Interests by
PRC Resident Enterprises to QFIIs (SAT Letter [2009] No.47). Where the dividend paid to a QFII is entitled to relevant
treatments under a tax agreement (arrangement), the QFII may apply to the competent tax authority for such treatment.
The latter shall implement the treatment as stipulated in the tax agreement after verifying the validity of the application.
Where a tax refund is involved, the QFII shall promptly submit a tax refund application to the competent tax authority on
its own accord after receiving the dividend.

H Shareholders
For overseas residents that are individual shareholders of listed companies, the Notice of the State Administration of Taxation
on Issues Concerning Individual Income Tax Collection and Management after the Repeal of SAT Document [1993] No.045 (SAT
Letter [2011] No.348) provides that, dividends received by such overseas residents for their personal holding of shares
issued by domestic non-foreign-invested enterprises in Hong Kong shall be subject to the payment of individual income
tax under the “interest, dividend and bonus income” item, and that such individual income tax shall be withheld and paid
by the withholding agents according to relevant laws at a tax rate of 10%. Where overseas residents that are individual
holders of shares issued by domestic non-foreign invested enterprises in Hong Kong are entitled to the relevant preferential
tax treatment pursuant to the provisions in the tax treaties signed between their countries of residence and China or the
tax arrangements made between the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong (Macau) SAR, the tax rate for dividends under the
relevant tax treaties and tax arrangements is 10% in general. For the purpose of simplifying tax administration, domestic
non-foreign-invested enterprises issuing shares in Hong Kong may, upon payment of dividends, generally withhold
individual income tax at the rate of 10%, without the need to file an application. If the tax rate for dividends is not
equal to 10%, the following provisions shall apply: (1) for residents of countries that have signed lower than 10% tax rate
treaties, the withholding agents may file on their behalf applications for the relevant agreed preferential tax treatments,
under which circumstances the over-withheld tax amounts will be refunded upon approval by the tax authorities; (2) for
residents of countries that have signed higher than 10% but lower than 20% tax rate treaties, the withholding agents shall
withhold individual income tax at the agreed tax rate effective at the time of dividend payment, without the need to file an
application; and (3) for residents of countries without tax treaties or under other situations, the withholding agents shall
withhold individual income tax at 20% upon payment of dividends.




                                                                                                           2020 Annual Report     105
      Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




      For non-resident enterprises that are shareholders of listed companies, the Notice of the State Administration of Taxation on
      the Issues Concerning Withholding Enterprise Income Tax on Dividends Paid by Chinese Resident Enterprises to H Shareholders
      that Are Nonresident Overseas Enterprises (SAT Letter [2008] No.897) provides that, a PRC resident enterprise, when paying
      dividends for 2008 and subsequent years to H shareholders that are non-resident overseas enterprises, shall withhold and
      pay the enterprise income tax at a uniform rate of 10%.

      Tax matters in relation to the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect shall be handled according to the provisions of the
      Notice of the Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation and the China Securities Regulatory Commission on
      Relevant Taxation Policies in Connection with the Pilot Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect Mechanism (Finance and Taxation
      [2014] No. 81).

      Preference shareholders
      Individual income tax payment in relation to dividends obtained by individual preference shareholders shall be performed
      according to related national taxation regulations.

      Resident enterprises (including institutional investors) shall perform their tax payment obligations on their own accord
      according to related national taxation regulations.

      Shareholders of the Bank shall be taxed and/or access tax credits, reliefs and exemptions in accordance with the
      aforementioned regulations.



         4.31 Environment-Related Performance and Policies

      The Bank strictly abided by the requirements of applicable laws and regulations such as the Environmental Protection
      Law of the People’s Republic of China and the Energy Conservation Law of the People’s Republic of China, conscientiously
      implemented relevant management rules of the PBOC and the CBIRC, boosted support to the green economy and
      enhanced whole-process management of environmental and social risks.

      During the reporting period, the Bank adhered to the green development philosophy, implemented credit policies relating
      to green finance, explored innovation in green finance business model, granted more credit facilities to the low-carbon
      economy, circular economy, energy conservation and environmental protection, clean energy, corporate transformation &
      upgrading and technological transformation, and green ecology under conditions where risk is manageable and business
      is sustainable. The Bank strictly controlled loan granting to heavy pollution, high energy consumption, and overcapacity
      industries, and differentially provided support to premium enterprises with advanced technology, high efficiency, good
      potential and ready market. It resolutely implemented the “veto” system in the environmental protection so as to guide
      credit resources further towards industries and enterprises of low energy and resource consumption, low pollution and low
      emission, and increased the proportion of the balance of such credit.

      The Bank enhanced the management of environmental and social risks. For enterprises in violation of environmental
      protection related laws and regulations, in violation of work safety laws and outdated production capacity and enterprises
      that fail to make rectifications or whose occupational disease prevention and control measures fail to meet standards and
      fail to make rectifications, the Bank actively supervise and urge those enterprises to perform their social responsibility by
      ways of urging rectification, compressing exit, recovery and disposal so as to protect the Bank’s interest,.




106   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                            Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




   4.32 Events Relating to Bankruptcy and/or Restructuring

During the reporting period, the Bank did not incur any event relating to bankruptcy and/or restructuring.



   4.33 Major Risks

For details on major risks of the Bank, please refer to Chapter 3 “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this report.



   4.34 C hanges to Accounting Policies and Accounting Estimates or
        Correction of Significant Accounting Errors

During the reporting period, the Bank had no changes in accounting policies or accounting estimates or correction of
material accounting errors.



   4.35 Performance of Social Responsibility for Poverty Alleviation

The Bank adhered to the banking original mandate of serving the real
economy. It undertook economic, environmental and social responsibilities,
moved ahead in implementing the new development philosophy, built an
inclusive finance system and implemented precision poverty alleviation.
Dedicated to giving back to society, the Bank actively participated in public
benefit activities, helped vulnerable groups in various fields including poverty
alleviation, education, environmental protection and health care, and aimed
to prosper along with society.

The Bank upheld the vision of becoming a bank with a human touch,
and committed to develop into a benevolent financial enterprise. After the
outbreak of COVID-19, the Bank resolutely carried out the decisions and
plans of the state and requirements of regulators, instantly established a
Steering Group of Epidemic Prevention and Control, and leveraged the
featured advantages of “Party building + inclusive finance” in coordinating
resources to support enterprises fight against COVID-19, assist enterprises in
resumption of work and production and help private enterprises, SMEs and
manufacturing enterprises. During the epidemic, the Bank donated RMB50
million to China Charity Federation for preventing and controlling of the
epidemic, rescuing patients and protecting medical workers nationwide. It
issued over 60 pieces of notices and documents successively, which were about
epidemic prevention and control, policy support, supporting resumption of
work and production, financial services provision, and compliance during
the epidemic. The Bank accumulatively granted RMB195.92 billion of anti-
epidemic loans, and underwrote 38 anti-epidemic bonds, raising funds of
RMB26.8 billion.

For details of social responsibility and public benefit activities of the Bank in the reporting period, please refer to the 2020
Sustainable Development Report of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited the Bank published on the official websites of
SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) on the disclosure date of this
report.




                                                                                                            2020 Annual Report     107
      Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




      4.35.1 Initiatives on Financial Services for Precision Poverty Alleviation
      During the reporting period, the Bank proactively fulfilled its responsibilities
      as a state-owned financial enterprise by emphasizing both social effect and
      economic benefits, and established a steering group for inclusive finance, where
      the Secretary of Party Committee served as the team leader, to advance efforts
      of precision poverty alleviation with financial services and financial services for
      Sannong (i.e., agriculture, rural areas, and rural residents). It also improved
      the five specialized systems and mechanisms41 to ensure the steady and healthy
      development of businesses.

      During the reporting period, the Bank provided financial services for Sannong
      and continued to improve the ability and level of services. As at the end of
      the reporting period, the balance of agriculture-related loans of the Bank
      stood at RMB338.752 billion, up by RMB36.867 billion from the end of the
      previous year. Wherein, the balance of agriculture-related inclusive loans was
      RMB16.587 billion, up by RMB5.069 billion from the end of the previous
      year, 31.88 percentage points higher than the average growth of the Bank’s
      loans. As at the end of the reporting period, the number of customers benefited
      from agriculture-related loans was 38,000, up by 2,800 over the previous year.
      The average interest rate of agriculture-related loans granted was down by 0.69
      percentage point over the previous year.

      During the reporting period, the Bank continued to consolidate the poverty allocation system building, and formulated
      specialized credit programs, work plans, credit policies, assessment and incentive policies, and management measures for
      due diligence liability exemption. Focusing on poor people, regions in extreme poverty and poverty alleviation through
      industrial development, the Bank rolled out new featured credit products, prioritized the approval of poverty alleviation
      loans or projects when other conditions were equal, resulting in more loans granted for poverty alleviation, and advanced
      the standardized management and self-inspection rectification of poverty alleviation loans. Besides, the Bank intensified
      consumer protection, enhanced the construction of financial infrastructure, extended the service radius of electronic
      channels, and established a multi-layered financial support system. During the reporting period, the Bank was listed as a
      model case of excellent organizations in supporting poverty alleviation by Chinese banking and insurance industries, and
      was honored the “15th People’s Corporate Social Responsibility Award – Annual Award for Poverty Alleviation” by the
      website people.cn. Lanzhou Branch of the Bank was awarded the “National Finance May 1st Labor Medal” for poverty
      alleviation by the Central Financial Work Commission, and Chongqing Branch of the Bank was selected as the “Most
      Socially Responsible Financial Institution in Chongqing Banking Industry” for the fifth consecutive year. Xiao Ming, an
      employee of Chongqing Branch, was honored the title of “Advanced Individual in National Poverty Alleviation” by the
      CPC Central Committee and the State Council. As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank’s balance of loans for
      precision poverty alleviation with financial services stood at RMB29.191 billion, up by RMB7.016 billion over the end of
      the previous year, overfulfilling the increment plan of poverty alleviation loans formulated at the beginning of the year. The
      loan growth was 19.51 percentage points higher than the growth of the total loans. As at the end of the reporting period,
      the Bank granted poverty alleviation loans to 1,042,700 customers, up by 57,400 over the previous year, and the average
      interest rate of poverty alleviation loans newly granted was down by more than 1 percentage point over the previous year.




      41
           	The “five specialized systems and mechanisms” refer to the specialized mechanisms for integrated services, statistical accounting, risk management, resource
                  allocation, and assessment.




108   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                            Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




4.35.2 Other Precision Poverty Alleviation Initiatives
During the reporting period, the Bank continued its fixed-point poverty alleviation in Xietongmen County of Tibet
Autonomous Region, Zhangjiashan village in Dangchang County of Gansu Province and some areas of Xinjiang-Uyghur
Autonomous Region. In addition, the Bank dispatched its managerial personnel to fixed-point poverty alleviation areas to
help the local poverty population shake off poverty and support local poverty alleviation tasks. During the reporting period,
with focuses on four major aspects, namely, poverty alleviation through agricultural development, poverty alleviation
through infrastructure construction, education for poverty alleviation and poverty alleviation through charitable efforts,
the Bank dispatched a total of 75 full-time and part-time managerial persons to 39 impoverished villages and 5 districts
and prefectures for poverty alleviation, and carried out 129 poverty-alleviation projects. The Bank donated RMB23.9319
million for poverty alleviation purpose, benefiting more than 50,000 poor people.

The precision poverty alleviation results of the Bank during the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                                           Unit: RMB10,000
 Item                                                                                                Amount and Progress
 Overview
 Invested funds                                                                                                        2,393
 Number of impoverished people with established poverty files and cards
   benefited                                                                                                         27,554
 Inputs by major category
 Poverty alleviation through industrial development
   Incl.: Types of poverty alleviation projects                                 Poverty alleviation through development of
            through industrial development                                      agricultural and forestry industries, poverty
                                                                                   alleviation through e-commerce, poverty
                                                                                    alleviation through technological means
          Number of poverty alleviation projects through industrial
            development                                                                                                   22
          Investment in poverty alleviation projects through industrial
            development                                                                                                  633
 Education for poverty alleviation
   Incl.: Financial aid to poor students                                                                                 438
          Number of impoverished students aided                                                                        4,463
 Health for poverty alleviation
   Incl.: Input in medical and health resources in poverty-stricken areas                                                400
 Social development for poverty alleviation
   Incl.: Investments in fixed-point poverty alleviation                                                                 990
 Awards
 1.   The Bank was granted the achievement award for helping win the “Three Critical Battles” in the “2019 Top 100
      Socially Responsible Institutions in China’s Banking Industry” by China Banking Association in August 2020.
 2.   The Bank was awarded the “2020 Excellent Project of Chinese Corporate Social Responsibility” by China
      Philanthropy Times and The Economic Observer in November 2020.
 3.   The Bank was awarded the “2020 Excellent Socially Responsible Enterprise” by China Investment Network in
      November 2020.
 4.   The Bank was awarded the “2020 Pioneering Bank in Practicing Corporate Social Responsibilities” by hexun.com
      in December 2020.
 5.   The Bank was awarded the People’s Corporate Social Responsibility Award – Annual Award for Poverty
      Alleviation by the website people.cn in December 2020.




                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report    109
      Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




      4.35.3 Work Plan on Financial Services for Precision Poverty Alleviation
      In 2021, the Bank will continue to resolutely implement the decisions and plans of the CPC Central Committee and the
      State Council, earnestly act on the regulatory requirements of the PBOC and the CBIRC, consolidate and expand the
      achievements in poverty alleviation with efforts to promote rural revitalization.

      The Bank will consolidate poverty alleviation outcomes. It will enhance credit support, strengthen top-level design, improve
      systems and mechanisms, and maintain the stability, continuity and sustainability of financial supporting policies in line
      with the requirements of shaking off no responsibilities, policies, assistance and regulations even when poverty has been
      shaken off. The Bank will offer more financial support to regions and people lifted out of poverty. To forestall risks in
      poverty alleviation through financial services, the Bank will scale up project selection and risk assessment, grant loans in
      compliance with laws, and prevent over-financing and illegal financing in the name of poverty alleviation.

      The Bank will enhance support to rural revitalization. In accordance with the regulatory direction and its actual conditions,
      the Bank will grasp the opportunities arising from the rural revitalization strategy, proactively explore the effective path and
      business opportunities of supporting rural revitalization with finance services. It will assist leading agricultural enterprises
      in growing and expanding, boost the development of new types of agribusiness and distinctive industries in rural areas, and
      serve the overall rural revitalization and modernization of agriculture and rural areas with high-quality services.



         4.36 Business Reexamination

      For details of the Group’s business profile, major risks and uncertainties in 2020 and outlook for 2021, please refer to
      Chapter 3 “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this report.



         4.37 Audit Committee

      The Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee under the Board of Directors of the Bank has reviewed and
      approved the 2020 annual results of the Bank and the Group and their audited 2020 annual financial statements prepared
      in accordance with the IFRSs.



         4.38 Relations with Employees, Suppliers and Customers

      For the relations between the Group and its employees, customers and shareholders, please refer to Chapter 8 “Directors,
      Supervisors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates – Human Resources Management”, Chapter 3 “Management
      Discussion and Analysis – Consumer Rights Protection and Service Quality Management” and Chapter 9 “Corporate
      Governance Report – Investor Relations” of this report.



         4.39 Other Significant Events

      The Bank disclosed all significant events occurred during the reporting period that shall be disclosed as per Article 80 of
      the Securities Law of the People’s Republic of China and Article 30 of the Administrative Measures for Information Disclosure
      of Listed Companies in the form of interim announcements on the websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews
      (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com).




110   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
Chapter 5 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders

    5.1 Changes in Ordinary Shares

5.1.1 Table on Changes in Shareholdings

                                                                                                                                                                                Unit: share
                                                                31 December 2019                                       Changes (+, -)                                 31 December 2020
                                                                                                                       Capital reserve
                                                             Number of                                                     converted                               Number of
                                                             shares held   Percentage(%)     New issue   Bonus issue        to shares     Others   Subtotal        shares held Percentage (%)
 Shares subject to restrictions on sale:                  2,147,469,539              4.39                                                                       2,147,469,539            4.39
   1. Shares held by the state
   2. Shares held by state-owned legal persons            2,147,469,539              4.39                                                                       2,147,469,539              4.39
   3. Shares held by other domestic investors
   Including: Shares held by domestic non-state-owned
                  legal persons
              Shares held by domestic natural persons
   4. Foreign-held shares
   Including: Shares held by overseas legal persons
              Shares held by overseas natural persons
 Shares not subject to restrictions on sale:             46,787,341,567             95.61                                                +27,463   +27,463     46,787,369,030             95.61
   1. Renminbi denominated ordinary shares               31,905,178,590             65.20                                                +27,463   +27,463     31,905,206,053             65.20
   2. Domestically-listed foreign shares
   3. Overseas-listed foreign shares                     14,882,162,977             30.41                                                                      14,882,162,977             30.41
   4. Others
 Total shares                                            48,934,811,106            100.00                                                +27,463   +27,463     48,934,838,569            100.00


5.1.2 Shares Subject to Restrictions on Sale
Publicly tradable time of shares subject to restrictions on sale
                                                                                                                                                                                Unit: share
                                                                                            Incremental publicly
                                                                                                 tradeable shares                          Number of           Number of shares
                                                                                                  upon expiry of                    shares subject to               not subject to
 Time                                                                                             lock-up period                  restrictions on sale        restrictions on sale
 20 January 2021                                                                                   2,147,469,539                       2,147,469,539              46,787,369,030




                                                                                                                                                                2020 Annual Report                111
      Chapter 5 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




      Shareholdings of the top 10 shareholders subject to restrictions on sale and the conditions of
      restrictions on sale
                                                                                                                                    Unit: share
                                    Number of
       Name of shareholder    shares subject to
       subject to restrictions  restrictions on    Publicly          Incremental publicly
       on sale                         sale held   tradable time          tradable shares   Conditions of restrictions on sale
       China National Tobacco    2,147,469,539     20 January 2021         2,147,469,539    On 20 January 2016, the Bank completed the
         Corporation                                                                         registration and custody formalities relating to its
                                                                                             private offering of 2,147,469,539 A shares to China
                                                                                             Tobacco. China Tobacco undertook to the former
                                                                                             CBRC that it would not transfer its subscribed
                                                                                             equity in CITIC Bank within 5 years as of the date
                                                                                             of completion of the delivery. As at 20 January 2021,
                                                                                             the above-mentioned undertaking of China Tobacco
                                                                                             has been fulfilled, and relevant shares subject to
                                                                                             restrictions on sale have become tradable. (Refer to
                                                                                             the announcements of the Bank published on the
                                                                                             official websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn) and the
                                                                                             HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk)
                                                                                             for details thereof.)




         5.2 Issuance and Listing of Securities

      5.2.1 Equity Financing
      During the reporting period, the Bank did not issue any new shares.

      5.2.2 Issuance of Bonds
      Pursuant to the Reply of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission on Approving the Issuance of Special
      Financial Bonds for Loans to Small and Micro Enterprises by China CITIC Bank (CBIRC Reply [2020] No.4) issued by
      CBIRC and the Affirmative Decision of Administrative License from the People’s Bank of China (PBOC Decision [2020]
      No. 20) issued by PBOC, the Bank was approved to issue financial bonds up to RMB50.0 billion (referred as “Bonds”
      hereinafter) in the national inter-bank bond market. The Bonds were issued in installments, and the issuance of the
      2020 Special Financial Bonds for Loans to Small and Micro Enterprises (Tranche 1) (the “20 CITIC SME Bonds 01”)
      was completed on 18 March 2020. The size of the issuance of the three-year fixed-rate 20 CITIC SME Bonds 01 was
      RMB30.0 billion with a coupon rate of 2.75%. The proceeds from the issuance were used to grant loans to small and
      micro enterprises in accordance with applicable laws and approvals of the regulatory authorities.




112   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
 Chapter 5 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




Pursuant to the Reply of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission on Approving the Issuance of Tier-2 Capital
Bonds by China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited (CBIRC Reply [2020] No.278) issued by CBIRC and the Affirmative
Decision of Administrative License (PBOC Decision [2020] No. 17) issued by PBOC, the Bank was approved to issue
tier-2 capital bonds (the “20 CITIC Tier-2 Bonds”) up to RMB40.0 billion in the national inter-bank bond market. The
issuance of the 20 CITIC Tier-2 Bonds was completed on 14 August 2020, with the size of issuance as RMB40.0 billion
and the term as 10 years. The issuer shall have a conditional redemption right from the end of the fifth year onwards.
The coupon rate is 3.87%. After deducting the issuance costs, all proceeds from the issuance will be used to replenish the
Bank’s tier-2 capital in accordance with applicable laws and approvals of the regulatory authorities, so as to improve the
Bank’s capital structure, and promote the steady development of its business.

At the meeting of the Board of Directors convened on 27 August 2020, the Bank reviewed and approved the Proposal on
Issuance of Undated Capital Bonds, giving consent that the Bank would issue undated capital bonds up to RMB40.0 billion
(inclusive) in domestic and overseas markets to replenish its additional tier-1 capital. The proposal was considered and
approved at the Bank’s 2nd Extraordinary General Meeting of 2020 convened on 30 October 2020.

Please refer to the relevant announcements published on the official websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews
(www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) for details thereof.

5.2.3 Issuance of Convertible Bonds
Please refer to Chapter 7 “Convertible Corporate Bonds” of the Report for the issuance of convertible bonds and the
conversion of convertible bonds of the Bank during the reporting period.

5.2.4 Internal Employee Shares
There were no internal employee shares issued by the Bank.



   5.3 Information on Ordinary Shareholders

5.3.1 Total Number of Shareholders
As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank had 172,491 accounts of ordinary shareholders in total, including 143,895
accounts of A shareholders and 28,596 accounts of registered H shareholders, and no preference shareholders with restored
voting right.

As at the close of the month preceding the disclosure date of this report (i.e., 28 February 2021), the Bank recorded
168,403 accounts of ordinary shareholders in total, including 140,010 accounts of A shareholders and 28,393 accounts of
registered H shareholders, and no preference shareholders with restored voting right.




                                                                                                       2020 Annual Report    113
      Chapter 5 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




      5.3.2 Information on the Top 10 Shareholders (as at the end of the reporting period)
                                                                                                                                                                                               Unit: share
                                                                                                                                                                                 Increase or
                                                                                                                                                                                 decrease in
                                                                                                                                                              Number of        shareholding
                                                                                                                     Total number      Shareholding shares subject to             during the     Shares pledged
       No. Name of shareholder                                       Nature of shareholder       Class of shares     of shares held   percentage (%) restrictions on sale   reporting period     or frozen
       1    CITIC Corporation Limited                                State-owned legal person    A share, H share   31,988,728,773             65.37                   0                  0      0
       2    Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Nominees Limited   Overseas legal person       H share            11,558,225,130             23.62                   0         +3,091,136      Unknown
       3    China National Tobacco Corporation                       State-owned legal person    A share             2,147,469,539              4.39       2,147,469,539                  0      0
       4    China Securities Finance Corporation Limited             State-owned| legal person   A share             1,114,065,677              2.28                   0                  0      0
       5    Central Huijin Asset Management Ltd.                     State-owned legal person    A share               272,838,300              0.56                   0                  0      0
       6    China Construction Bank Corporation                      State-owned legal person    H share               168,599,268              0.34                   0                  0      0
       7    Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited            Overseas legal person       A share                80,279,599              0.16                   0        -93,927,381      0
       8    Mao Tian Capital Limited                                 State-owned legal person    A share                31,034,400              0.06                   0                  0      0
       9    China Poly Group Corporation Limited                     State-owned legal person    A share                27,216,400              0.06                   0                  0      0
       10   China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. – SSE Dividend Traded     Other                       A share                25,581,700              0.05                   0        +17,946,900      0
              Open-ended Index Securities Investment Fund


      Notes:    (1)     Except for CITIC Corporation Limited and Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Nominees Limited, the shareholdings of A-share holders and H-share
                        holders in the table above were calculated based on the Bank’s share registers respectively maintained with China Securities Depository and Clearing
                        Corporation Limited Shanghai Branch and Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited.
                (2)     Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Nominees Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited. The
                        total number of shares held by Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Nominees Limited is the aggregate number of H shares it held in its capacity as
                        nominee on behalf of all institutional (except for CITIC Corporation Limited) and individual investors registered with the company as at the end of the
                        reporting period. Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited is an institution that is designated by others to hold shares, including the Shanghai
                        Stock Connect shares held by Hong Kong and overseas investors, on behalf of others in its capacity as nominee shareholder.
                (3)     CITIC Corporation Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of CITIC Limited. CITIC Corporation Limited confirmed that as at the end of the reporting
                        period, CITIC Limited and its subsidiaries (including CITIC Corporation Limited) together owned 32,284,227,773 shares of the Bank, accounting
                        for 65.97% of the Bank’s total shares, including 28,938,928,294 A shares and 3,345,299,479 H shares. CITIC Corporation Limited directly owned
                        31,988,728,773 shares of the Bank, accounting for 65.37% of the Bank’s total shares, including 28,938,928,294 A shares and 3,049,800,479 H shares.
                (4)     Summit Idea Limited confirmed that, as at the end of the reporting period, it held via Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Nominees Limited
                        2,292,579,000 H shares of the Bank, accounting for 4.685% of the Bank’s total shares. Summit Idea Limited is a wholly-owned affiliate of Xinhu
                        Zhongbao. In addition to the afore-mentioned stake, Hong Kong Xinhu Investment Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Xinhu Zhongbao, also owned
                        153,686,000 H shares of the Bank via Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Nominees Limited, taking up 0.314% of the Bank’s total shares.
                (5)     Note on connected relations or concerted actions between the top 10 shareholders and between top 10 shareholders not subject to restrictions on
                        sales: Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Nominees Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited.
                        According to the Report for the Third Quarter of 2020 of China Construction Bank Corporation, as at 30 September 2020, Central Huijin Investment Ltd.
                        and its wholly-owned subsidiary Central Huijin Asset Management Ltd. together owned 57.31% equity of China Construction Bank Corporation. Except
                        for these, the Bank was not aware of any connected relations or concerted actions between top 10 shareholders and top 10 shareholders not subject to
                        restrictions on sales.




114   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
 Chapter 5 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




5.3.3 Information on the Top 10 Shareholders Not Subject to Restrictions on
      Sale (as at the end of the reporting period)
                                                                                                                                Unit: share
                                                              Number of shares
                                                                not subject to
                                                                   restrictions               Class and number of shares held
No. Name of shareholder                                           on sale held    Class                                           Number
1    CITIC Corporation Limited                                  31,988,728,773    Renminbi denominated ordinary shares    28,938,928,294
                                                                                  Overseas-listed foreign shares           3,049,800,479
2    Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Nominees Limited     11,558,225,130    Overseas-listed foreign shares          11,558,225,130
3    China Securities Finance Corporation Limited                1,114,065,677    Renminbi denominated ordinary shares     1,114,065,677
4    Central Huijin Asset Management Ltd.                          272,838,300    Renminbi denominated ordinary shares       272,838,300
5    China Construction Bank Corporation                           168,599,268    Overseas-listed foreign shares             168,599,268
6    Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited                  80,279,599    Renminbi denominated ordinary shares        80,279,599
7    Mao Tian Capital Limited                                       31,034,400    Renminbi denominated ordinary shares        31,034,400
8    China Poly Group Corporation Limited                           27,216,400    Renminbi denominated ordinary shares        27,216,400
9    China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. – SSE Dividend Traded           25,581,700    Renminbi denominated ordinary shares        25,581,700
       Open-ended Index Securities Investment Fund
10   Gu Liyong                                                      20,317,346    Renminbi denominated ordinary shares          20,317,346




                                                                                                                     2020 Annual Report       115
      Chapter 5 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




           5.4 Interests and Short Positions Held by Substantial Ordinary
                Shareholders and Other Persons

      The table below sets out the interests and short positions in the shares of the Bank held by substantial shareholders and
      other persons (except the directors, supervisors and chief executives of the Bank defined according to the Hong Kong
      Listing Rules) as recorded in the register that the Bank maintained pursuant to Section 336 of the Securities and Futures
      Ordinance and as far as the Bank was aware as at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                                                                                                Shareholding          Shareholding
                                                                                                                                            percentage of the     percentage of the
                                                                                                                             Number of issued share capital of    total issued share
        Name                                            Class of shares   Identity                                           shares held   the same class (%)            capital (%)
                                                        H share                                                        3,049,800,479(L)                 20.49                  6.23
                                                                          Beneficiary owner
        CITIC Corporation Limited                       A share                                                       32,719,444,053(L)                 96.08                 66.86
                                                        H share           Interest of controlled corporations             10,313,000(L)                   0.07                 0.02
                                                        H share                                                        3,345,299,479(L)                 22.48                  6.84
        CITIC Limited                                                     Interest of controlled corporations
                                                        A share                                                       32,719,444,053(L)                 96.08                 66.86
                                                        H share                                                        3,345,299,479(L)                 22.48                  6.84
        CITIC Polaris Limited                                             Interest of controlled corporations
                                                        A share                                                       32,719,444,053(L)                 96.08                 66.86
                                                        H share                                                        3,345,299,479(L)                 22.48                  6.84
        CITIC Glory Limited                                               Interest of controlled corporations
                                                        A share                                                       32,719,444,053(L)                 96.08                 66.86
                                                        H share                                                        3,345,299,479(L)                 22.48                  6.84
        CITIC Group                                                       Interest of controlled corporations
                                                        A share                                                       32,719,444,053(L)                 96.08                 66.86
        Summit Idea Limited                             H share           Beneficiary owner                             2,292,579,000(L)                15.41                 4.685
        Total Partner Global Limited                    H share           Interest of controlled corporations           2,292,579,000(L)                15.41                 4.685
                                                                          Beneficiary owner                               153,686,000(L)                 1.03                 0.314
        Hong Kong Xinhu Investment Co., Ltd.            H share
                                                                          Interest of controlled corporations           2,292,579,000(L)                15.41                 4.685
        Xinhu Zhongbao Co., Ltd.                        H share           Interest of controlled corporations           2,446,265,000(L)                16.44                 4.999
        Zhejiang Xinhu Group Corporation Limited        H share           Interest of controlled corporations           2,446,265,000(L)                16.44                 4.999
        Zhejiang Hengxingli Holding Group Co., Ltd.     H share           Interest of controlled corporations           2,446,265,000(L)                16.44                 4.999
        Ningbo Jiayuan Industrial Development Co., Ltd. H share           Interest of controlled corporations           2,446,265,000(L)                16.44                 4.999
        Huang Wei                                       H share           Interest of controlled corporations           2,446,265,000(L)                16.44                 4.999
        Li Ping                                         H share           Interest of controlled corporations           2,446,265,000(L)                16.44                 4.999


      (L) — long position, (S) — short position


      Notes:      (1)   The above disclosure is made mainly on the basis of the information released on the HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk).
                  (2)   According to Section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, if multiple conditions are met, shareholders of the Bank shall submit the disclosure form.
                        When there is a change to shares of the Bank held by shareholders, unless multiple conditions are met, related shareholders need not to notify the change
                        to the Company and SEHK. Therefore, the latest shares held by shareholders at the Company may differ from those already submitted to SEHK.


      Except for the afore-mentioned disclosure, as at the end of the reporting period, the Bank didn’t know that any person
      (except the directors, supervisors and chief executives of the Bank defined according to the Hong Kong Listing Rules) held
      any interests and short positions in the shares of the Bank or underlying shares that shall be recorded in the register that
      the Bank maintained pursuant to Section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance.




116   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
 Chapter 5 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




   5.5 Controlling Shareholder and De Facto Controller of the Bank

During the reporting period, the Bank’s controlling shareholder and de facto controller remained unchanged. As at the
end of the reporting period, CITIC Corporation Limited was the controlling shareholder of the Bank; CITIC Limited was
the single direct controlling shareholder of CITIC Corporation Limited; CITIC Group was the controlling shareholder of
CITIC Limited, and the de facto controller of the Bank.

CITIC Group was founded in 1979 by Mr. Rong Yiren with the support of Mr. Deng Xiaoping. Since its inception,
CITIC Group has been a pilot unit for national economic reform and an important window for China’s opening to the
outside world. With fruitful explorations and innovation in many areas, CITIC Group has built itself a robust image and
reputation both domestically and abroad. At present, CITIC Group has developed into a large state-owned multinational
conglomerate with both financial and non-financial businesses. Its financial business covers a full range of services including
banking, securities, trust, insurance, fund and asset management; and its non-financial business includes real estate,
engineering contracting, energy and resources, infrastructure construction, machinery manufacturing and information
technology, with clear overall strength and great momentum of growth.

In December 2011, with approval from the State Council, and in alignment with its wholly-owned subsidiary Beijing
CITIC Enterprise Management Co., Ltd., CITIC Group contributed the majority of its existing net operating assets to
establish CITIC Corporation Limited (named “CITIC Limited” when first established). In particular, CITIC Group held
99.9% equity interest in CITIC Limited, and Beijing CITIC Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. held 0.1%. CITIC Group
as a whole was restructured into a wholly state-owned company. To complete the afore-mentioned capital contribution,
CITIC Group transferred its entire equity in the Bank to CITIC Corporation Limited as capital contribution. As a result,
CITIC Corporation Limited held 28,938,929,004 shares in the Bank both directly and indirectly, accounting for 61.85%
of the Bank’s total share capital. The above-mentioned share transfer was approved by the State Council, the Ministry
of Finance (MOF), former CBRC, the CSRC and the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. In February 2013, the relevant
formalities for the share transfer were officially completed with approvals from the SSE and China Securities Depositary
and Clearing Corporation Limited Shanghai Branch. On 20 December 2018, the MOF, and the Ministry of Human
Resources and Social Security (MOHRSS) issued a notice to implement the relevant arrangements of the Notice of the State
Council on Printing and Distributing the Implementation Plan on the Transfer of Some State-owned Capital to Replenish the
Social Security Fund, transferring MOF’s 10% equity in CITIC Group to the National Council for Social Security Fund in
a lump sum.

In October 2013, BBVA transferred to CITIC Limited 2,386,153,679 H shares it held in the Bank, accounting for
approximately 5.10% of the total share capital of the Bank, after which CITIC Limited increased its shareholding in the
Bank to 66.95%.

In August 2014, CITIC Group injected its main business assets entirely into its Hong Kong listed subsidiary, CITIC
Pacific, and renamed it CITIC Limited. The former CITIC Limited was renamed CITIC Corporation Limited. CITIC
Limited held 100% equity interest in CITIC Corporation Limited.

In September 2014, CITIC Corporation Limited purchased an additional 81,910,800 H shares of the Bank via agreement
transfer, after which, CITIC Corporation Limited held a total of 31,406,992,773 A shares and H shares of the Bank,
accounting for approximately 67.13% of the Bank’s total share capital.

In January 2016, the Bank completed its private offering of 2,147,469,539 A shares to China Tobacco, upon which
time the Bank’s total share capital increased to 48,934,796,573 shares and the proportion of shares owned by CITIC
Corporation Limited went down to 64.18%.




                                                                                                           2020 Annual Report     117
      Chapter 5 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




      In January 2016, CITIC Limited notified the Bank that it planned to increase its shareholding in the Bank by 21 January
      2017 when appropriate, provided that the accumulative percentage of such incremental equity holding did not exceed 5%
      of the Bank’s total issued share capital. As at 21 January 2017, the implementation of the additional shareholding plan was
      completed. CITIC Limited and its subsidiaries (including CITIC Corporation Limited) held 32,284,227,773 shares of the
      Bank in aggregate, of which they held 28,938,928,294 A shares and 3,345,299,479 H shares, representing 65.97% of the
      total issued shares of the Bank.

      As at the end of the reporting period, CITIC Group’s legal representative was Mr. Zhu Hexin. Its business scope covered:
      investment in and management of domestic and overseas financial enterprises and related industries including banking,
      securities, insurance, trust, asset management, futures, leases, funds and credit cards; investment businesses in energy,
      transportation infrastructure, mining, forestry resources development and raw materials industry, machinery manufacturing,
      real estate development, information infrastructure, basic telecommunications and value-added telecom services,
      environmental protection, pharmaceuticals, biological engineering and new materials, aviation, transportation, warehousing,
      hotels, tourism, domestic and international trade, commerce, education, publication, media, culture and sports, domestic
      and overseas project design, construction, contracting and sub-contracting, and industrial investment; asset management;
      capital operation; project tendering, exploration, design, construction, supervision, contracting and subcontracting and
      consulting services; external allocation of required workers to overseas projects compatible with its strength, scale and
      business performance; import and export; and information services business (only restricted to internet information services
      which excludes information search and inquiry service, information community service, instant information interaction
      service and information protection and processing service). (The market entity shall discretionally choose its business
      projects and conduct its business activities according to the law; conduct its business activities as per approval of competent
      authorities regarding business items that may only be conducted with such approval according to the law; and may not
      engage in business activities of projects that are prohibited or restricted by the national and municipal industrial policies).

      As at the end of the reporting period, CITIC Corporation Limited had a registered capital of RMB139 billion; and Mr.
      Zhu Hexin was its legal representative. Its business scope covered: 1. Investment in and management of the financial
      sector, including investment in and management of domestic and overseas financial enterprises and related industries such
      as banking, securities, insurance, trust, asset management, futures, leases, funds and credit cards; 2. Investment in and
      management of the non-financial sector, including (1) energy, transportation and other infrastructure; (2) mining, forestry
      and other resource development and the raw materials industry; (3) machine manufacturing; (4) real estate development;
      (5) the information industry: information infrastructure, basic telecommunications and value-added telecom services; (6)
      commercial and trade services and other industries; environmental protection; pharmaceuticals, biological engineering
      and new materials; aviation, transportation, warehousing, hotels and tourism; domestic and international trade, import
      and export, commerce; education, publication, media, culture and sports; consulting services; 3. Grant of shareholder
      loans to its domestic and overseas subsidiaries; capital operation; asset management; domestic and overseas project
      design, construction, contracting and sub-contracting, and labor export; and other business items approved by competent
      authorities. (The market entity shall discretionally choose its business projects and conduct its business activities according
      to the law; the entity changed from a domestic enterprise into a foreign-invested enterprise on 22 July 2014, and therefore
      needs to conduct its business activities as per approval of competent authorities regarding business items that may only be
      conducted with such approval according to the law; it may not engage in business activities of projects that are prohibited
      or restricted by the national and municipal industrial policies.) As at the end of the reporting period, CITIC Limited and
      its subsidiaries (including CITIC Corporation Limited) held 32,284,227,773 shares of the Bank in aggregate, representing
      65.97% of the total issued shares of the Bank, including 28,938,928,294 A shares and 3,345,299,479 H shares. CITIC
      Corporation Limited directly owned 31,988,728,773 shares in the Bank, accounting for 65.37% of the total share capital
      of the Bank, including 28,938,928,294 A shares and 3,049,800,479 H shares.




118   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
      Chapter 5 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




As at the end of the reporting period, the ownership structure between the Bank, its controlling shareholder and its de
facto controller was as follows42:

                                                               CITIC Group Corporation Limited



                                                           100%                                                                        100%

                                     CITIC Glory Limited                                                       CITIC Polaris Limited



                                            25.60%                                                                                   32.53%


                                                                                 CITIC Limited

                                                                                             100%



                                                                     CITIC Corporation Limited

                                                                                             65.37%


                                                           China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited


In accordance with the relevant requirements of Provisional Measures for Equity Management of Commercial Banks, as at
the end of the reporting period, the controlling shareholder, de facto controller, persons acting in concert and ultimate
beneficiary of CITIC Corporation Limited are as follows:

     Name of shareholder         Controlling shareholder   De facto controller                Persons acting in concert                               Ultimate beneficiary
     CITIC Corporation Limited   CITIC Limited             CITIC Group Corporation Limited    Fortune Class Investments Limited, Metal Link Limited   CITIC Group Corporation Limited




42
     	CITIC Glory Limited and CITIC Polaris Co., Ltd. are both wholly-owned subsidiaries of CITIC Group. CITIC Corporation Limited directly owned 65.37% of
            the total share capital of the Bank, in addition to which, CITIC Limited also held part of the Bank’s equity via its subsidiaries and CITIC Corporation Limited’s
            subsidiaries.




                                                                                                                                                            2020 Annual Report          119
      Chapter 5 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




      Equity interests in other major domestic and overseas listed companies held or controlled by CITIC Limited and
      CITIC Corporation Limited (as at the end of the reporting period)

                                                                                                                                                                                   Shareholding
       Name of shareholder                                                Name of listed company                             Place of listing                   Stock code        percentage (%)
                                                                                                                             Shanghai                           600030.SH
       CITIC Corporation Limited 15.47%                                   CITIC Securities Co., Ltd.                                                                                     15.47%
                                                                                                                             Hong Kong                           06030.HK
       CITIC Corporation Limited 60.49%
       CITIC Investment Holdings Limited 4.52%                            CITIC Heavy Industries Co., Ltd.                   Shanghai                           601608.SH                67.27%
       CITIC Automobile Limited 2.26%
       CITIC Offshore Helicopter Limited 38.63%                           CITIC Offshore Helicopter Corporation Limited      Shenzhen                           000099.SZ                38.63%
       CITIC Corporation Limited 62.70%
                                                                          Citic Press Corporation                            Shenzhen                           300788.SZ                73.50%
       CITIC Investment Holdings Limited 10.80%
       Keentech Group Ltd 49.57%
       CITIC Australia Pty Limited 9.55%                                  CITIC Resources Holdings Limited                   Hong Kong                           01205.HK                59.50%
       Fortune Class Investments Limited 0.38%
       Richtone Enterprises Inc. 3.68%
       Ease Action Investments Corp. 33.88%
                                                                          CITIC Telecom International Holdings Limited       Hong Kong                           01883.HK                58.11%
       Silver Log Holdings Ltd 16.68%
       Cuixin Holdings Corporation Limited 3.87%
       CITIC Pacific (China) Investment Limited 4.26%
       Hubei Xinye Steel Co., Ltd. 4.53%                                  CITIC Pacific Special Steel Group Co., Ltd.        Shenzhen                           000708.SZ                83.85%
       CITIC Pacific Special Steel Investment Co., Ltd. 75.05%
       CITIC Industrial Investment Group Co., Ltd. 0.82%
       CITIC Agriculture Limited 16.54%                                   Yuan Longping High-tech Agriculture Co., Ltd.      Shenzhen                           000998.SZ                20.56%
       Shenzhen Xin Nong Investment Center (Limited Partnership) 3.20%
       Complete Noble Investments Limited 10%                             China Overseas Land & Investment Limited           Hong Kong                           00688.HK                  10%
       Easy Flow Investments Limited 25.91%                               Frontier Services Group Limited                    Hong Kong                           00500.HK                25.91%
                                                                                                                                                                  IVN.TSX
       CITIC Metal Africa Investments Limited 26.09%                      Ivanhoe Mines Ltd.                                 Toronto                                                     26.09%
                                                                                                                                                             IVPAF.OTCQX
       CITIC Resources Australia Pty Limited 9.61%
                                                                                                                                                                 AWC.ASX
       CITIC Australia Pty Limited 1.37%                                  Alumina Limited                                    Sydney                                                      18.92%
                                                                                                                                                                AWC.OTC
       Bestbuy Overseas Co Ltd 7.94%

      Notes:     (1)      Due to rounding, the total shareholding percentage of CITIC Limited and CITIC Corporation Limited over CITIC Pacific Special Steel Group Co., Ltd.
                          is slightly different from the sum of the shareholding percentage of CITIC Pacific Special Steel Group Co., Ltd.’s direct-holding companies.
                 (2)      The shareholding percentages listed in the table were those of the direct shareholders.


      Equity interests in other major domestic and overseas listed companies held or controlled by CITIC Group (as at the
      end of the reporting period)

                                                                   Name of                                                                                                    Shareholding
       Name of shareholder                                         listed company                              Place of listing                 Stock code                   percentage (%)
       CITIC Polaris Limited 32.53%
                                                                   CITIC Limited                               Hong Kong                        00267.HK                            58.13%
       CITIC Glory Limited 25.60%

      Note:      The shareholding percentages listed in the table were those of the direct shareholders.




120   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
 Chapter 5 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




   5.6 Information on Other Substantial Shareholders

As per the relevant provisions of the Provisional Measures for the Management of Equity in Commercial Banks, in addition
to CITIC Corporation Limited, the substantial shareholders of the Bank also include Summit Idea Limited and China
Tobacco. As at the end of the reporting period, among members of the Board of Directors of the Bank, one non-executive
director was recommended by Summit Idea Limited and another non-executive director was recommended by China
Tobacco.

Summit Idea Limited is a company incorporated in Hong Kong. As at the end of the reporting period, it held via Hong
Kong Securities Clearing Company Nominees Limited 2,292,579,000 H shares of the Bank, accounting for 4.685%
of the Bank’s total shares, with 1,123,363,710 H shares of the Bank pledged as collateral as at the end of the reporting
period. Summit Idea Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Xinhu Zhongbao. In addition to the aforementioned stake,
Hong Kong Xinhu Investment Co., Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of Xinhu Zhongbao, owned 153,686,000 H shares of
the Bank via Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Nominees Limited, taking up 0.314% of the Bank’s total shares.
Xinhu Zhongbao (SH.600208) was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 1999. Its principal business is real estate
and finance. As at the end of June 2020, the company recorded registered capital of RMB8.599 billion, total assets of
RMB152.492 billion and net assets of RMB36.798 billion. The company is an industry leader in terms of the size, strength
and quality of its real estate business. Xinhu Zhongbao has developed more than 50 real estate projects in over 30 cities
across the country with aggregate development areas reaching over 30 million square meters. In terms of financial business,
Xinhu Zhongbao has formed a financial investment pattern that covers securities, banking, insurance and futures, etc. It has
made forward-looking investment in high-tech companies engaged in block chain, big data, artificial intelligence and cloud
computing, and is an important shareholder of Wind, Bangsun Technology, Hyperchain and other financial technology
companies which owned leading technology and market shares.

China Tobacco is a mega state-owned enterprise established with approval from the State Council. As at the end of the
reporting period, China Tobacco held 2,147,469,539 A shares of the Bank, accounting for 4.39% of the Bank’s total
shares, with no pledge of the Bank’s equity as collateral. China Tobacco is an enterprise owned by the whole people with
registered capital of RMB57 billion. Its legal representative is Zhang Jianmin. The main business scope of China Tobacco
includes the production, operation and import and export of tobacco monopoly products, as well as management and
operation of state-owned assets.

In accordance with the relevant requirements of Provisional Measures for Equity Management of Commercial Banks, as at
the end of the reporting period, the above substantial shareholders and their controlling shareholders, de facto controllers,
persons acting in concert and ultimate beneficiaries are as follows:

 Name of shareholder   Controlling shareholder        De facto controller   Person acting in concert               Ultimate beneficiary
 Summit Idea Limited   Total Partner Global Limited   Huang Wei             Hong Kong Xinhu Investment Co., Ltd.   Huang Wei
 China Tobacco         State Council                  State Council         None                                   State Council



   5.7 Other Legal-Person Shareholders Holding 10% or More of the
        Bank’s Shares

As at the end of the reporting period, there were no other legal-person shareholders that held 10% or more of the Bank’s
shares except CITIC Corporation Limited.




                                                                                                                   2020 Annual Report     121
      Chapter 6 Preference Shares

         6.1 Issuance and Listing of Preference Shares in the Recent Three Years

      After obtaining the Reply of China Banking Regulatory Commission on Approving China CITIC Bank’s Private Offering of
      Preference Shares and Amendment to the Articles of Association (CBRC Reply [2015] No.540) from former CBRC on 1
      September 2015 and the Reply of China Securities Regulatory Commission on Approving China CITIC Bank’s Private Offering
      of Preference Shares (CSRC License [2016] No.1971) on 14 October 2016, the Bank made the non-public offering of 350
      million onshore preference shares at RMB100 par value per share on 21 October 2016. These shares were issued at par at
      3.80% initial coupon rate and with no maturity date. These 350 million preference shares, referred to as “CITIC Excellent
      1” with the preference share stock code of 360025, have been listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange’s Comprehensive Business
      Platform on 21 November 2016.

      The Proposal on Plan for Non-Public Offering of Preference Shares and other proposals were considered and approved by the
      1st Extraordinary General Meeting of 2019, the 1st A Shareholders Class Meeting of 2019 and the 1st H Shareholders
      Class Meeting of 2019 convened on 30 January 2019. The Bank planned to make a non-public offering of preference
      shares to replenish its additional tier-one capital. The resolution on the non-public offering of preference shares shall be
      valid for 24 months starting from the date when the offering plan was considered and approved at the general meeting of
      shareholders. As at 29 January 2021, the plan for non-public offering of preference shares of the Bank lapsed, which would
      not exert a material impact on the Bank’s normal operating activities, nor would it damage the interests of the Bank and its
      shareholders, especially minority shareholders. The Bank will make overall arrangements for its financing plan according to
      its business development needs and funding demands.

      Please refer to the relevant announcements published on the websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews
      (www. hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) for detailed information thereof.




122   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                                            Chapter 6 Preference Shares




      6.2 Number of Preference Shareholders and Their Shareholdings

As at the end of the reporting period and the close of the month preceding the disclosure date of this report (i.e., 28
February 2021), the Bank recorded 32 accounts of preference shareholders (CITIC Excellent 1, preference share stock code:
360025). Information on the top 10 preference shareholders at the end of the reporting period is set out in the table below.

                                                                                                                                                                                                  Unit: shares
                                                                                                                                                                                      Number
                                                                                                           Changes in        Number of                                                of shares
                                                                                                       shareholding in    shares held at Shareholding                                subject to    Shares pledged
                                                                                                         the reporting    the end of the   percentage                              restrictions       or frozen
 No. Name of shareholder (full name)                                             Nature of shareholder period (+, -)             period           (%) Class of shares held              on sale   Status Quantity
  1   China Mobile Communications Group Co., Ltd.                                State-owned legal person            –      43,860,000           12.53 Onshore preference shares            –        –          –
  2   China Life Insurance Company Limited – Dividend – Individual Dividend –    Other                               –      38,430,000           10.98 Onshore preference shares            –        –          –
          005L – FH002 Shanghai
  3   China Life Insurance Company Limited – Traditional – Ordinary Insurance    Other                               –      38,400,000           10.97 Onshore preference shares            –        –          –
          Products – 005L – CT001 Shanghai
  4   Ping An Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd. – Universal – Individual     Other                               –      30,700,000            8.77 Onshore preference shares            –        –          –
          Universal Insurance
  5   Ping An Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd. – Dividend – Dividends       Other                               –      30,700,000            8.77 Onshore preference shares            –        –          –
          for Individual Insurance
  6   BOCOM Schroder Asset Management – BOCOM – BOCOM Schroder Asset             Other                      +25,700,000     25,700,000            7.34 Onshore preference shares            –        –          –
         Management Excellence No. 2 Collective Asset Management Plan
  7   AXA SPDB Investment Managers Co., Ltd. – SPDB – Shanghai Pudong            Other                               –      21,930,000            6.27 Onshore preference shares            –        –          –
         Development Bank Shanghai Branch
  8   Aegon-Industrial Ruizhong Assets – Ping An Bank – Ping An Bank Co., Ltd.   Other                               –      15,350,000            4.39 Onshore preference shares            –        –          –
  9   TruValue Asset Management – China Merchants Bank – China Merchants Bank Other                                  –      10,960,000            3.13 Onshore preference shares            –        –          –
         Co., Ltd.
  10 BOCOM Schroder Fund Management – Minsheng Bank – China Minsheng             Other                               –       8,770,000            2.51 Onshore preference shares            –        –          –
        Bank Co., Ltd.
      China Resources SZITIC Trust Co., Ltd. – No. 1 Single Investment Trust Fund Other                              –       8,770,000            2.51 Onshore preference shares            –        –          –

Notes:    (1)      The shareholdings of the preference shareholders were calculated based on the information contained in the preference-share register of the Bank.
          (2)      Note on related relations or concerted actions of the above preference shareholders: Based on publicly available information, the Bank came to the
                   preliminary conclusion that there was related relation between China Life Insurance Company Limited – Dividend – Individual Dividend – 005L –
                   FH002 Shanghai and China Life Insurance Company Limited – Traditional – Ordinary Insurance Products – 005L – CT001 Shanghai, between Ping An
                   Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd. – Universal – Individual Universal Insurance and Ping An Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd. – Dividend –
                   Dividends for Individual Insurance, and between BOCOM Schroder Asset Management – BOCOM – BOCOM Schroder Asset Management Excellence
                   No. 2 Collective Asset Management Plan and BOCOM Schroder Fund Management – Minsheng Bank – China Minsheng Bank Co., Ltd. Except for
                   these, the Bank was not aware of any related relation or related action between the above-mentioned preference shareholders or between the above-
                   mentioned preference shareholders and the top 10 ordinary shareholders.
          (3)      “Shareholding percentage” means the number of preference shares held by preference shareholders accounting for in the total issued preference shares.




                                                                                                                                                                                      2020 Annual Report            123
      Chapter 6 Preference Shares




          6.3 Dividend Distribution for Preference Shares

      6.3.1 Policy on profit distribution of preference shares
      The Bank’s preference shares shall apply a nominal dividend rate subject to phase-specific adjustment, i.e., every five years as
      of the payment date of the subscribed shares constitutes an interest-bearing period and each period applies the same nominal
      dividend rate. The nominal dividend rate for the first interest-bearing period was set at 3.80% by way of book finding. Cash
      dividends shall be paid for the above-mentioned preference shares on an annual basis, with the interest-bearing principal
      calculated as the total par value of the issued ongoing preference shares and the interest start date being the payment date
      of the subscribed shares (i.e., 26 October 2016). Dividends on the above preference shares shall not be cumulative, i.e.,
      the shortage from a full-amount dividend payout in the current year will not be accumulated to the next interest-bearing
      year. Except for access to the dividends agreed upon in accordance with the issuance plan, the above-mentioned preference
      shareholders shall not participate in the distribution of surplus profits together with the ordinary shareholders.

      6.3.2 Payment of dividends on preference shares during the reporting period
      The Bank adopted the 2020 Plan on Payment of Dividends on Preference Shares at the Board meeting convened on 27
      August 2020, approving that the preference share dividends accrued between 26 October 2019 and 25 October 2020
      would be paid on 26 October 2020. On 26 October 2020, the Bank paid dividends on the preference shares to all the
      shareholders of “CITIC Excellent 1” (preference share stock code: 360025) registered with China Securities Depository and
      Clearing Corporation Limited Shanghai Branch at the close of SSE trading as at 23 October 2020. The Bank paid out a
      preference dividend of RMB3.80 per share (before tax), which was calculated at a nominal dividend rate of 3.80%, with
      the total dividend payment for 350 million preference shares amounting to RMB1.330 billion (before tax).

      6.3.3 Amounts and ratios of dividend distribution for preference shares in the
            recent three years
                                                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB million
       Item                                                                                             2020                            2019                     2018
       Distribution amount                                                                            1,330                            1,330                    1,330
       Distribution ratio                                                                             100%                             100%                     100%

      Notes:   (1)   Distribution ratio is the ratio of the total amount of dividends paid out to the dividends payable for the corresponding year.
               (2)   The interest start date shall be the payment date of the subscribed shares, i.e., 26 October 2016.




          6.4 Redemption or Conversion of Preference Shares

      No preference share of the Bank was redeemed or converted during the reporting period.



          6.5 Restoration of Voting Right of Preference Shares

      During the reporting period, there was no matter that restored the voting right of preference shares.



          6.6 Accounting Policies for Preference Shares and the Underlying Reasons

      According to the relevant accounting standards promulgated by the Ministry of Finance (MOF), namely, Accounting
      Standards for Enterprises No. 22 – Recognition and Measurement of Financial Instruments and Accounting Standards for
      Enterprises No. 37 – Presentation of Financial Instruments, and pursuant to the principal terms of the preference share
      issuance, the above-mentioned preference shares are eligible to be classified as equity instrument. Hence, the preference
      shares are accounted equity instrument.


124   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
Chapter 7 Convertible Corporate Bonds

   7.1 Overview

On 4 March 2019, the Bank completed the issuance of 40 million board lots of A-share convertible corporate bonds
(hereinafter referred to as “A-share convertible bonds” for short), with each issued at the face value of RMB100 at par,
raising total proceeds of RMB40 billion, which came to net proceeds of RMB39.9156402 billion after deduction of the
issuance costs. These A-share convertible bonds, referred to as “CITIC Convertible Bonds” with the code of 113021,
were listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange for trading on 19 March 2019. All proceeds from the issuance of A-share
convertible bonds have been used for operation to support business development, and will be used to replenish the Bank’s
core tier-one capital after the conversion to shares according to relevant regulations.

Please refer to the relevant announcements published on the official websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews
(www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) for details thereof.



   7.2 A -share Convertible Bond Holders and Guarantors during the
       Reporting Period

                                                                                                         Unit: RMB Yuan
 Convertible bond holders at the period end (accounts)                                                          19,885
 Guarantors of convertible bonds of the Bank                                                                     None
                                                                                   Nominal value of
                                                                                   bonds held at the      Percentage of
 Name of top ten convertible bond holders                                          end of the period    bonds held (%)
 CITIC Corporation Limited                                                           26,388,000,000               65.97
 China National Tobacco Corporation                                                   2,521,129,000                6.30
 Special account for collateralized bond repurchase in the securities
   depository and clearing system (Industrial and Commercial Bank
   of China)                                                                          1,488,678,000                3.72
 Special account for collateralized bond repurchase in the securities
   depository and clearing system (China Construction Bank)                             550,524,000                1.38
 China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. – Hongde Zhiyuan Hybrid Securities
   Investment Fund                                                                      526,005,000                1.32
 Special account for collateralized bond repurchase in the securities
   depository and clearing system (China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.)                      507,414,000                1.27
 Special account for collateralized bond repurchase in the securities
   depository and clearing system (Bank of China)                                       373,000,000                0.93
 Special account for collateralized bond repurchase in the securities
   depository and clearing system (China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.)                  359,807,000                0.90
 Special account for collateralized bond repurchase in the securities
   depository and clearing system (Industrial Bank Co., Ltd.)                           288,446,000                0.72
 Special account for collateralized bond repurchase in the securities depository
   and clearing system (GF Securities Co., Ltd.)                                        282,061,000                0.71




                                                                                                       2020 Annual Report   125
      Chapter 7 Convertible Corporate Bonds




         7.3 Changes in A-share Convertible Bonds during the Reporting Period

      For the A-share convertible bonds issued by the Bank, the commencement date of the conversion period was 11 September
      2019, i.e., the first trading day after six months from the completion of the issuance; and the ending date will be 3 March
      2025, i.e., the bond maturity date. As at the end of the reporting period, a total of RMB300,000 CITIC Convertible
      Bonds have been converted to A-share ordinary shares of the Bank, making the total number of converted shares reaching
      41,996, which accounted for 0.00008582% of the total ordinary shares issued by the Bank before the conversion of CITIC
      Convertible Bonds.



         7.4 Previous Adjustments of Conversion Prices

      According to the related articles of the Prospectus on the Public Issuance of the A Share Convertible Corporate Bonds of China
      CITIC Bank Corporation Limited as well as other applicable laws and regulations, after the issuance of A-share convertible
      bonds, the Bank will accordingly adjust the conversion price of the A-share convertible bonds in case that changes take
      place to the Bank’s shares due to the distribution of stock dividends, transfer of share capital, issuance of new shares, and
      rights issue (excluding the share capital increase due to the conversion of convertible bonds issued this time) and that
      the Bank distributes cash dividends. The initial conversion price of CITIC Convertible Bonds was RMB7.45 per share.
      After the Bank distributed cash dividends for A-share ordinary shares for 2018 on 22 July 2019, the conversion price was
      adjusted from RMB7.45 per share to RMB7.22 per share. After the Bank distributed cash dividends for A-share ordinary
      shares for 2019 on 15 July 2020, the conversion price was adjusted from RMB7.22 per share to RMB6.98 per share.
      Previous adjustments to conversion prices are set out in the table below:

                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB Yuan
       Date of conversion      Conversion price                                                      Reasons for conversion
       price adjustment        after adjustment Disclosure date       Media of disclosure            price adjustment
       22 July 2019                          7.22 15 July 2019       China Securities Journal,      The implementation of profit
                                                                       Shanghai Securities News,      distribution for ordinary
                                                                       Securities Times, website of   shares (A share) for 2018
                                                                       SSE, website of the Bank
       15 July 2020                         6.98 8 July 2020         China Securities Journal,      The implementation of profit
                                                                       Shanghai Securities News,      distribution for ordinary
                                                                       Securities Times, website of   shares (A share) for 2019
                                                                       SSE, website of the Bank
       The latest conversion price at the end of the reporting period                                                       6.98



         7.5 The Bank’s Outstanding Debts, Creditworthiness and Availability
              of Cash for Repayment of Debts in Future Years

      In accordance with the applicable provisions in the Administrative Measures for the Issuance of Securities by Listed Companies
      and the Administrative Measures for the Issuance and Trading of Corporate Bonds of CSRC, the Bank entrusted the credit
      rating agency Dagong Global Credit Rating Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Dagong Global” for short) to track
      and rate the credit standing of the A-share convertible bonds the Bank issued in March 2019. Dagong Global issued the
      Tracking Rating Report on China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited as the Issuer and its Publicly Offered A-share Convertible
      Corporate Bonds (2020) which stated the rating results that: maintaining the Bank’s long-term credit rating at AAA with
      a stable outlook and the credit rating of CITIC Convertible Bonds at AAA. The Bank managed to remain stable in all
      aspects of operation, as exemplified by the reasonable asset structure, the steady liabilities without obvious changes, and the
      robust credit position. In future years, income from normal operations, cash inflows, and realization of current assets will
      constitute the principal cash sources for the Bank’s debt service.




126   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
Chapter 8 Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates

    8.1 Basic Information on Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
         Members of the Bank (as at the disclosure date of this report)

8.1.1 Board of Directors
                                                                                                                                                                 Pre-tax payable
                                                                                                                                                            remuneration earned Whether receiving
                                                                                                                                                           from the Bank during remuneration from
                                                                                                                             Year-beginning       Year-end the reporting period the Bank’s related
 Name                  Position                                                 Gender   Date of birth Term of office          shareholding   shareholding    (RMB10 thousand)      party (parties)
 Fang Heying           Executive Director, President, Chief Financial Officer   Male     Jun. 1966      Sep. 2018-May 2021               0        715,000                238.28                 Yes
 Cao Guoqiang          Non-executive Director                                   Male     Dec. 1964      Sep. 2018-May 2021               0              0                     –                 Yes
 Guo Danghuai          Executive Director & Vice President                      Male     May 1964       Sep. 2019-May 2021               0        636,000                159.85                 No
 Huang Fang            Non-executive Director                                   Female   May 1973       Nov. 2016-May 2021               0              0                     –                 Yes
 Wan Liming            Non-executive Director                                   Male     May 1966       Jun. 2016-May 2021               0              0                     –                 Yes
 He Cao                Independent Non-Executive Director                       Male     Sep. 1955      Jun. 2016-May 2021               0              0                 28.16                 No
 Chen Lihua            Independent Non-Executive Director                       Female   Sep. 1962      Jun. 2016-May 2021               0              0                 28.16                 No
 Qian Jun              Independent Non-Executive Director                       Male     Jul. 1970      Dec. 2016-May 2021               0              0                 30.61                 No
 Yan Lap Kei Isaac     Independent Non-Executive Director                       Male     Oct. 1960      Sep. 2018-May 2021               0              0                 30.00                 No

Notes:       (1)     The starting time of the terms of office of the re-elected/re-engaged directors, supervisors and senior management members listed in 8.1 of this report is
                     the time of their respective initial appointment/engagement.
             (2)     Changes in shares of the Bank held by directors, supervisors and senior management members listed in 8.1 of this report were caused by shareholding
                     increase in the secondary market and those shares are all ordinary H shares of the Bank.
             (3)     The final remunerations of those directors, supervisors and senior management members of the Bank are still undergoing confirmation, of which the
                     remaining amounts shall be disclosed upon completion of the confirmation process. The same applies below.
             (4)     The non-executive director (not including independent non-executive director) receive no remuneration for director from the Bank and shareholder
                     representative supervisor receive no remuneration for supervisor from the Bank.
             (5)     Mr. Fang Heying received his remuneration from January to November 2020 at the Bank. According to the relevant national regulations, Mr. Fang
                     Heying has been receiving remuneration from CITIC Limited since December 2020.



8.1.2 Board of Supervisors
                                                                                                                                                                 Pre-tax payable
                                                                                                                                                            remuneration earned Whether receiving
                                                                                                                                                           from the Bank during remuneration from
                                                                                                                             Year-beginning       Year-end the reporting period the Bank’s related
 Name                Position                                                   Gender   Date of birth Term of office          shareholding   shareholding    (RMB10 thousand)      party (parties)
 Liu Cheng           Chairman of the Board of Supervisors, Employee             Male     Dec. 1967      Apr. 2018–May 2021               0             0                 172.60                 No
                        Representative Supervisor
 Jia Xiangsen        External Supervisor                                        Male     Apr. 1955      May 2015–May 2021                0              0                 27.55                 No
 Zheng Wei           External Supervisor                                        Male     Mar. 1974      May 2015–May 2021                0              0                 27.52                 No
 Wei Guobin          External Supervisor                                        Male     Mar. 1959      May 2020-May 2021                0              0                 15.88                 No
 Li Rong             Shareholder Representative Supervisor                      Female   Apr. 1968      Jan. 2021-May 2021               –              –                     –                  –
 Li Gang             Employee Representative Supervisor                         Male     Mar. 1969      Aug. 2019–May 2021               0              0                144.30                 No
 Chen Panwu          Employee Representative Supervisor                         Male     Jan. 1964      Sep. 2017–May 2021               0              0                190.86                 No
 Zeng Yufang         Employee Representative Supervisor                         Female   Dec. 1970      Sep. 2017–May 2021               0        188,000                117.58                 No

Note:        Ms. Li Rong was elected as shareholder representative supervisor for the 5th Session of the Board of Supervisors at the 1st Extraordinary General Meeting of
             2021 held on 14 January 2021.




                                                                                                                                                                      2020 Annual Report              127
      Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




      8.1.3 Senior Management Members
                                                                                                                                                                      Pre-tax payable
                                                                                                                                                                 remuneration earned Whether receiving
                                                                                                                                                                from the Bank during remuneration from
                                                                                                                                  Year-beginning       Year-end the reporting period the Bank’s related
       Name             Position                                                 Gender   Date of birth Term of office              shareholding   shareholding    (RMB10 thousand)      party (parties)
       Fang Heying      Executive Director, President, Chief Financial Officer   Male     Jun. 1966       Since Nov. 2014                     0        715,000                 238.28                  Yes
       Guo Danghuai     Executive Director & Vice President                      Male     May 1964        Since Nov. 2014                     0        636,000                 159.85                  No
       Hu Gang          Vice President & Chief Risk Officer                      Male     Mar. 1967       Since May 2017                      0        666,000                 159.85                  No
       Xie Zhibin       Vice President                                           Male     May 1969        Since Feb. 2019                     0              0                 160.77                  No
       Xiao Huan        Secretary of the Committee for Disciplinary Inspection   Male     Jul. 1972       Since Dec. 2019                     0        640,000                 139.85                  No
       Lu Wei           Business Director                                        Male     Oct. 1971       Since Jan. 2017                     0        530,000                 178.45                  No
       Lü Tiangui       Business Director                                        Male     Oct. 1972       Since Aug. 2018                     0        550,000                 176.12                  No
       Lu Jingen        Business Director                                        Male     Jun. 1969       Since Aug. 2018                     0        165,000                 187.95                  No
       Zhang Qing       Secretary to the Board of Directors                      Female   Aug. 1968       Since Jul. 2019                     0        550,000                 190.26                  No
       Liu Honghua      Business Director                                        Male     May 1964        Since Aug. 2019                     0        540,000                 189.78                  No


      8.1.4 Non-incumbent Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management Members
                                                                                                                                                                                       Whether receiving
                                                                                                                                                                      Pre-tax payable remuneration from
                                                                                                                                                                 remuneration earned the Bank’s related
                                                                                                                                                                from the Bank during       party (parties)
                                                                                                        Start and ending          Year-beginning       Year-end the reporting period during the term of
       Name             Position prior to departure from office                  Gender   Date of birth time of term of office      shareholding   shareholding    (RMB10 thousand) office with the Bank
       Li Qingping      Chairperson, Executive Director                          Female   Oct. 1962       Mar. 2014 – Mar. 2021               0        150,000                     —                   Yes
       Wang Xiuhong     External Supervisor                                      Female   Oct. 1946       Jan. 2014 – May. 2020               0              0                  11.61                  No
       Deng Changqing   Shareholder Representative Supervisor                    Male     Apr. 1973       May 2018 – Dec. 2020                0              0                     —                   Yes
       Yang Yu          Vice President                                           Male     Dec. 1962       Dec. 2015 – Sep. 2020               0              0                 123.91                  No

      As at the end of the reporting period, none of the directors, supervisors and senior management members, whether
      incumbent or non-incumbent during the reporting period, was subject to penalties imposed by the securities regulatory
      authorities in the past three years.




128   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
   Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




   8.2 Resumes of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management Members

8.2.1 Directors




Mr. Fang Heying                            Mr. Cao Guoqiang                             Mr. Guo Danghuai
Chinese Nationality                        Chinese Nationality                          Chinese Nationality

Secretary of the Party committee,          Non-executive director of the Bank. Mr. Party committee member, executive
executive director, President and Chief    Cao has served as chief financial officer director and Vice President of the
Financial Officer of the Bank. Mr. Fang    of CITIC Limited since April 2018. Bank. He is concurrently a director
has served as deputy general manager       He is concurrently a director of CITIC of CITIC International Financial
of CITIC Group Corporation Limited,        Metal Co., Ltd., CITIC Agriculture H o l d i n g s L i m i t e d , C N C B ( H o n g
deputy general manager and member          Limited, CITIC Myanmar (Hong Kong) Investment Co., Ltd., CITIC
of the executive committee of CITIC        Kong) Holdings Limited and CITIC B a n k I n t e r n a t i o n a l L i m i t e d a n d
Limited, and deputy general manager        Heye Investment Co., Ltd. since April CITIC aiBank Corporation Limited,
of CITIC Corporation Limited since         2018. Mr. Cao used to be a deputy a n d c h a i r m a n o f C I T I C W e a l t h
December 2020, and as a Party              chief staff member and deputy section Management Corporation Limited.
committee member of CITIC Group            chief of the planning and treasury Previously, Mr. Guo was vice president
Corporation Limited since November         division of the PBOC Shaanxi branch; o f B e i j i n g B r a n c h , p r e s i d e n t o f
2020. Mr. Fang is concurrently a           assistant general manager, deputy Shenyang Branch, president of Tianjin
director of CITIC International            general manager and general manager of Branch, general manager of Business
Financial Holdings Limited and CITIC       the planning and treasury department Department of Head Office (currently
Bank International Limited. Prior to       at the Head Office of China Merchants Beijing Branch) the general manager
that, Mr. Fang was president of the        Bank (CMB); general manager of the of International Business Department,
Bank’s Suzhou Branch, president of the     Budget and Finance Department of the assistant vice president and chief audit
Bank’s Hangzhou Branch, and head of        Head Office, assistant president, vice officer of the Bank, and concurrently
the Bank’s financial markets business,     president and chairman of the Board served as a director of CNCB (Hong
and vice president of the Bank. He         of Supervisors of the Bank; and general Kong) Capital Limited and China
was a teacher at Zhejiang Banking          manager of the Finance Department of UnionPay Co., Ltd. Mr. Guo has over
School, assistant general manager of the   CITIC Group Corporation Limited. 30 years of work experience in the
credit department of the experimental      Mr. Cao has over 30 years’ experience Chinese banking industry. He graduated
urban credit cooperative of Zhejiang       in the Chinese banking industry. from Peking University with a master’s
Banking School, and deputy director        He graduated from Hunan College degree in business administration. He is
of Hangzhou Chengdong Office               of Finance and Economics with a a senior economist.
of Shanghai Pudong Development             bachelor’s degree in monetary banking
Bank. Mr. Fang has over 20 years of        and obtained his master’s degree in
experience in the Chinese banking          monetary banking from Shaanxi College
industry. He graduated from Peking         of Finance and Economics. He is a
University with a master’s degree in       senior economist.
business administration for senior
management member. He is a senior
economist.


                                                                                                                2020 Annual Report      129
      Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




      Ms. Huang Fang                              Mr. Wan Liming                                 Mr. He Cao
      Chinese Nationality                         Chinese Nationality                            Chinese Nationality

      Non-executive director of the Bank. Ms. Non-executive director of the Bank. Mr.            Independent non-executive director of
      Huang has served as a director of Xinhu Wan has served as deputy inspector-                the Bank. Mr. He used to be chairman,
      Zhongbao Co., Ltd. since November general of the Institute of Economics                    executive director and CEO of
      2015, a director of Zhejiang Xinhu (Policy Research Office) of the State                   Franshion Properties (China) Co., Ltd.,
      Group Co., Ltd. since August 2013, Tobacco Monopoly Administration                         chairman of Jinmao Investment and
      and vice president and chief financial s i n c e J u n e 2 0 2 0 . H e h a s s e r v e d   Jinmao (China) Investment Holding
      officer of Zhejiang Xinhu Group Co., multiple positions at Yunnan Tobacco                  Co., Ltd., president, vice chairman and
      Ltd. since July 2011. Previously, Ms. Monopoly Administration (Company),                   chairman of China Jinmao (Group)
      Huang worked at Agricultural Bank of including deputy chief and chief of the               Co., Ltd. and Assistant to the President
      China (ABC) where she successively finance division, chief of the financial                of Sinochem Corporation (regarded
      served as deputy general manager of the management and audit division, deputy              as a vice president of Sinochem from
      international business department at chief accountant and chief of the                     2013 onward). Previously, Mr. He once
      the Zhejiang Provincial Branch business financial management division; deputy              served as co-chair of the “China Hotel
      department, deputy general manager director general, director general of the               Owner Alliance” under the China Hotel
      (presiding) of Hangzhou Baojiao sub- Financial Management and Supervision                  Industry Association, and vice president
      branch, deputy general manager of the Division (Audit Division) of the State               of the All-China Real Estate Chamber
      corporate banking unit at the Zhejiang Tobacco Monopoly Administration;                    of Commerce. In addition, he was a
      Provincial Branch business department, and deputy general manager (presiding)              delegate to the 12nd and 13rd session
      deputy general manager (presiding) of China Shuangwei Investment Co.,                      of the Shanghai Municipal People’s
      and general manager of the personal Ltd. Previously, Mr. Wan worked at                     Congress and was named Shanghai’s
      finance unit at the Zhejiang Provincial Yunnan Finance and Trade College and               model worker and one of the economic
      Branch business department; and was Yunnan Tobacco Travel Company. Mr.                     figures in Shanghai Pudong’s 20-year
      vice president and chief financial officer Wan graduated from the Department               development and opening-up. Mr. He
      of Xinhu Holdings Limited. Ms. Huang of Industrial Economics at Renmin                     graduated from Renmin University of
      graduated from Zhejiang University University of China with a bachelor’s                   China with a degree in economics, and
      with a bachelor’s degree in law. She is degree in economic management of                   from the Graduate School of Political
      an intermediate economist.                 capital construction. He is a senior            Economics in Jilin University, and
                                                 accountant.                                     obtained his MBA from the China
                                                                                                 Europe International Business School.
                                                                                                 He is a senior economist.




130   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
   Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




Ms. Chen Lihua                                   Mr. Qian Jun                                         Yan Lap Kei Isaac
Chinese Nationality                              Chinese Nationality                                  Chinese (Hong Kong) Nationality
Independent non-executive director of            Independent non-executive director of the Independent non-executive director of
the Bank. Ms. Chen is a professor and            Bank. Mr. Qian is a professor of finance the Bank. Mr. Yan joined Arthur Young
Ph.D. tutor of the Management Science            and executive dean of Fanhai International & Co. (UK) and KPMG Certified Public
and Information System Department of             School of Finance at Fudan University, Accountants (UK), and served as assistant
Guanghua School of Management at Peking          a research fellow at the Wharton School m a n a g e r , m a n a g e r , s e n i o r m a n a g e r
University, and also an executive director       of the University of Pennsylvania and and partner at KPMG Certified Public
of the Center for Research of Circulation        an associate editor of the Frontiers of Accountants (Hong Kong). He served as a
Economy and Management, director                 Economics in China, an international partner at KPMG Huazhen Certified Public
of Liantai Supply Chain Research and             academic journal. Previously, Mr. Qian Accountants LLP and established the quality
Development Center, and deputy dean of           was a lifetime professor of finance at the control and risk management department
the China National Institute for Research of     Carroll School of Management of Boston of KPMG (China). Mr. Yan used to serve
Development Strategy on Hi-Tech Industry         College, a visiting associate professor at as a consulting expert of the former China
Development Zone of Peking University. In        MIT’s Sloan School of Management, a B a n k i n g R e g u l a t o r y C o m m i s s i o n , a n
addition, she is vice president of the China     special-term professor of finance at the accounting standards consulting expert of
Society of Logistics, director of the Supply     School of Economics and Management the PRC Ministry of Finance, a consultant
Chain and Logistics Committee of the China       of Tsinghua University, a special-term to the Accounting Department of the
Management Science Society, an expert with       professor, professor and Ph.D. tutor, China Securities Regulatory Commission
special contribution to the logistics industry   c o - d i r e c t o r o f t h e E M B A p r o g r a m , (full-time for a year), a member of the
over the 40 years of China’s reform and          and co-director of the EMBA/DBA/EE Delisting Committee of the Shenzhen Stock
opening-up, a core expert in the National        program at Shanghai Advanced Institute Exchange, and a member of the China
Strategy Research Group for Supply Chain         of Finance (SAIF) of Shanghai Jiao Technical Professionals Group, Professional
Innovation and Application, and an expert        Tong University, deputy dean of the Standards Supervisory Committee and Risk
on national high-tech zones engaged by           China Academy of Financial Research of Management Committee of the Hong Kong
the Ministry of Science and Technology.          Shanghai Jiao Tong University, and an Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He
Ms. Chen is currently an independent             associate editor of the Review of Finance, was a visiting professor at Beijing National
director of CWT International Limited and        an international academic journal. Mr. Accounting Institute and Shanghai National
Zhongrong Fund Management Co., Ltd.,             Qian obtained his B.S. degree from the Accounting Institute. He also participated
general manager of Beijing Jun Shi Century       University of Iowa and his Ph.D. from the in the review of the first draft of the audit
Information Technology Co., Ltd., and an         University of Pennsylvania, and did his and accounting standards issued by the
independent director of Tiger, a Singaporean     undergraduate program at the Department PRC Ministry of Finance and the English
listed company. She received a Bachelor          of International Economics of Fudan translation work of the audit standards. Mr.
of Science degree and a Master of Science        University. Mr. Qian’s research interests Yan graduated from Liverpool University
degree from Jilin University of Technology,      span many topics of theoretical and with an (accounting) Bachelor of Arts
got her doctoral degree in management            empirical corporate finance and financial degree, and has the chartered accountant
science from the City University of Hong         institutions, including commercial and qualification in England and Wales as well
Kong, and did her post-doctoral studies at       investment banking, mutual and hedge as the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
the Institute of Mathematics and Systems         funds, credit rating agencies, mergers Public Accountants fellowship. Mr. Yan
Science of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.      and acquisitions, legal systems related to has abundant experience in aspects such as
In her capacity as leader or research            finance, comparison of financial systems accounting, audit and risk management, and
backbone, Ms. Chen has participated in           i n e m e r g i n g m a r k e t s , d e v e l o p m e n t used to participate many times in the public
numerous international cooperation projects      of financial systems during China’s listing and annual audit of state-owned large
and key research and development projects        economic transformation, and financial and medium-sized enterprises in industries
sponsored by the National Natural Science        risk prevention and control. He published including finance, telecommunications,
Foundation, ministries and provincial            multiple research papers on top academic electricity and manufacturing. He enjoys
governments in China. She also sits on the       j o u r n a l s , a n d c o n t r i b u t e d c h a p t e r s a wealth of practical experience in merger,
review and assessment panels of multiple         of several books on financial system acquisition, restructuring and public listing
domestic and foreign academic journals,          development. His books recently finished projects in the Chinese mainland and Hong
and has published numerous papers on             include Power of China’s Finance.                             Kong capital markets.
prestigious international publications.

                                                                                                                                 2020 Annual Report          131
      Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




      8.2.2 Supervisors




      Mr. Liu Cheng                           Mr. Jia Xiangsen                        Mr. Zheng Wei
      Chinese Nationality                     Chinese Nationality                     Chinese Nationality

      Deputy secretary of the Party committee, External supervisor of the Bank. Mr. External supervisor of the Bank. Mr.
      chairman of the Board of Supervisors Jia is currently an external supervisor Zheng is the dean, professor and Ph.D.
      and employee representative supervisor of of Bank of China Limited and an tutor at the risk management and
      the Bank. Mr. Liu used to be a secretary independent director of China Life insurance science department of School
      at the division chief level, a secretary at Insurance Company Limited. He used of Economics of Peking University,
      the deputy director general level and a to be vice president of Beijing Branch and concurrently serves as independent
      secretary at the director general level at of Agricultural Bank of China (“ABC”), director of Xinhua Life Insurance
      the General Office of the State Council; general manager of the corporate Co., Ltd., independent director of
      and an official at the division chief level, banking department of ABC Head Donghai Shipping Insurance Co.,
      a first Secretary, a researcher and deputy Office, president of ABC Guangdong Ltd., independent director of PICC
      division chief of Division One of the Branch, director general of the audit Reinsurance Co., Ltd., and board
      Second Secretary Bureau at the General bureau at ABC Head Office, and chief director of Shanghai Nanyan Information
      Office of the State Council. Previously, audit executive and director general of Technology Co., Ltd. Mr. Zheng
      he was an assistant researcher and the audit bureau at ABC Head Office. graduated from the School of Economics
      researcher of the Finance Division under Prior to that, Mr. Jia worked at PBOC of Peking University majoring in finance
      the Finance Department of the National Beijing Branch. Mr. Jia graduated from with a doctoral degree in economics.
      Development and Reform Commission. the graduate school of the Chinese
      Mr. Liu graduated from the Finance Academy of Social Sciences majoring
      Department of the Central College of in monetary banking with a master’s
      Finance and Economics (now Central degree of economics.
      University of Finance and Economics),
      and the School of Finance at Renmin
      University of China, and obtained a
      bachelor’s degree, a master’s degree and a
      doctoral degree in economics.




132   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
   Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




Mr. Wei Guobin                              Ms. Li Rong                                 Mr. Li Gang
Chinese Nationality                         Chinese Nationality                         Chinese Nationality

External supervisor of the Bank. Mr. Employee representative supervisor of Employee representative supervisor
Wei served as a board director of BOC the Bank. Ms. Li is currently the general o f t h e B a n k . M r . L i i s c u r r e n t l y
Hong Kong Investment Co., Ltd. and manager of the Compliance Department the general manager of the Bank’s
chairman of the board of supervisors of the Bank. Previously, she served Audit Department. Previously, he
o f Z h o n g y i S h a n y u a n ( B e i j i n g ) as general manager of Retail Banking served as assistant general manager
Technology Co., Ltd. Prior to that, he Department, assistant president and and deputy general manager of the
worked at Bank of China Limited and vice president of the Bank’s Chongqing B u d g e t a n d F i n a n c e D e p a r t m e n t
served successively as assistant president Branch, and general manager of the o f t h e B a n k ; g e n e r a l m a n a g e r o f
and deputy president of Hebei Branch, Interbank Business Department of the the Bank’s Compliance and Audit
president of Shanxi Branch, general Bank. Prior to that, Ms. Li worked Department; general manager of the
manager of the Personal Banking at the Chongqing Branch of China Audit Department; and president
Department of the Head Office, and Merchants Bank Co., Ltd., serving of the Bank’s Hefei Branch. Prior
president of Hunan Branch. Mr. Wei is successively as deputy director of the to that, he worked at the Business
a senior economist, and graduated from General Office, general manager of the Department of the Bank’s Head Office
Hebei Banking School with a degree in Personal Banking Department, general (now the Beijing Branch) and CITIC
finance.                                            manager of the Business Department, Daxie Development Limited. Mr. Li
                                                    general manager of the Retail Banking graduated from Peking University with
                                                    Department, etc. Ms. Li graduated from a degree of executive master of business
                                                    Chongqing University with a master’s administration.
                                                    degree of business administration.




                                                                                                              2020 Annual Report      133
      Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




      Mr. Chen Panwu                            Ms. Zeng Yufang
      Chinese Nationality                       Chinese Nationality

      Employee representative supervisor of     Employee representative supervisor
      the Bank. Mr. Chen serves as general      of the Bank. Ms. Zeng serves as vice
      manager of the Bank’s Culture and         president of the Bank’s Guangzhou
      Labor Union Department, and executive     Branch. Earlier, she was deputy
      vice chairman of the labor union of       general manager and general manager
      the Bank. Prior to that, he was general   of the accounting department of the
      manager of the personnel department,      Bank’s Shenzhen Branch, and assistant
      assistant president and concurrently      president and vice president of the
      general manager of the human resources    branch. Prior to that, she was assistant
      department of the Bank’s Hangzhou         chief of the finance and accounting
      Branch; deputy general manager            division of State Development Bank
      and general manager of the Human          Shenzhen Branch. Ms. Zeng graduated
      Resources Department of the Bank’s        from East-West University of the USA
      Head Office; and general manager of       with a master’s degree in business
      the Culture, Labor Union Office &         administration.
      Security Department of the Bank’s
      Head Office. Mr. Chen graduated from
      Suzhou University with a doctoral
      degree in finance.




134   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
   Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




8.2.3 Senior Management Members




Mr. Fang Heying                            Mr. Guo Danghuai                          Mr. Hu Gang
Chinese Nationality                        Chinese Nationality                       Chinese Nationality

Secretary of the Party Committee,          Party Committee member, executive P a r t y C o m m i t t e e m e m b e r , V i c e
executive director, President and Chief    director and Vice President of the President and Chief Risk Officer of
Financial Officer of the Bank. Please      Bank. Please refer to “Directors” in this the Bank. Mr. Hu used to be deputy
refer to “Directors” in this chapter for   chapter for Mr. Guo’s resume.             head of the preparatory team for the
Mr. Fang’s resume.                                                                   establishment of the Bank’s Changsha
                                                                                     Branch, Party committee member and
                                                                                     vice president of Changsha Branch;
                                                                                     Party committee member, vice
                                                                                     president, secretary of Party committee
                                                                                     and president of the Bank’s Chongqing
                                                                                     Branch; secretary of Party committee
                                                                                     and president of the Bank’s Shanghai
                                                                                     Branch; head of the wholesale business
                                                                                     and Chief Risk Officer of the Bank.
                                                                                     Prior to that, he successively worked
                                                                                     for the Political Department of Hunan
                                                                                     Provincial Procuratorate, and served as
                                                                                     deputy section chief at the personnel
                                                                                     department of Hunan Provincial Party
                                                                                     Committee Office, Assistant General
                                                                                     Manager and General Manager of
                                                                                     Beihaixiang Properties Development
                                                                                     Company, Vice Chairman of the
                                                                                     company’s affiliated Hongdu Enterprise
                                                                                     Company(both affiliated to Hunan
                                                                                     Zhongli Industrial Group Co., Ltd.,)
                                                                                     and Chairman of Changsha Xiangcai
                                                                                     Urban Credit Cooperative in Hunan
                                                                                     Province. Mr. Hu graduated from
                                                                                     Hunan University with a doctoral
                                                                                     degree in economics. He has over 20
                                                                                     years of experience in the Chinese
                                                                                     banki ng i ndus t ry and i s a se nior
                                                                                     economist.



                                                                                                           2020 Annual Report    135
      Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




      Mr. Xie Zhibin                              Mr. Xiao Huan                           Mr. Lu Wei
      Chinese Nationality                         Chinese Nationality                     Chinese Nationality

      Party Committee member and Vice             Party Committee member and Secretary Party Committee member and Business
      President of the Bank. Mr. Xie serves       of the Committee for Disciplinary Director of the Bank. Mr. Lu serves
      as a director of China UnionPay             Inspection of the Bank. Mr. Xiao once as secretary of Party committee and
      Co., Ltd. Previously, he was a Party        worked at CITIC Group, and served as president of the Bank’s Shenzhen
      Committee member and assistant              head of the Organization Division of Branch, deputy head of the preparatory
      general manager of China Export Credit      the Organization Department (Human team for the establishment of the
      Insurance Corporation (during which         Resources and Education Department) Bank’s Hong Kong Branch, and a board
      he temporarily worked as a standing         of the Party Committee of CITIC director of JSC Altyn Bank. Previously,
      member of the Party Committee and           Group; deputy chief and chief of the Mr. Lu was deputy general manager of
      Deputy Mayor of Hohhot City in              Organization Division and assistant the Business Department of the Bank’s
      Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region);          director of the Party Affairs Department Head Office (currently Beijing Branch),
      and Secretary of the Committee              of CITIC Group; deputy secretary general manager of the Budget and
      for Disciplinary Inspection and             (temporary post) and deputy secretary Finance Department, general manager
      Party Committee member of China             of the Committee for Disciplinary of the Asset and Liability Department,
      Everbright Group Co., Ltd. Prior to         Inspection and general manager of Board Secretary, Company Secretary and
      that, Mr. Xie served as assistant general   Department for Disciplinary Inspection authorized representative of the Bank
      manager, deputy general manager and         and Supervision of China CITIC Bank; and a board director of CITIC aiBank
      general manager of the human resources      director of the Party Affairs Department Corporation Limited. Prior to that, he
      department (assistant director, deputy      and executive deputy secretary of worked for Beijing Youth Industrial
      director and director of the organization   Party committee directly under CITIC Group Corporation. Mr. Lu graduated
      department under the Party Committee)       Group. Prior to that, he was a teacher from Deakin University in Australia
      of China Export Credit Insurance            at the Moral Education Office of PLA with a master’s degree in accounting.
      Corporation, Party committee secretary      Medical College and an officer at the He is a certified public accountant of
      of the company’s Shenzhen branch,           Political Department of Beijing Military PRC, Hong Kong SAR and Australia,
      and person in charge, Party committee       Medical College. Mr. Xiao graduated with over 20 years’ experience in the
      secretary and general manager of the        from PLA Nanjing Institute of Political Chinese banking industry.
      company’s Hebei provincial branch. Mr.      Sciences with a bachelor’s degree in law.
      Xie graduated from Renmin University
      of China with a doctorate degree in
      economics. He is a senior economist.




136   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
   Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




Mr. Lü Tiangui                             Mr. Lu Jingen                               Ms. Zhang Qing
Chinese Nationality                        Chinese Nationality                         Chinese Nationality

Party Committee member and Business Business Director of the Bank. Mr. Lu Board Secretary and Company Secretary
Director of the Bank. Mr. Lü serves serves as secretary of Party committee of the Bank. Ms. Zhang serves as the
as secretary of Party committee of and president of Nanjing Branch of head of the Organizing Department
the Bank’s Credit Card Center, and the Bank. Prior to that, he served as of the Party Committee and general
concurrently as board director of CITIC deputy head of the corporate loan manager of the Human Resources
aiBank Corporation Limited and a core division, head of the asset preservation Management Department of the Bank,
member of the China Ageing Finance division, general manager of the Asian and is concurrently a board director
Forum (CAFF50). Previously, Mr. Lü Games Village sub-branch, general of CITIC Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.
served as president of the Bank’s Credit manager of the Olympic Village sub- and CNCB (Hong Kong) Investment
Card Center, general manager of the branch, general manager of the CITIC Limited. Prior to that, Ms. Zhang served
Bank’s Retail Banking Department and International Building sub-branch, and as assistant general manager, deputy
Private Banking Department of the assistant general manager and Party general manager (presiding), and general
Bank. Earlier, he was deputy chief of committee member of the Business manager of the Credit Management
the risk management division at Jilin Department of the Head Office of and Approval Department of the Bank’s
Branch of Bank of China Limited. Mr. the Bank (currently Beijing Branch); Xi’an branch, assistant president, Party
Lü has 27 years’ practicing experience assistant general manager (presiding) of committee member and vice president
in the Chinese banking industry. Mr. the corporate banking department of of the branch, and general manager of
Lü graduated from Sichuan University the Bank; secretary of Party committee, the Credit Management Department
with a master’s degree in business vice president (presiding) and president of the Bank. Prior to that, she worked
administration. He holds qualifications of the Bank’s Kunming Branch; and at the Shaanxi branch of Industrial and
such as senior accountant, Certificated secretary of Party committee and Commercial Bank of China, successively
I n t e r n a l A u d i t o r ( C I A ) a n d P R C president of the Bank’s Changsha working on the accounting, planning,
certified public accountant (CPA).                  Branch. Mr. Lu has over 20 years’ credit management in the sub-branch
                                                    experience in the Chinese banking and project review in the branch. She
                                                    industry. He graduated from Harbin has 28 years of professional experience
                                                    Engineering University with a bachelor’s in the Chinese banking industry. She
                                                    degree in mechatronics, received his graduated from Xi’an University of
                                                    master’s degree in economics from Technology (formerly “Shaanxi Institute
                                                    Renmin University of China and of Mechanical Engineering”) with a
                                                    obtained his EMBA degree from Peking master’s degree in engineering. Ms.
                                                    University. He is a senior economist.    Zhang is a senior economist.




                                                                                                             2020 Annual Report     137
      Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




      Mr. Liu Honghua
      Chinese Nationality

      Business Director of the Bank. Mr.
      Liu is secretary of Party committee
      and president of the Bank’s Beijing
      Branch. He once worked for the
      Business Department of the Head
      Office of the Bank (currently Beijing
      Branch), and held various positions
      including president of the Bank’s
      Fuhua Sub-branch, general manager of
      the Corporate Banking Department,
      assistant general manager, Party
      committee member and deputy general
      manager of the Business Department.
      He also served as secretary of Party
      committee and president of Taiyuan
      Branch of the Bank, general manager
      of the Asset Custody Department and
      the Corporate Banking Department
      of the Bank. Prior to that, Mr. Liu
      worked at China International Trust
      Investment Company, and successively
      served as assistant manager, deputy
      manager and manager of the Business
      Department II, assistant manager of
      China Leasing Co., Ltd. and manager,
      deputy general manager of the
      Administrative Management Division at
      China Leasing Co., Ltd. He has nearly
      20 years of professional experience
      in the Chinese banking industry. He
      graduated from Peking University
      with a degree of executive master of
      business administration. He is a senior
      economist.



138   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
   Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




   8.3 Appointment and Dismissal of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
        Management Members

8.3.1 Directors
On 30 October 2020, the 2nd Extraordinary General Meeting of 2020 elected Mr. Wang Yankang as a non-executive
director of the 5th Session of the Board of Directors with effect from the date when his qualification is approved by
regulatory authority.

In March 2021, Ms. Li Qingping resigned as Chairperson and Executive Director of the Bank and Chairperson and
member of the Strategic Development Committee of the Board of Directors due to work rearrangements, with effect from
15 March 2021. In order to ensure the normal operation of the Board of Directors, in accordance with the Company Law of
the People’s Republic of China and other laws and regulations as well as the Articles of Association of the Bank, the Board of
Directors agreed to appoint executive director and President Mr. Fang Heying to perform the duties of the Chairperson of
the Bank, with effect from the effective date of the resignation of Ms. Li Qingping to the date when the new Chairperson
takes office.

On 15 March 2021, the 43rd meeting of the 5th Session of the Board of Directors of the Bank reviewed and approved
relevant proposals, nominating Mr. Zhu Hexin as non-executive director candidate of the Bank, electing Mr. Zhu Hexin as
Chairman of the 5th Session of the Board of Directors, electing Mr. Fang Heying as the Vice Chairman of the 5th Session
of the Board of Directors. Mr. Zhu Hexin will take office as non-executive director after the general meeting of the Bank
elects him to serve as a non-executive director of the Bank and the regulatory authority approves his qualifications for the
Bank’s non-executive director, and take office as Chairman after the general meeting of the Bank elects him to serve as a
non-executive director of the Bank and the regulator approves his qualifications for the Bank’s non-executive director and
Chairman. Mr. Fang Heying will take office after the regulatory authority approves his qualifications for the Bank’s Vice
Chairman.

8.3.2 Supervisors
In January 2020, Ms. Wang Xiuhong resigned as external supervisor of the Bank, and chairperson of the Nomination
Committee of the Board of Supervisors of the Bank after completing her six years’ term as external supervisor of the Bank.
In order to ensure the Board of Supervisors of the Bank meets the requirement that the proportion of external supervisors is
no less than one third of the number of supervisors, Ms. Wang Xiuhong’s resignation took effect on 20 May 2020 namely
when the new external supervisor elected by the 2019 Annual General Meeting of the Bank took office.

On 20 May 2020, the 2019 Annual General Meeting elected Mr. Wei Guobin as an external supervisor of the 5th Session
of the Board of Supervisors of the Bank. On 22 May 2020, as considered and approved at the 22nd meeting of the
5th Session of the Board of Supervisors, the Bank elected supervisor Mr. Wei Guobin as a member of the Nomination
Committee of the 5th Session of the Board of Supervisors of the Bank, and supervisor Mr. Zheng Wei as a member of the
Nomination Committee of the 5th Session of the Board of Supervisors of the Bank. On 29 May 2020, as considered at the
5th meeting of the Nomination Committee of the 5th Session of the Board of Supervisors, Mr. Wei Guobin was elected to
serve as Chairman of the Nomination Committee of the 5th Session of the Board of Supervisors of the Bank.

In December 2020, the Bank’s shareholder representative supervisor Mr. Deng Changqing resigned as the Bank’s
shareholder representative supervisor and member of the Nomination Committee of the Board of Supervisors due to work
rearrangement, with effect from 1 December 2020.

On 14 January 2021, upon the review and approval at the 1st Extraordinary General Meeting of 2021, Ms. Li Rong serves
as a shareholder representative supervisor of the 5th Session of the Board of Supervisors of the Bank. On 27 January 2021,
the 30th meeting of the 5th Session of the Board of Supervisors of the Bank approved relevant proposal and elected Ms. Li
Rong as a member of the Nomination Committee of the Board of Supervisors.




                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report     139
      Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




      8.3.3 Senior Management Members
      In September 2020, Mr. Yang Yu resigned as Vice President of the Bank due to work rearrangement, with effect from 22
      September 2020.

      On 24 November 2020, the 36th Meeting of the 5th Session of the Board of Directors of the Bank reviewed and approved
      relevant proposal, appointing Mr. Lu Wei and Lü Tiangui as the Bank’s Vice Presidents, with effect from the date when
      their qualifications are approved by the CBIRC.



         8.4 Remunerations of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
              Members

      The scheme of remunerations for the Bank’s directors and senior management members shall be drafted by the Nomination
      and Remuneration Committee under the Board of Directors and reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors.
      Thereafter the scheme of remunerations for the Bank’s directors shall be submitted to the general meeting for approval.
      The scheme of remunerations for the Bank’s supervisors shall be drafted by the Nomination Committee under the Board
      of Supervisors, and after its approval by the Board of Supervisors shall be submitted to the general meeting for approval.
      The Bank offers directors, supervisors and senior management members who are at the same time employees of the Bank
      remunerations corresponding to their positions and remunerations include salary, bonus, subsidy, employee welfare and
      insurance contributions, housing provident fund and annuity. The remuneration of independent directors and external
      supervisors consists of basic remuneration, floating remuneration and allowance and shall be decided according to the
      Proposal on the Improvement of the Remuneration Management of Independent Directors and the Proposal on the Improvement
      of the Remuneration Management of External Supervisors approved at 2019 Annual General Meeting, the 1st A Shareholders
      Class Meeting of 2020 and the 1st H Shareholders Class Meeting of 2020. The Bank does not pay any salary or allowance
      to any other directors or supervisors. Pursuant to relevant PRC laws and regulations, the Bank has joined various
      mandatory contributory retirement schemes set out in PRC laws and regulations for all employees (including the executive
      directors, supervisors, and senior management members that are also employees of the Bank). Actual pre-tax remunerations
      paid to the directors, supervisors and senior management members (both incumbent and non-incumbent) who received
      remunerations from the Bank were in the amount of RMB27.299 million for the reporting period. As at the end of the
      reporting period, the Bank had not provided any share incentives to directors, supervisors or senior management members.



         8.5 Interests and Short Positions in the Shares, Underlying Shares and
              Debentures of the Bank or Associated Corporations Held by Its
              Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management Members

      As at the end of the reporting period, none of the Bank’s directors, supervisors or senior management members held any
      share options or restrictive shares of the Bank. Please refer to “8.1 Basic Information on Directors, Supervisors and Senior
      Management Members of the Bank” for their holding of shares of the Bank as at the end of the reporting period.




140   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
    Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




The table below sets out the interests in the shares of the Bank held by directors, supervisors and chief executives of the
Bank as at the end of the reporting period as recorded in the register that the Bank maintained pursuant to Section 336 of
the Securities and Futures Ordinance:

                                                                                                                                Shareholding           Shareholding
                                                                                                                            percentage of the     percentage of the
                                                                           Class of                        Number of     issued shares of the total issued ordinary
  Name            Position                                                 shares     Identity             shares held        same class (%)             shares (%)
  Li Qingping     then Chairperson, Executive Director                     H share    Beneficiary owner    150,000 (L)               0.0010                 0.0003
  Fang Heying     Executive Director, President, Chief Financial Officer   H share    Beneficiary owner    715,000 (L)               0.0048                 0.0015
  Guo Danghuai    Executive Director & Vice President                      H share    Beneficiary owner    636,000 (L)               0.0043                 0.0013
  Zeng Yufang     Employee Representative Supervisor                       H share    Beneficiary owner    188,000 (L)               0.0013                 0.0004


Notes: (1) (L) — long position, (S) — short position.
         (2) The above disclosure is made mainly on the basis of the information released on SEHK (www.hkexnews.hk).




    8.6 Interests of Directors and Supervisors in Material Contracts

During the reporting period, neither the Bank or its holding companies, nor any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries
entered into any material contract in relation to the business of the Bank in which any director or supervisor had material
interests, whether directly or indirectly.



    8.7 Service Contracts of Directors and Supervisors

None of the directors or supervisors of the Bank concluded with the Bank or any of the Bank’s subsidiaries any service
contract that may not be terminated within one year as of the entry into effect of the contract or that may only be
terminated with the payment of other compensations in addition to the mandatory compensations.



    8.8 Relationships among Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
         Members

There was no material financial, business, family or other relationship among directors, supervisors or senior management
members of the Bank.




                                                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report          141
      Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




         8.9 Interests of Directors in Businesses Competing with the Bank

      None of the directors of the Bank had any interest in businesses that directly or indirectly competed or may compete with
      the Bank.



         8.10 L iability Insurance for Directors, Supervisors and Senior
               Management Members

      In 2020, the Bank bought liability insurance for all of its directors, supervisors and senior management members. In 2020,
      no director of the Bank has been benefited by any permitted indemnity provisions that had been or were in force.



         8.11 Information on Staff and Affiliates

      8.11.1 Number and Mix of Employees, Number of Retirees and Affiliates
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Group had 58,879
      employees, including 57,600 under labor contracts with the                        Staff education structure
      Group and 1,279 dispatched to the Group or hired with letters
      of engagement by the Group. The Group had 1,860 retirees.
      The Bank had 55,154 employees, of which 11,789 served as                              4.52%
      managerial function, 40,131 as professional function and 3,234                                                              24.57%
      as supporting function, accounting for 21.38%, 72.76% and
      5.86% respectively. 13,550 employees, 24.57% of the total,
      held post-graduate degrees or above; 39,111 employees, 70.91%
      of the total, held bachelor’s degrees; and 2,493 employees, 4.52%
      of the total, held junior diplomas and qualifications below
      junior diploma level.                                                                                100%



                                                                                                                                  70.91%

                                                                                      Bachelor’s degrees      Junior diplomas and qualifications
                                                                                      Post-graduate degrees   below junior diploma level
                                                                                      or above




142   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
    Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




The Bank’s Affiliates List (subsidiaries not included)
                                                                                                                                                                 Number of     Number of    Total assets
 Region                  Name of affiliate     Address/Postal code                                                                                                  outlets      staffers (RMB million)
 Headquarters            Head Office           Address: 6-30/F and 32-42/F, Building No. 1, 10 Guanghua Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing                                1         1,969       2,683,691
                                               Postal Code: 100020
                         Credit Card Center    Address: CITIC Bank Building, No. 121 Fuhua 1st Road, Futian Street, Futian District, Shenzhen,                          1         5,518         479,599
                                                         Guangdong Province
                                               Postal Code: 518048
 Bohai Rim               Beijing Branch        Address: Building C, 1/F Building E and Room A 1/F Building F of Fuhua Building, No. 8 Chaoyangmen                      75         3,066       1,226,509
                                                         North Street, Dongcheng District, Beijing
                                               Postal Code: 100027
                         Tianjin Branch        Address: A5 No. 162 Zhangzizhong Road, Heping District, Tianjin                                                         36         1,015         101,232
                                               Postal Code: 300020
                         Shijiazhuang Branch   Address: CITIC Tower, No. 10, Ziqiang Road, Qiaoxi District, Shijiazhuang, Hebei Province                               62         1,771          96,125
                                               Postal Code: 050000
                         Jinan Branch          Address: CITIC Plaza, No. 150, Luoyuan Street, Jinan, Shandong Province                                                 46         1,557         115,743
                                               Postal Code: 250002
                         Qingdao Branch        Address: No. 22, Hong Kong Middle Road, Qingdao, Shandong Province                                                      53         1,681         115,178
                                               Postal Code: 266071
                         Dalian Branch         Address: No. 29, Renmin Road, Zhongshan District, Dalian, Liaoning Province                                             24           820          59,956
                                               Postal Code: 116011
 Yangtze River Delta     Shanghai Branch       Address: B1, Room 102-109 1/F, 201-2 2/F, 302-4 3/F, 9-15/F, No. 112 & 138 Expo Road, Pudong New Area,                  52         1,734         411,707
                                                        Shanghai
                                               Postal Code: 200126
                         Nanjing Branch        Address: CITIC Tower, No. 348, Zhongshan Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province                                                84         3,294         399,307
                                               Postal Code: 210008
                         Suzhou Branch         Address: West Building, Business Center, Financial Harbor, No. 266 East Suzhou Avenue, Suzhou Industrial Park,          27         1,103         156,701
                                                        Suzhou, Jiangsu Province
                                               Postal Code: 215028
                         Hangzhou Branch       Address: No. 9 Jiefang East Road, Jianggan District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province                                        91         3,524         521,299
                                               Postal Code: 310016
                         Ningbo Branch         Address: CITIC Tower, No. 36, Zhenming Road, Haishu District, Ningbo, Zhejiang Province                                 27           862         108,783
                                               Postal Code: 315010
 Pearl River Delta and   Fuzhou Branch         Address: Hengli Financial Center, No. 6, Guanfengting Street, Gulou District, Fuzhou, Fujian Province                   53         1,473          89,285
   West Strait                                 Postal Code: 350000
                         Xiamen Branch         Address: 334-101, 201, 301, 401, Hubin South Road, Siming District, Xiamen, Fujian Province                             16           476          22,288
                                               Postal Code: 361000
                         Guangzhou Branch      Address: CITIC Plaza, No. 233, Tianhe North Road, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province                                        101         3,280         365,149
                                               Postal Code: 510613
                         Shenzhen Branch       Address: 5-10/F, North Tower, Phase II Time Square, No. 8 Third Central Road, Futian District, Shenzhen,                47         1,560         402,885
                                                         Guangdong Province
                                               Postal Code: 518048
                         Haikou Branch         Address: Banshan Garden, No. 1 Jinmao Middle Road, Longhua District, Haikou, Hainan Province                            11           338          12,655
                                               Postal Code: 570125




                                                                                                                                                                              2020 Annual Report           143
      Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




                                                                                                                                                                                Number of    Number of    Total assets
       Region                    Name of affiliate              Address/Postal code                                                                                                outlets     staffers (RMB million)
       Middle China              Hefei Branch                   Address: No. 396, Huizhou Avenue, Baohe District, Hefei, Anhui Province                                               40        1,115         106,780
                                                                Postal Code: 230001
                                 Zhengzhou Branch               Address: CITIC Bank Building, No. 1 Business Inner Ring Road, Zhengdong New District, Zhengzhou,                      82        2,327         225,268
                                                                          Henan Province
                                                                Postal Code: 450018
                                 Wuhan Branch                   Address: CITIC Tower, No. 747 Jianshe Avenue, Hankou, Wuhan, Hubei Province                                           44        1,426         161,510
                                                                Postal Code: 430000
                                 Changsha Branch                Address: No. 1500 Third Section of Xiangjiang North Road, Kaifu District, Changsha, Hunan Province                    40        1,192          99,637
                                                                Postal Code: 410011
                                 Nanchang Branch                Address: Tower A, No. 16, Hengmao International Mansion, No. 333, Guangchang South Road, Nanchang,                    20          686          75,402
                                                                          Jiangxi Province
                                                                Postal Code: 330003
                                 Taiyuan Branch                 Address: 1-4/F, Building A Wangfu Mansion, No. 9 Fuxi Street, Xinghualing District, Taiyuan, Shanxi Province          30          919          52,127
                                                                Postal Code: 030002
       West China                Chongqing Branch               Address: No. 5 Jiangbeicheng West Avenue, Jiangbei District, Chongqing                                                30        1,041         124,929
                                                                Postal Code: 400021
                                 Nanning Branch                 Address: No. 36-1, Shuangyong Road, Qingxiu District, Nanning, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region                       18          551          51,132
                                                                Postal Code: 530021
                                 Guiyang Branch                 Address: North Second Tower, BL Zone, Guizhou Financial City, Changling North Road, Guanshanhu District,              14          430          39,510
                                                                          Guiyang, Guizhou Province
                                                                Postal Code: 550081
                                 Hohhot Branch                  Address: CITIC Tower, Ruyihe Avenue, Ruyi Development Area, Hohhot, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region                  34          874          49,203
                                                                Postal Code: 010010
                                 Yinchuan Branch                Address: No. 160 Beijing Middle Road, Jinfeng District, Yinchuan, Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region                        8          244          18,932
                                                                Postal Code: 750002
                                 Xining Branch                  Address: No. 1 Jiaotong Lane, Chengxi District, Xining, Qinghai Province                                               9          224          13,965
                                                                Postal Code: 810008
                                 Xi’an Branch                   Address: No. 1, Middle Section of Zhuque Road, Xi’an, Shaanxi Province                                                39        1,105          78,226
                                                                Postal Code: 710061
                                 Chengdu Branch                 Address: La Defense Tower, No.1480 North Section of Tianfu Avenue, High-Tech Zone, Chengdu, Sichuan Province          45        1,297         143,475
                                                                Postal Code: 610042
                                 Urumqi Branch                  Address: CITIC Bank Tower, No. 165, Xinhua North Road, Urumqi, Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region                       11          371          24,547
                                                                Postal Code: 830002
                                 Kunming Branch                 Address: Fulin Square, Baoshan Street, Wuhua District, Kunming, Yunnan Province                                       32          834          60,736
                                                                Postal Code: 650021
                                 Lanzhou Branch                 Address: No. 9 Minzhu West Road, Chengguan District, Lanzhou, Gansu Province                                          14          332          17,185
                                                                Postal Code: 730000
                                 Lhasa Branch                   Address: No. 22 Jiangsu Road, Lhasa, Tibet Autonomous Region                                                           2          128           5,614
                                                                Postal Code: 850000
       Northeast China           Harbin Branch                  Address: No. 236, Hongqi Avenue, Nangang District, Harbin, Heilongjiang Province                                      18          509          36,519
                                                                Postal Code: 150000
                                 Changchun Branch               Address: No. 1177, Changchun Avenue, Changchun, Jilin Province                                                        19          477          44,471
                                                                Postal Code: 130000
                                 Shenyang Branch                Address: No. 336, Daxi Road, Shenhe District, Shenyang, Liaoning Province                                             51        1,384          52,266
                                                                Postal Code: 110014
       Overseas                  London Branch                  5th Floor, 99 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7NG,UK                                                                       1           30           7,720
                                 Sydney Representative Office   Level 27, Gateway, 1 Macquarie Place, Sydney, NSW 2000, Australia                                                       1            6               –

      Notes:      (1)    In addition to the data listed in the above table, the Bank’s staff also included 2,607 employees at its Data Center and Software Development Center; as
                         well as four employees seconded to JSC Altyn Bank.
                  (2)    The Credit Card Center mentioned in the above table had 75 sub-centers which consisted of 43 tier-one sub-centers and 32 tier-two sub-centers.
                  (3)    The “total assets” in the above chart did not deduct the offset balance between affiliates.




144   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
       Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




8.11.2 Human Resources Management
During the reporting period, the Bank focused on strategy implementation, continuously improved the human resources
governance system, and adjusted the organizational structure and responsibilities. It allocated human resources in a
differentiated manner, and continuously improved the personnel structure. It focused on strengthening the building of
the management team and talent teams such as FinTech personnel, placed a focus on cultivating the digital thinking
ability of managers and employees, and reinforced the incentive and constraint mechanism, so as to provide organizational
support and talent reserve for high-quality and sustainable development of the Bank. Meanwhile, the Bank adhered to a
remuneration concept featuring position value, performance contribution and business competence. In accordance with
the principle of combining effective incentives with strict constraints, the Bank strengthened assessment and guidance,
expanded the scope of differentiated remuneration, implemented the policy of deferred bonus payment, and improved
the mechanism of remuneration distribution that is compatible with competitiveness raising, risk control and steady
development.

8.11.3 Human Resources Training and Development
During the reporting period, the Bank carried out training centering on the strategic plan of “8100 Project” 43, and held 3,411
sessions of training throughout the year, recording 550,000 person-times participation (including video training). During
the pandemic, the Bank gave full play to the advantages of digital learning, actively disseminated epidemic prevention
knowledge, and continued to provide online training on new products, new systems and new policies, ensuring “continuous
learning during suspension of training” of all employees. Grasping the opportunity of the window period of pandemic
relieve, the Bank pressed ahead with the training of senior and medium-level management personnel through face-to-face
“pre-service and on-the-job” training and the cultivation of four teams of “Double Hundred Double Thousand” talents
with a focus on providing special training on digital transformation. At the same time, the Bank persisted in holding the
bank-wide qualification certification training and examination, launched the pre-service training for “three types of new
staff members”44 to ensure prior certification of all employees. With its outstanding performance in talent and training
in recent years, the Bank was awarded the “Benchmarking Institution Award” of the 11th China Talent Development
Excellence Award by the Training magazine.




43
     	The “8100 Project” refers to the detailed breakdown arrangements that the Bank used to promote the implementation of the 2018-2020 plan. “8” refers to the “eight
            major projects”, namely, the eight major measures of the development plan for 2018-2020, including the regional differentiated development project, the “One
            Body Two Wings” transformation project, the integrated internationalized operation project, the financial technology innovation project, the “Safe CITIC Bank”
            project, the refined management project, the human resources reform project, and the Party building and corporate culture fostering project. “100” refers to the “100
            key tasks”, i.e., the 100 major breakdown tasks to promote the implementation of the “eight major projects”.
44
     	“Three types of new staff members” mean new hires, newly transferred staff members and newly promoted officers. New hires include new employees hired on
            campus and other hired off campus; newly transferred staff members mean in-service employees transferred to new position in a different business line; newly
            promoted officers mean ordinary employees promoted to officer positions in different profession series or business lines or in-service officers promoted to higher
            positions in different profession series or business lines.




                                                                                                                                                      2020 Annual Report            145
       Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 CNCB              CIF Investment Fund
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           CIF Investment


                                                                                                                                         Tier-two Branches                          Sub-Branches                                            中信銀行（國際）                中信國際資產
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          中信國際資產
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 CIAM          CNCBI                                                      Fund Management

                                                                              Board of                                                                                                                                                     (Hong Kong) Capital     Management (Beijing)      (Shenzhen)

                                                                             Supervisors
                                                                               Office



                                                                                                                                                             Tier-one Branches                                                                                         CNCB Investment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   CITIC
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  CITIC aiBank   JSC Altyn Bank
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                CITIC Wealth   Lin’an CITIC
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        CIFH
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Financial Leasing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Management      Rural Bank

                                                                                                  Nomination




                                                      Board of Supervisors
                                                                                                  Committee



                                                                                                                                                                                 Units Directly under
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Data Center




                                                                                                                                                                                   the Head Office
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Software Development Center
                                                                                                  Supervision

                                                                                                   Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Administration Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               (Security Department)

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Centralized Procurement Center


                                                                                                Consumer Rights
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Culture and Labor Union Department


                                                                                                   Protection
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Disciplinary Inspection Office


                                                                                                  Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Operation Management Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Information Technology
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Management Department




                                    General Meeting
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Digital Banking Department


                                                                                                Nomination and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Asset Management Business Center

                                                                                                 Remuneration                                                                                                                                 Asset Custody Department

                                                                                                  Committee                                                                                                                                     Commercial Draft Center

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Interbank Business Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Financial Markets Department



                                                                                                  Risk Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Credit Card Center

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Personal Loan Department


                                                                                                     Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Private Banking Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Retail Banking Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       (Consumer Rights Protection Office)

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Institutional Banking Department

                                                                                                Audit and Related                                                                                                                        Strategic Customer Department

                                                                                                Party Transactions                                                                                                                       Investment Banking Department


                                                                                                Control Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        International Business Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Transaction Banking Department




                                                      Board of Directors                                             Senior Management




      8.11.4 Organizational Chart
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Inclusive Finance Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Banking Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Audit Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Compliance Department



                                                                                                                                                                                      Head Office Tier-one
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Law and Preservation Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Credit Business Management Department




                                                                                                                                                                                  (Quasi-Tier-one) Departments
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Credit Approval Department
                                                                                                 Strategic
                                                                                                Development                                                                                                                               Risk Management Department


                                                                                Board of
                                                                                                 Committee                                                                                                                               Asset and Liability Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Finance and Accounting Department

                                                                             Directors Office                                                                                                                                             Human Resources Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 General Office




146     China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report

                           9.1 Corporate Governance Structure

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             General Meeting




                                                                                                           Board of Directors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Board of Supervisors




                                                                                                                                                                                                 Audit and Related
                             Strategic                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Nomination and                                                                            Consumer Rights
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Party Transactions                                                                                                                          Risk Management                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Supervision                                                                                Nomination
                            Development                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Remuneration                                                                                Protection
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Control                                                                                                                                   Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Committee                                                                                  Committee
                             Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Committee                                                                                 Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Committee


                                                                                                           Senior Management




                                                                                                                                        Financial Consumer Rights Protection Working Committee       Private Banking Agency Business Decision-making Committee   Post-investment Management Committee for Capital Market Equity Investment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Private Equity Fund Custody Review Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Head Office Responsibility Identification Committee
                            Regional Coordinated Development Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Head Office Credit Risk Warning Committee       Non-performing Assets Disposal Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Professional Title Recommendation Committee
                                                                         Innovation Management Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Risk and Internal Control Committee         Head Office Credit Approval Committee                                                                                                                                                                                Information Technology Committee                                                                                                Head Office Procurement Committee
                                                                                                            Retail Business Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Asset and Liability Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Data Management Committee                                            Brand Management Committee       Confidentiality Committee
 Collaboration Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Security Committee




                           9.2 Overall Profile of Corporate Governance

Sound corporate governance is an important cornerstone ensuring banks’ high-quality development. During the reporting
period, the Bank resolutely implemented the state’s decisions and plans and regulators’ requirements, actively explored the
corporate governance mode in line with its own characteristics, strengthened the building of the governance system, and
accelerated the improvement of its governance capacity, thereby improving its governance efficiency in an all-round way.
Through the integration of strengthening the Party’s leadership and establishing a modern enterprise system, the Bank
further improved its corporate governance structure, and made the governance mechanism more reasonable, balanced
and smoother where the information communication between governance bodies became more adequate. The Board of
Directors, the Board of Supervisors and their specialized committees effectively performed their functions, the channels for
the directors and supervisors to perform their duties were further broadened, the methods for them to perform their duties
were improved, and their capabilities of performing their duties were further enhanced. Furthermore, the Bank attached
great importance to the roles of independent directors and external supervisors, fully safeguarded their legal rights such as
the right to know and to make decisions, and actively gave play to the incentive role of relevant mechanisms.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    2020 Annual Report                                                                                          147
      Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




      The Board of Directors continued to strengthen its self-improvement, voluntarily accepted the supervision of the Board
      of Supervisors and other parties, and leveraged its role in strategic decision-making to reinforce the duty performance
      regarding risk prevention. While going all out to win the battle against COVID-19 and the battle for poverty alleviation
      with financial services, the Bank pushed forward the financial supply-side structural reform, actively supported and
      integrated into the domestic and international circulations, and fully bolstered the development of the real economy. In face
      of the complex and severe challenges brought by the external environment such as the COVID-19 pandemic, the Board
      of Directors put risk prevention and control in a very prominent position, strengthened the concept of prudent operation,
      and accelerated the building of the risk management system. As a result, it made risk management more professional
      and effective, and comprehensively improved the effectiveness of internal control and compliance. Besides, the Board of
      Directors strengthened comprehensive supervision and dynamic assessment, completed the 2018-2020 development plan of
      the Bank, reasonably prepared the 2021-2023 development plan, and thereby comprehensively improved the quality and
      efficiency of its operation and management. It also deepened business transformation, enhanced the value of transformation
      towards capital-light development, accelerated digital transformation, and thus developed a more coordinated and
      consolidated business structure.

      During the reporting period, the Bank organized the directors, supervisors and the board secretary to participate in training
      by external organizations such as the SSE and China Securities Regulatory Commission Beijing Bureau (“CSRC Beijing
      Bureau”) and invited experts form PBOC to give lectures, recording 35 person-times participation. And the Bank carried
      out surveys of 38 person-times at its affiliates and subsidiaries, further improving its survey quality and effectiveness.

      There was no significant difference between the set-up and operation of the Bank’s corporate governance bodies and the
      relevant requirements of the PRC Company Law, the CSRC and the SEHK; neither were there major corporate governance
      issues that the regulatory authorities required to resolve but remained outstanding.



         9.3 General Meeting

      9.3.1 General Meeting and Shareholders’ Rights
      Responsibilities of the general meeting
      The general meeting is the Bank’s organ of power. It is responsible for making decisions on the Bank’s business guiding
      principles and investment plans; deliberating and approving the Bank’s annual financial budget plans, final accounts plans,
      profit distribution plans and loss remedy plans; deliberating and approving the use of financing proceeds for other than
      set purposes; electing and replacing directors as well as shareholder representative supervisors and external supervisors,
      and deciding on the remunerations of directors and supervisors; deliberating and approving work reports of the Board of
      Directors and Board of Supervisors; producing resolutions on the Bank’s plan for increase or decrease of registered capital;
      producing resolutions on the Bank’s plans for merger, division, dissolution, liquidation or change in the corporate form of
      the Bank, issue of debt securities or other valuable securities for the purpose of capital replenishment of the Bank as well
      as the listing thereof, and repurchase of the Bank’s ordinary shares; amending the Bank’s Articles of Association; engaging
      and dismissing accounting firms and deciding on their remunerations or the ways to determine their remunerations;
      deliberating proposals put forward by shareholders who individually or collectively hold 3% or more of the voting shares
      of the Bank; deliberating matters involving major investments, purchase or disposal of major assets within one calendar
      year that exceed 10% of the audited net asset value of the Bank for the latest reporting period; deliberating share incentive
      plans; deciding on or authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on matters relating to the issued preference shares of
      the Bank, including but not limited to determining whether to repurchase or convert preference shares or pay dividends;
      deliberating related party transactions that shall be reviewed and approved by the general meeting pursuant to relevant
      laws, administrative regulations, rules and the securities regulatory rules of the places where the Bank’s shares are listed;
      and deliberating other matters that shall be decided by the general meeting in accordance with relevant laws, administrative
      regulations, ministerial rules, requirements of the securities regulators at the places where the Bank’s shares are listed and
      relevant provisions of the Articles of Association of the Bank.




148   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                 Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




Annual general meeting
The annual general meeting of the Bank provides an effective communication platform between the shareholders and the
Board of Directors. For the convening of a general meeting, the Bank shall issue a written notice 45 days prior to the date
of the meeting, informing all shareholders on record and entitled to attend the meeting of the matters to be deliberated
as well as the date and venue of the meeting. Shareholders who intend to attend the meeting shall send their written reply
slip to the Bank 20 days before the date of the meeting. Directors, supervisors and the board secretary of the Bank shall
attend the general meeting, while President and other senior management members of the Bank shall be present at the
general meeting as non-voting attendees. Directors, supervisors and senior management members of the Bank shall make
explanations regarding inquiries and suggestions raised by shareholders at the meeting. Domestic and overseas auditors
engaged by the Bank shall also attend the general meeting and answer questions in relation to external audit, audit reports
and their contents, accounting policies and independence of auditors.

Unless otherwise provided for or arranged, shareholders of the Bank may vote by poll at the general meeting according to
domestic and overseas securities regulatory rules. Details of the voting procedure shall be explained to the shareholders at
the beginning of the meeting to ensure shareholders’ familiarity with such procedures.

Extraordinary general meeting
In accordance with the Articles of Association of the Bank, extraordinary general meetings may be convened when
proposed by at least 50% of the independent directors or all external supervisors, the Board of Directors and the Board of
Supervisors, or upon written request of shareholders that individually or collectively hold 10% or more of the Bank’s voting
shares (actual numbers of shares shall be calculated as per the shareholdings of the requesting shareholders on the date
when such a written request is made). The Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and ordinary shareholders (including
preference shareholders with restored voting rights) that individually or collectively hold 3% or more of the Bank’s shares
are entitled to present to the Bank their proposals for the general meeting.

Submitting proposals to the general meeting
Ordinary shareholders (including preference shareholders with restored voting rights) that individually or collectively hold
3% or more of the Bank’s shares may produce their ad hoc proposals and submit them in writing to the convener of the
general meeting 10 days prior to the date of the meeting. Within 2 days after the receipt of such proposals, the convener
shall issue supplementary notices for the general meeting to announce the contents of the ad hoc proposals and submit such
proposals to the general meeting for deliberation.

Convening of extraordinary meetings of the Board of Directors
Extraordinary meetings of the Board of Directors may be convened when proposed by shareholders that represent 10%
or more of the voting rights. The chairperson of the Board of Directors shall convene and preside over an extraordinary
board meeting within 10 days as of the receipt of the proposal made by the shareholders that represent 10% or more of the
voting rights.

Making inquiries to the Board of Directors
To make inquiries to the Board of Directors, shareholders may contact the Board of Directors or the Bank via email
to ir@citicbank.com or via other contacts as provided on the Bank’s website. The Bank has published all of its
announcements, press releases and useful company information on its website to improve its information transparency.




                                                                                                        2020 Annual Report     149
      Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




      9.3.2 Convening of General Meetings
      During the reporting period, the Bank convened 1 annual general meeting, 2 extraordinary general meetings, 1 A
      shareholders class meeting and 1 H shareholders class meeting, where 20 proposals were adopted after deliberation. These
      meetings were all convened in compliance with the procedures specified in the Articles of Association of the Bank. Relevant
      resolutions of these meetings were disclosed by the Bank on the websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.
      hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com). For specific indexes and disclosure dates thereof, please refer to Chapter
      4 “Report of Board of Directors – Information Disclosure Index” of this report.

      On 20 May 2020, the Bank held its 2019 Annual General Meeting, the 1st A Shareholders Class Meeting of 2020 and
      the 1st H Shareholders Class Meeting of 2020. The then Chairperson and executive director Ms. Li Qingping presided
      over the meeting. Executive director, President, Chief Financial Officer Mr. Fang Heying, non-executive director Mr.
      Cao Guoqiang, executive director and Vice President Mr. Guo Danghuai, the non-executive director Mr. Wan Liming,
      independent non-executive directors Mr. He Cao, Ms. Chen Lihua, Mr. Qian Jun and Mr. Yan Lap Kei Isaac attended the
      meeting.

      On 14 July 2020, the Bank held the 1st Extraordinary General Meeting of 2020. The then Chairperson and executive
      director Ms. Li Qingping presided over the meeting. Executive director, President, Chief Financial Officer Mr. Fang
      Heying, non-executive director Mr. Cao Guoqiang, executive director and Vice President Mr. Guo Danghuai, the non-
      executive director Mr. Wan Liming, independent non-executive directors Mr. He Cao, Ms. Chen Lihua, Mr. Qian Jun and
      Mr. Yan Lap Kei Isaac attended the meeting.

      On 30 October 2020, the Bank held the 2nd Extraordinary General Meeting of 2020. The then Chairperson and executive
      director Ms. Li Qingping presided over the meeting. Non-executive director Mr. Cao Guoqiang, the non-executive director
      Mr. Wan Liming, independent non-executive directors Mr. He Cao, Ms. Chen Lihua, Mr. Qian Jun and Mr. Yan Lap Kei
      Isaac attended the meeting.



         9.4 Board of Directors

      9.4.1 Composition and Responsibilities of the Board of Directors
      The Board of Directors is the decision-making body of the Bank. As at the disclosure date of this report, the 5th session of
      the Board of Directors comprised 9 members. For details thereof, please refer to Chapter 8 “Directors, Supervisors, Senior
      Management Members, Staff and Affiliates” of this report.

      As per the Articles of Association of the Bank, the principal responsibilities of the Board of Directors include the following:
      to convene the general meeting and make a work report to the meeting; to implement the resolutions adopted by the
      general meeting; to determine the development strategies, business plans and investment proposals of the Bank; to prepare
      the annual financial budget and final accounts of the Bank; to prepare the profit distribution plans and loss remedy plans
      of the Bank; in accordance with the Articles of Association and within the scope of authorization of the general meeting,
      to determine the plans for major investment, major assets acquisition and disposal and other major matters of the Bank; to
      prepare proposals for the amendment of the Bank’s Articles of Association; to appoint or dismiss the President of the Bank
      and the board secretary and to determine matters relating to their remuneration, awards and punishment; according to the
      nomination of the President, to appoint or dismiss the Vice President, Business Directors and other senior management
      members who shall be appointed by the Board according to regulatory requirements, and to determine matters relating to
      their remuneration, awards and punishment; to review and establish the basic management rules and internal management
      structure of the Bank, etc. The Board of Directors should listen to the opinions of the Bank’s Party Committee prior to
      making decisions on major issues of the Bank.

      The Board of Directors of the Bank has completed self-assessment of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its
      internal control. Please refer to “Internal Control Assessment” in this chapter for details.




150   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                  Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




9.4.2 Meetings of the Board of Directors
During the reporting period, the Board of Directors convened 20 meetings (including 9 on-site meetings and 11 meetings
for voting by correspondence). At the meetings, the Board of Directors deliberated and adopted 79 proposals, including the
Bank’s 2019 Annual Report, 2019 Sustainable Development Report of China CITIC Bank, Proposal regarding the Issuance of
Undated Capital Bonds, Proposal on the Amendment to the Rules of Procedures of the Strategic Development Committee under
the Board of Directors, and Proposal on Adjustments to the Plan for Increasing Share Capital of CITIC aiBank Corporation
Limited. In addition, the Board of Directors listened to 50 presentations respectively the report the Bank’s comprehensive
risk management in 2019, report on internal control and compliance and anti-money laundering work in 2019, report
on innovation work in 2019, report on prevention and control of the COVID-19 pandemic, cooperation with the top
ten loan customers (group) for the full year of 2019 and in the first half of 2020, report on information technology risk
management in 2019, etc. Significant events were all submitted to the on-site board meetings for deliberation to assure
compliance. Matters requiring voting by correspondence and eligible for the same as per the corporate governance rules
were deliberated at the meetings for voting by correspondence. The attendance records of the directors at the board
meetings in the reporting period are set out in the table below.

                                                                        In-person attendance/       Attendance by proxy/
 Directors                                                                number of meetings          number of meetings
 Li Qingping                                                                              18/20                       2/20
 Fang Heying                                                                              16/20                       4/20
 Cao Guoqiang                                                                             18/20                       2/20
 Guo Danghuai                                                                             18/20                       2/20
 Huang Fang                                                                               19/20                       1/20
 Wan Liming                                                                               18/20                       2/20
 He Cao                                                                                   20/20                       0/20
 Chen Lihua                                                                               20/20                       0/20
 Qian Jun                                                                                 20/20                       0/20
 Yan Lap Kei Isaac                                                                        19/20                       1/20


9.4.3 Responsibility Statement of the Directors on the Financial Report
The following statement, which sets out the responsibility of the directors to the financial report, should be read in
conjunction with, but distinguished in understanding from, the review opinions as set out in the auditor’s report contained
in this annual report.

The directors acknowledge that they are responsible for preparing the financial report of the Bank that gives a true view of
the operating results of the Bank for each financial year. The directors are not aware of any events or conditions that could
have material adverse impact on the Bank’s operation as a going concern.




                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report     151
      Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




      9.4.4 Independence of Independent Non-Executive Directors and Their
            Performance of Duties
      The independent non-executive directors of the Bank had no business or financial interests in the Bank or its subsidiaries,
      nor did they assume any managerial positions in the Bank. Therefore, their independence was well guaranteed. The Bank
      has received an annual confirmation letter from each independent non-executive director confirming his/her independence
      and recognized his/her independence as such.

      The independent non-executive directors of the Bank effectively performed their duties by attending the general meetings as
      well as meetings of the Board of Directors and its specialized committees, reviewing reference information submitted by the
      management and actively expressing their opinions. They also enhanced their understanding of the business development of
      the Bank’s affiliates by multiple means including field surveys and symposiums.

      The independent non-executive directors of the Bank highly valued the continuous enhancement of their own capacity
      for performance of duties. Among others, they communicated with the management for better understanding of relevant
      presentations and proposals prior to each board meeting. They also participated in various training sessions organized by
      the regulators to understand regulatory trends and requirements, deepen their learning and understanding of regulatory
      policies, and improve their capacity for performance of duties.

      The Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee and the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
      under the Board of Directors were both chaired by independent non-executive directors. The Audit and Related Party
      Transactions Control Committee comprised entirely of independent non-executive directors, while most of the members of
      the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Consumer Rights Protection Committee were independent non-
      executive directors. According to the Regulations of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited on the Work of the Independent
      Directors in relation to the Annual Report, the independent non-executive directors of the Bank communicated with
      the auditors and fully performed their role of independent supervision. During the reporting period, the independent
      non-executive directors did not raise any objections to the proposals of either the Board of Directors or its specialized
      committees.

      The independent non-executive directors of the Bank put forward relevant comments and suggestions regarding the
      Bank’s operation and management, business development, strategic planning, profit distribution, remunerations of senior
      management members, risk management and related party transactions. The Bank attached great importance to such inputs
      and implemented them in the light of its actual situations. For information regarding the attendance of the independent
      non-executive directors at general meetings and the Board of Directors meetings during the reporting period, please refer to
      “Convening of General Meetings” and “Meetings of the Board of Directors” in this chapter, respectively.

      9.4.5 Compliance with the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors
             of Listed Issuers
      The Bank has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set
      out in Appendix 10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules and has complied with Rules 13.67 and 19A.07B of the Hong Kong
      Listing Rules to regulate the securities transactions of its directors and supervisors. All the directors and supervisors were
      consulted specifically for this matter, and all of them confirmed that they had strictly complied with the relevant provisions
      of the Model Code throughout the reporting period.

      9.4.6 T he Board of Directors’ Deliberation of the Sustainable Development
            Report
      The Board of Directors deliberated the 2020 Sustainable Development Report of China CITIC Bank as a separate proposal
      and had no objections to the content of the report.




152   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




   9.5 Specialized Committees under the Board of Directors

There were 5 specialized committees under the Board of Directors, namely, the Strategic Development Committee,
the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee, the Risk Management Committee, the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee and the Consumer Rights Protection Committee.

9.5.1 Strategic Development Committee
As at the end of the reporting period, the Strategic Development Committee of the 5th session of the Board of Directors
comprised 4 directors, with the then Chairperson and executive director Ms. Li Qingping as committee chairperson, and
executive director Mr. Fang Heying, non-executive director Mr. Cao Guoqiang and independent non-executive director
Mr. Qian Jun as committee members. Its principal responsibilities include: to study the Bank’s operation and management
targets, long-term development strategies, and special strategic development plans respectively regarding human resources,
information technology development and other areas, and make recommendations thereon to the Board of Directors; to
study programs on major cooperation, investment, financing, and merger and acquisition, and make recommendations
thereon to the Board of Directors; and to supervise and examine the implementation of annual business plans and
investment programs as authorized by the Board of Directors.

During the reporting period, the Strategic Development Committee convened 2 meetings in total where it deliberated
and adopted 13 proposals, including the Bank’s 2019 profit distribution plan, 2020 business plan, adjustment scheme on
the 2020 business plan, issue of undated capital bonds, report on equity management of substantial shareholders in 2019,
adjustments to the plan for increasing share capital of CITIC aiBank Corporation Limited, amendments to the Measures
for Equity Investment Management of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited and amendment to the Rules of Procedures of
the Strategic Development Committee under the Board of Directors of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited. The attendance
records of the Strategic Development Committee members at the committee meetings during the reporting period are set
out in the table below.

                                                                       In-person attendance/      Attendance by proxy/
 Members                                                                 number of meetings        number of meetings
 Li Qingping                                                                              2/2                        0/2
 Fang Heying                                                                              2/2                        0/2
 Cao Guoqiang                                                                             2/2                        0/2
 Qian Jun                                                                                 2/2                        0/2


9.5.2 Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee
As at the end of the reporting period, the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee of the 5th session
of the Board of Directors comprised 4 directors, with independent non-executive director Mr. Yan Lap Kei Isaac as
chairperson, and independent non-executive directors Mr. He Cao, Ms. Chen Lihua and Mr. Qian Jun as members. The
principal responsibilities of the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee include the following: to inspect
the risk profile and compliance status, accounting policies and practices, financial reporting procedures and financial
position of the Bank; to review the Bank’s regulations on financial monitoring, internal control and risk management;
and to study the regulations on related party transactions, make recommendations thereon to the Board of Directors, and
supervise the implementation of such regulations.




                                                                                                       2020 Annual Report    153
      Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




      During the reporting period, the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee convened 13 meetings in total.
      At the meetings, the committee reviewed and adopted 29 proposals, including the Bank’s periodic reports, engagement of
      accounting firms for 2020 and their fees, amendments to the internal audit charter, and credit extension to related parties,
      and listened to 10 presentations respectively regarding the Bank’s operating results for the full year of 2019 and for the
      1st quarter, first half and 3rd quarter of 2020, and report on internal control and compliance and anti-money laundering
      work in 2019. The attendance records of the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee members at the
      committee meetings during the reporting period are set out in the table below.

                                                                                                    In-person attendance/                Attendance by proxy/
       Members                                                                                         number of meetings                  number of meetings
       Yan Lap Kei Isaac                                                                                                   13/13                                0/13
       He Cao                                                                                                              13/13                                0/13
       Chen Lihua                                                                                                             9/9                                 0/9
       Qian Jun                                                                                                            12/13                                1/13

      Note:   On 26 March 2020, the meeting of Board of Directors reviewed and adopted related proposals, electing Ms. Chen Lihua, the independent non-executive director
              as member of the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee of the Board of Directors.


      During the preparation and audit of the Bank’s 2020 Annual Report, the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control
      Committee reviewed the audit time frame and progress schedule of the external auditors and checked on and supervised
      external auditors’ work by means of listening to presentations and arranging symposiums. The committee reviewed the
      Bank’s financial statements for twice. In addition, the committee carried out multiple rounds of adequate communication
      with the CPAs responsible for the annual audit. The Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee convened
      a meeting on 19 March 2021, opining that the financial statements of the Bank gave a true, accurate and complete view of
      the overall situation of the Bank. Based on its review of the external auditor’s summary report on the annual audit plus its
      comprehensive objective assessment of the performance and professionalism of the annual audit assignment, the committee
      gave the consent that the Bank continued to engage PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP as its domestic auditor and
      PricewaterhouseCoopers as its overseas auditor for 2021, and decided to submit these matters to the Board of Directors for
      deliberation.

      9.5.3 Risk Management Committee
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Risk Management Committee of the 5th session of the Board of Directors of
      the Bank comprised 4 directors, with executive director Mr. Fang Heying as chairperson, and executive director Mr. Guo
      Danghuai, independent non-executive directors Mr. Qian Jun and Mr. Yan Lap Kei Isaac as members. The principal
      responsibilities of the committee include the following: to supervise the senior management’s control of credit risk,
      liquidity risk, market risk, operational risk, compliance risk and reputational risk; to evaluate risk preference, credit policy,
      policies on management of liquidity risk, market risk, operational risk, compliance risk and reputational risk, lawfulness
      and compliance of business operation, risk management profile and risk tolerance of the Bank on a regular basis; to advise
      the Board of Directors on how to improve risk management and internal control of the Bank; to comprehensively manage
      the risk of money laundering across the Bank, guide the whole bank on how to fulfill its anti-money laundering duties and
      obligations, review and identify the overall situation of money laundering risks, report the same to the Board of Directors
      and put forward opinions on how to handle major anti-money laundering matters.




154   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                  Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




During the reporting period, the Risk Management Committee convened 7 meetings where it deliberated and adopted
16 proposals, including the Bank’s 2019 Report on Management of Capital Adequacy Ratios, 2019 Report on Internal
Assessment of Capital Adequacy, and amendment to 2020 Risk Preference Statement; and the committee listened to 24
presentations including the Bank’s comprehensive risk management for the full year of 2019 and that for the 1st quarter,
first half and 3rd quarter of 2020, report on the Group’s execution of financial statements consolidation management in
2019, internal control and compliance and anti-money laundering work in 2019, information technology risk management
report for 2019 and report on the impact of COVID-19 on the Bank’s credit granting business. The attendance records of
the Risk Management Committee members at the committee meetings during the reporting period are set out in the table
below.

                                                                        In-person attendance/       Attendance by proxy/
 Members                                                                  number of meetings          number of meetings
 Fang Heying                                                                                5/7                         2/7
 Guo Danghuai                                                                               6/7                         1/7
 Qian Jun                                                                                   6/7                         1/7
 Yan Lap Kei Isaac                                                                          7/7                         0/7


9.5.4 Nomination and Remuneration Committee
As at the end of the reporting period, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the 5th session of the Board
of Directors of the Bank comprised 3 directors, with independent non-executive director Mr. Qian Jun as chairperson,
and non-executive director Ms. Huang Fang and independent non-executive director Mr. Yan Lap Kei Isaac as members.
Principal responsibilities of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee are the following: to assist the Board of
Directors in formulating the procedures and standards for selecting and appointing board directors and senior management
members; to advise the Board of Directors on candidates for independent non-executive directors; to deliberate the
remuneration management rules and policies of the Bank; to formulate the performance evaluation methods and
remuneration schemes for directors and senior management members, and to make recommendations on the remuneration
schemes to the Board of Directors and supervise the implementation of such schemes.

The Bank believes that diversity of board members is conducive to enhancing its operational quality and is a key factor
in its efforts to attain strategic goals, maintain competitive advantages and achieve sustainable development. In setting the
composition of the board membership, the Bank considers the diversity of board members in a number of ways, including
but not limited to talent, skill, knowledge, industry experience and expertise, cultural and educational backgrounds, gender,
age and ethnicity. The appointment of all board members should be made after comprehensive consideration of the talents,
skills, knowledge, experiences, cultural and educational backgrounds required for the overall operation of the Board.

When reviewing candidates for board directorship and making recommendations to the Board, the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee under the Board of Directors will consider candidates based on their respective objective
conditions, and consider the benefits of board member diversity in all aspects, taking into comprehensive account of the
talents, skills, knowledge, experiences, cultural and educational backgrounds of board members. At any given time, the
Nomination and Remuneration Committee may recommend the Board to seek improvement to its diversity in one or more
aspects in order to maintain an appropriate and balanced composition of the Board in the light of the Bank’s business
development.

The current session of the Board of Directors of the Bank comprises members of different genders, ages, cultures,
educational backgrounds and professional experiences. For relevant information about the directors, please refer to Chapter
8 “Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates” of this report.




                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report     155
      Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




      During the reporting period, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee convened 5 meetings where it deliberated
      and adopted 10 proposals, including the appointment of Mr. Lu Wei and Mr. Lü Tiangui as Vice Presidents of the
      Bank, the report on assessment of the directors’ performance of duties in 2019, the duty performance of the Nomination
      and Remuneration Committee regarding information disclosure in the 2019 annual report, the 2020 work plan of the
      Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors, and the 2019 plan for performance appraisal of and
      payment of remunerations to senior management members. The attendance records of the Nomination and Remunerations
      Committee members at the committee meetings during the reporting period are set out in the table below.

                                                                              In-person attendance/      Attendance by proxy/
       Members                                                                  number of meetings         number of meetings
       Qian Jun                                                                                  4/5                         1/5
       Huang Fang                                                                                5/5                         0/5
       Yan Lap Kei Isaac                                                                         5/5                         0/5

      During the reporting period, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee studied and reviewed the remuneration
      scheme for the Bank’s senior management and supervised its implementation. The committee was of the view that the
      senior management of the Bank performed its fiduciary duties and due diligence, resolutely implemented the plans and
      decisions of the CPC Central Committee and the central government as well as and regulators’ requirements, pursued
      development amid transformation, maintained stable progress in operating results, and achieved sound development in
      2020, within its scope of mandate as specified in relevant laws and regulations and the Bank’s Articles of Association,
      and as guided and authorized by the Board of Directors and supervised by the Board of Supervisors. Upon review, the
      committee held that the remunerations for directors, supervisors and senior management members as disclosed by the Bank
      were consistent with relevant remuneration policies and schemes and in compliance with applicable information disclosure
      standards required for listed issuers by domestic and overseas regulators. The committee confirmed that the Bank did not
      have any share incentive scheme in effect as at the end of the reporting period.

      During the reporting period, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee performed the nomination procedure for
      directors and senior management members in line with its rules of procedures, including: reviewing the qualifications of the
      nominated candidates for directors and senior management members in terms of their independence, expertise, experiences
      and capabilities; reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board of Directors (including skills, knowledge and
      experience) at least on an annual basis; and making recommendations on any proposed changes regarding the Board of
      Directors to match the Bank’s development strategy.

      9.5.5 Consumer Rights Protection Committee
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Consumer Rights Protection Committee of the 5th session of the Board of
      Directors of the Bank comprised 3 directors, with non-executive director Ms. Huang Fang as chairperson, and independent
      non-executive directors Mr. He Cao and Ms. Chen Lihua as members. Principal responsibilities of the Consumer Rights
      Protection Committee include the following: to formulate the Bank’s strategies, policies and objectives on consumer
      rights protection work; to urge the senior management to effectively implement and practice relevant work of consumer
      rights protection; and to supervise and assess the Bank’s consumer rights protection work regarding its comprehensiveness,
      timeliness and effectiveness, and the senior management’s performance of duties.




156   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                   Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




During the reporting period, the Consumer Rights Protection Committee convened 5 meetings where it deliberated and
adopted 2 proposals regarding amendments to the Measures for Consumer Rights Protection Management of China CITIC
Bank Corporation Limited and its 2020 annual work plan, and the committee listened to 6 presentations respectively
regarding the Bank’s consumer rights protection work for the full year of 2019, the complaint management work in 2019
and key points in No.5 document of 2020 of the People’s Bank of China. The attendance records of the Consumer Rights
Protection Committee members at the committee meetings during the reporting period are set out in the table below.

                                                                          In-person attendance/       Attendance by proxy/
 Members                                                                    number of meetings         number of meetings
 Huang Fang                                                                                   5/5                        0/5
 He Cao                                                                                       5/5                        0/5
 Chen Lihua                                                                                   5/5                        0/5



   9.6 Board of Supervisors

The Board of Supervisors is the supervisory body of the Bank accountable to the general meeting. As at the disclosure date
of this report, the Board of Supervisors of the Bank comprised 8 members. For details thereof, please refer to Chapter 8
“Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates” of this report.

According to the Bank’s Articles of Association, the principal responsibilities of the Board of Supervisors of the Bank
include the following: to supervise the performance of the duties by and due diligence of the directors and senior
management members; to examine and supervise the financial activities of the Bank; to verify the financial information
such as financial reports, business reports and profit distribution plan and regular reports that the Board of Directors
intends to submit to the general meeting; to audit the business decision-making, risk management and internal control
of the Bank, if necessary, and to provide guidance and conduct supervision on the work of the internal audit department
of the Bank; to supervise the establishment and implementation of the internal control by the Board of Directors; and to
supervise the Board of Directors on its consolidation management of the Bank; among others.

For details on work carried out by the Board of Supervisors and its specialized committees during the reporting period,
please refer to Chapter 10 “Report of the Board of Supervisors” of this report.



   9.7 Senior Management

The senior management is the executive arm of the Bank accountable to the Board of Directors. There is a strict division
of duties and separation of power between the Bank’s senior management and the Board of Directors. As authorized by
the Board of Directors, the senior management manages and makes decisions on business operation within its mandate.
The Board of Directors evaluates the performance of the senior management members, the results of which shall be used
as the basis for determining remunerations and other incentive arrangements for the senior management members. The
senior management should truthfully report to the Board of Directors or the Board of Supervisors, on a regular basis or as
required by the Board of Directors or the Board of Supervisors, information regarding the Bank’s business performance,
important contracts, financial positions, risk profiles, business outlooks and significant events. As at the disclosure date of
this report, the Bank’s senior management comprised 10 members. For details thereof, please refer to Chapter 8 “Directors,
Supervisors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates” of this report.




                                                                                                           2020 Annual Report     157
      Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




         9.8 Establishment and Implementation of Performance Evaluation and
             Incentive Mechanisms for Senior Management Members

      The Bank kept improving its mechanism for annual performance evaluation and incentive of the senior management
      members. During the reporting period, the Bank assessed the attainment of business targets and ability to perform duties
      of the senior management members, and results of the annual performance evaluation are closely linked to the senior
      management members’ remunerations.



         9.9 Chairperson and President

      The Bank set separated positions of its Chairperson and President. During the reporting period, Ms. Li Qingping was
      Chairperson and executive director of the Bank, responsible for presiding over the general meeting, convening and presiding
      over meetings of the Board of Directors and examining the implementation of board resolutions and other relevant matters.
      Mr. Fang Heying was President and executive director of the Bank, performing the duties including implementing board
      resolutions and leading the Bank in its business operation and management and other relevant matters. The division of
      duties between the Chairperson and President of the Bank was clearly defined and in compliance with the Hong Kong
      Listing Rules.

      Due to work arrangement, Ms. Li Qingping resigned from her position as the chairperson and executive director of the
      Bank, and chairperson and member of the Strategic Development Committee of the Board in March 2021. To ensure the
      proper functioning of the Board, in accordance to the PRC Company Law and other laws and regulations as well as the
      Articles of Association of the Bank, the Board of Director nominated Mr. Zhu Hexin as a non-executive director candidate
      of the 5th session of the Board of Directors and elected Mr. Zhu Hexin as the chairperson of the 5th session of the Board
      of Directors, to be effective after the election of him as a non-executive director of the Bank on the General Meeting
      and on the date of the approval of his qualification to act as non-executive director and chairperson of the Bank from
      the supervisory institution. And the Board of Directors agreed that prior to Mr. Zhu Hexin taking office, in compliance
      with supervisory provisions, Mr. Fang Heying, executive director and President of the Bank, shall perform the duties
      of chairperson of the Bank from the effective date of Ms. Li Qingping’s resignation, to the date when Mr. Zhu Hexin
      officially takes the office as non-executive director and Chairperson of the Bank.



         9.10 Company Secretary as per the Hong Kong Listing Rules

      As at the disclosure date of this report, the Bank engaged, externally, Ms. Kam Mei Ha Wendy (FCS, FCIS) as the joint
      company secretary of the Bank as per the Hong Kong Listing Rules; and the main contact person of Ms. Kam Mei Ha
      Wendy within the Bank was Ms. Zhang Qing, the board secretary and company secretary of the Bank. The contact
      information of Ms. Zhang Qing is Tel: +86-10-66638188, Fax: +86-10-65559255.



         9.11 Explanations on Independence from the Controlling Shareholder

      The Bank is fully independent from the controlling shareholder in terms of business, assets, institutional set-up and
      financials, and maintains its independent and complete business as well as the capability of independent business operation.




158   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                  Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




   9.12 Independent Non-Executive Directors’ Statement on Undertakings
        Made by CITIC Group and CIFH under the Non-Competition
        Deed

CITIC Group transferred its 70.32% equity interest in CIFH to the Bank on 23 October 2009, thus releasing CIFH from
all obligations under the Non-Competition Deed.

The independent non-executive directors of the Bank came to a conclusion on the non-competition undertakings of CITIC
Group, holding that CITIC Group honored its non-competition undertakings during the reporting period. CITIC Group
produced a statement on the performance of its non-competition undertakings under the Non-Competition Deed it entered
into with the Bank on 13 March 2007.



   9.13 Development and Review of Corporate Governance Policies and
         Practices

The Board of Directors of the Bank attached great importance to the establishment and improvement of internal rules
and regulations on corporate governance. During the reporting period, the Bank amended the Measures for Consumer
Rights Protection Management of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited, the Rules of Procedures of the Board of Directors
of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited, and the Rules of Procedures of the Strategic Development Committee under the
Board of Directors of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited, and formulated the Measures for Performance Appraisal of
Senior Management Members of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited in light of its own real situations and relevant
regulatory requirements. These efforts further improved the Bank’s corporate governance regulations and provided an
important support for the Bank to carry out scientific operation of corporate governance and more standard management
of shareholder rights and obligations.

The Board of Supervisors of the Bank continued to strengthen top-level design and improve its performance assessment
policy system. During the reporting period, the Bank amended the Rules of Procedures of the Board of Supervisors of China
CITIC Bank Corporation Limited, and formulated the Detailed Rules for Assessment of Senior Management Members by
the Board of Supervisors of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited (Trial) and the Measures for Interview with Directors
and Senior Management Members by the Board of Supervisors of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited (Trial) according
to actual conditions of the Bank and regulatory requirements. These rules further refined the performance assessment
standards, enriched the means of performance assessment, and improved the Board of Supervisors’ policy system for
supervision of duty performance.



   9.14 Review and Supervision of Training and Continuing Professional
         Development of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
         Members

The Board of Directors kept urging the directors and senior management members to participate in relevant training for
better professional development in general and for the directors to enhance their comprehensive quality and competence
for performance of duties in particular. During the reporting period, the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors
organized the directors and the supervisors to participate in relevant training in accordance with the applicable requirements
of the CSRC, Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission, SEHK and CBIRC. The training achieved very good results.




                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report     159
      Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




      The table below sets out the participation of the Bank’s directors, supervisors, and board secretary in the reporting period
      in the training provided by relevant institutions.

                                                                                                                        Training
       Name                Title                                    Trainer                  Training Model       Duration (day)
       Li Qingping         then Chairperson, Executive director     CSRC Beijing Bureau,     Online training                   3
                                                                    China CITIC Bank         On site lecturing
       Fang Heying         Executive director, President,           CSRC Beijing Bureau,     Online training                   2
                             Chief Financial Officer
       Cao Guoqiang        Non-executive director                   CSRC Beijing Bureau,    Online training                  1.5
                                                                    China CITIC Bank        On site lecturing
       Guo Danghuai        Executive director, Vice President       China CITIC Bank        On site lecturing                0.5
       Huang Fang          Non-executive director                   CSRC Beijing Bureau,    Online training                  1.5
                                                                    China CITIC Bank        On site lecturing
       Wan Liming          Non-executive director                   CSRC Beijing Bureau,    Online training                    1
                                                                    China CITIC Bank        On site lecturing
       He Cao              Independent Non-executive director       SSE, China CITIC Bank   Online training                    3
                                                                                            On site lecturing
       Chen Lihua          Independent Non-executive director         SSE, China CITIC Bank Online training                    3
                                                                                            On site lecturing
       Qian Jun            Independent Non-executive director         China CITIC Bank      On site lecturing                0.5
       Yan Lap Kei Isaac   Independent Non-executive director         SSE, China CITIC Bank Online training                    1
                                                                                            On site lecturing
       Liu Cheng           Chairman of the Board of Supervisors,      CSRC Beijing Bureau,  Online training                  2.5
                             Employee Representative Supervisor       China CITIC Bank      On site lecturing
       Deng Changqing      then Shareholder Representative Supervisor CSRC Beijing Bureau,  Online training                  2.5
                                                                      China CITIC Bank      On site lecturing
       Jia Xiangsen        External Supervisor                        CSRC Beijing Bureau,  Online training                  2.5
                                                                      China CITIC Bank      On site lecturing
       Zheng Wei           External Supervisor                        CSRC Beijing Bureau,  Online training                  2.5
                                                                      China CITIC Bank      On site lecturing
       Wei Guobin          External Supervisor                        CSRC Beijing Bureau,  Online training                  2.5
                                                                      China CITIC Bank      On site lecturing
       Li Gang             Employee Representative Supervisor         CSRC Beijing Bureau,  Online training                  2.5
                                                                      China CITIC Bank      On site lecturing
       Chen Panwu          Employee Representative Supervisor         CSRC Beijing Bureau,  Online training                  1.5
                                                                      China CITIC Bank      On site lecturing
       Zeng Yufang         Employee Representative Supervisor         CSRC Beijing Bureau,  Online training                    1
       Zhang Qing          Board Secretary                            CSRC Beijing Bureau,  Online training                    2
                                                                      China CITIC Bank      On site lecturing

      Ms. Zhang Qing, board secretary and company secretary of the Bank, participated in relevant professional training sessions
      organized by the regulators and other relevant organizations, completing more than 15 training hours during the reporting
      period, compliant with relevant regulatory requirements of SEHK.




160   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                        Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




As per relevant regulatory requirements, the Bank compiled the References Letters for Directors and Supervisors on both
regular and non-regular basis to help the directors and supervisors gain a comprehensive understanding of the business
momentum, strategy implementation, risk control, internal control and compliance of the Bank. The directors of the
Bank reviewed the reports and other written materials provided to them regarding the latest developments in the banking
industry in general and the Bank’s business in particular as well as relevant legal and regulatory requirements. Below is a
summary of the directors’ continuing professional development during the reporting period.

                                                                                                         Monthly updates and
                                                                                                       other reading materials
                                                                                                       on latest developments
                                                                                                        in the Bank’s business
                                                                                                             operation and the
                                                                             Training on business,    banking industry as well
                                                                              directors’ duties and       as relevant legal and
 Name                                                                        corporate governance     regulatory requirements
 Li Qingping (The then Chairperson, Executive director)                                          3                           3
 Fang Heying (Executive director, President, Chief Financial Officer)                            3                           3
 Cao Guoqiang (Non-executive director)                                                           3                           3
 Guo Danghuai (Executive director & Vice President)                                              3                           3
 Huang Fang (Non-executive director)                                                             3                           3
 Wan Liming (Non-executive director)                                                             3                           3
 He Cao (Independent non-executive director)                                                     3                           3
 Chen Lihua (Independent non-executive director)                                                 3                           3
 Qian Jun (Independent non-executive director)                                                   3                           3
 Yan Lap Kei Isaac (Independent non-executive director)                                          3                           3



   9.15 Review and Supervision of the Company’s Policies and Practices
         for Compliance with Legal and Regulatory Requirements

Under the guidance of the Board of Directors, the Bank continued to strengthen internal control and compliance
management and improve the supervision, management and control system. It strengthened the protection of customer
information in a well-targeted manner and the governance of problems in key internal control and compliance areas such
as cross-financial risk prevention and control. The Bank intensified the whole-life-cycle management of policy building,
ensured the effectiveness of policy design and implementation, and deepened policy governance. It stepped up the building
of the employee behavior management system and implemented the 5C standardized management of internal control
and compliance. What’s more, the Bank deepened the rectification of irregularities in the credit field, and carried out
internal control assessment of key control links. It also strengthened the duty performance of legal persons in terms of anti-
money laundering, further improved the risk prevention and control system for money laundering and terrorist financing,
enhanced the control synergy of anti-money laundering, and reinforced compliance management at its overseas institutions
to ensure compliance with regulations. Furthermore, the Board of Directors periodically reviewed internal control and
compliance reports, guided the comprehensive promotion of a compliance and risk culture, further elevated all-employee
recognition of the value of compliance, and raised their awareness of compliant operation.



   9.16 C ompliance with the Corporate Governance Code under the
        Hong Kong Listing Rules

The Bank was in compliance with all code provisions as well as most of the recommended best practices of the Corporate
Governance Code set out in Appendix 14 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules throughout the year ended 31 December 2020,
except for the following:




                                                                                                            2020 Annual Report    161
      Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




      According to Code A.1.3 of the Corporate Governance Code, the meeting notice of the Board of Directors shall be given
      at least 14 days before each regular board meeting, while all directors and supervisors shall be notified in writing 10 days
      prior to a regular board meeting according to Article 179 of the Bank’s Articles of Association. The Bank adopted the
      abovementioned latter notice practice for regular board meetings because a 10-day prior notice practice complies with
      applicable PRC laws and regulations, and reasonable time is deemed to have been given.

      According to Code A.6.7 of the Corporate Governance Code, independent non-executive directors and other non-executive
      directors should attend the general meetings. Some directors were unable to attend the general meetings of the Bank in
      person due to conflict of timing or other arrangements.

      According to Article A.5.6 of the Corporate Governance Code, the Nomination Committee (or the Board of Directors) shall
      formulate a policy on diversity of board members, and disclose its policy or policy summary in the corporate governance
      report. Members of the current Board of Directors of the Bank include directors with different gender, age, cultural
      and educational backgrounds and professional experience. For details on directors, please refer to Chapter 8 “Directors,
      Supervisors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates” of this report. The Board of Directors of the Bank has
      formulated the Policy on Diversity of Board Members, which meets the requirements of Article A.5.6 of the Corporate
      Governance Code.

      Given the changes in the external business environment and regulatory requirements in general and changes in the business
      scopes and scales of banks in particular, there is no end to the improvement of internal control of banks. Therefore, the
      Bank will follow the requirements of external regulators, the work requirements of listed companies and the criteria of
      leading banks in the world to continuously optimize its internal control management.



         9.17 Investor Relations

      Attaching great importance to investor protection, the Bank built a multi-dimensional and multi-tier investor
      communication and service system. During the reporting period, in response to the severe situation of COVID-19
      pandemic, the Bank communicated with investors and addressed their concerns through various approaches such as investor
      hotline, emails, SSE e-interaction platform, online results briefing and online explanation meetings on cash dividends.
      The Bank also intensified efforts in the promotion and publicity among domestic investors by actively promoting the
      implementation of its 2018-2020 Development Plan and publicizing its business strategies and achievements in accelerating
      business transformation, strengthening risk prevention and control and consolidating its development foundation, and
      hence increased investor recognition of the Bank’s investment value. After disclosing its interim report, annual report
      and other important periodic reports, taking full consideration of the requirements for pandemic prevention and control,
      the Bank carried out road shows in Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen etc. and held symposiums and exchange meetings for
      domestic and overseas institutional investors for continuous survey and exchange on the capital market, to make timely
      accurate reports on relevant important information to the senior management and regulatory authorities. These efforts
      conveyed useful market opinions to the Bank and facilitated the sound interaction between business operation and capital
      market. In addition, the Bank adopted new communication methods by participating in the collective reception day for
      investors in companies in Beijing and carrying out special activities such as “Care for Investors, Act Together — Study
      and Implement the New Securities Law”. Making full use of online communication platforms, the Bank strengthened the
      communication and interaction with minority investors, gained continuous attention from the market, and achieved better
      communication effect. In terms of equity management, the Bank continued to implement the Interim Measures for Equity
      Management of Commercial Banks and supporting regulatory requirements thereof promulgated by the CBIRC, maintained
      close communication with its substantial shareholders to improve equity management, and implemented the measures for
      equity pledge management of the Bank, further enhancing its equity management. During the reporting period, the Bank
      accumulatively communicated with more than 1,600 person-time capital market participants and more than 350 domestic
      and overseas institutional investors, effectively meeting the needs of domestic and foreign investors for communication and
      winning the Bank the “2020 Commercial Bank with Highest Investment Value” from investorchina.cn.




162   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                    Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




   9.18 Information Disclosure and Management of Insider Information

During the reporting period, strictly following the principles of truthfulness, accuracy, completeness, timeliness and
fairness, abiding by laws and regulations, and considering the information needs of investors, the Bank published over
400 periodic reports, interim announcements and other documents at the SSE and the SEHK, totaling more than 4.2
million words. Meanwhile, the Bank kept improving the framework and contents of its periodic reports to make it more
concise and easier to understand, increased disclosures regarding market concerns, constantly improved the pertinence and
effectiveness of information disclosure, and provided investors with timely, sufficient and effective information to effectively
protect investors’ right to know.

During the reporting period, the Bank kept pace with regulatory developments to develop internal policies and procedures
in line with the latest regulatory rules. Pursuant to the Securities Law of the People’s Republic of China (Revised in 2019), the
Guidelines of Shanghai Stock Exchange on Reporting of Insiders of Listed Companies and other relevant laws and regulations
as well as regulatory provisions, the Bank revised 9 policies including the Administrative Measures for Information Disclosure
and its companion rules, further fortifying the compliance foundation for information disclosure. At the same time, the
Bank kept improving its management mechanism for insider information, actively carried out relevant training, raised
the compliance awareness of insiders, and properly registered insider information and insiders at critical time points, so
as to prevent the risks of insider information divulgence and insider trading. During the reporting period, through self-
investigation, the Bank was not aware of any circumstance where any insider traded the Bank’s shares by virtue of insider
information.



   9.19 Management of Related Party Transactions

During the reporting period, the Bank continued to attach great importance to the management of related party
transactions pursuant to the policy trends and management requirements of the CBIRC, the CSRC, the SSE and the
SEHK. It optimized its rules and mechanism for such management, raised the awareness for compliance of related party
transactions, accelerated the IT application in related party transactions, and enhanced the efficiency and degree of
refinement of the management of related party transactions. The Bank also promoted the creation of synergistic value and
shareholder value under the premise of compliance, and effectively protected the interests of shareholders and investors.

The Bank upheld its management system that featured decision making by the Board of Directors, supervision by the
Board of Supervisors, execution by the senior management, and division of duties among business units. The Bank
effectively performed their obligations of reviewing and disclosing related party transactions, submitted material related
party transactions to the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee for review and to the Board of Directors
for deliberation on a case-by-case basis, and disclosed such transactions and filed them with the CBIRC and the Board of
Supervisors of the Bank for record, in strict compliance with relevant requirements on the management of related party
transactions. The Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee under the Board of Directors consisted fully of
independent non-executive directors who carried out preliminary review of material related party transactions and expressed
independent opinions thereabout on behalf of minority shareholders to ensure that such transactions were made pursuant
to internal approval procedures and in a fair manner on terms no more favorable than those available to independent third
parties and in the overall interests of the Bank and all of its shareholders.




                                                                                                             2020 Annual Report     163
      Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




      During the reporting period, guided by the concept of “returning to original purposes of regulation and creating value
      through compliance” and considering policy trends and regulatory requirements, the Bank managed related party
      transactions more effectively through a further standardized process to enhance the IT application and automation of related
      party transactions management and to ensure compliance and orderly conduct of related party transactions. It further
      streamlined the scope of related individuals managed, pursued automatic collection of information on related individuals
      in the human resources system, thus ensuring more timely acquisition of information on related individuals. The Bank
      further improved the management of non-credit related party transactions. Annual review was conducted over the validity
      of upper limits granted for ongoing related party transactions with related parties of shareholders during 2018-2020, with
      the annual amounts of non-credit transactions with related parties of shareholders estimated in detail and brought as major
      related party transactions through the procedures for deliberation by the Board of Directors, disclosure and filing with the
      CBIRC and the Board of Supervisors. The Bank strengthened the overall planning for transactions with related parties of
      shareholders, and completed the application for upper limits of continued related party transactions for 2021-2023 with
      such related parties based on actual needs and on the prerequisite of compliance first. It also further optimized the review
      and reporting mechanism for related party transactions by the Board of Directors by enhancing the depth, breadth and
      refinement of reporting, which enhanced the assessment of transaction reasonableness and avoided improper transfer of
      interests. In the meantime, a regular reporting mechanism was established for risk monitoring to ensure timely and effective
      identification and mitigation of risks. The Bank further improved the related party transactions management system. Based
      on the integration of information on related parties and related party transactions, the system was connected to the human
      resources system, business systems and external data platforms, thus continuously increasing the automated collection and
      statistical processing of information. In addition, the Bank further deepened the awareness of related party transaction
      compliance, strengthened supervision and guidance on day-to-day related party transaction management through multiple
      methods such as preparing manuals and promoting compliance publicity screensaver, thereby ensuring that its related party
      transactions were made in an orderly and compliant manner.



         9.20 Internal Control Assessment

      The purpose of the Bank’s internal control is to reasonably ensure the lawfulness and compliance of business and
      management, safety of assets, and truthfulness and completeness of financial reports and other relevant information,
      improve business efficiency and effectiveness, and promote the implementation of the development strategy. The Board of
      Directors authorized the internal audit function to self-assess the effectiveness of the internal control design and operation
      of the Bank in accordance with relevant requirements such as the Basic Standards for Enterprise Internal Control, Guidelines
      for Assessment of Enterprise Internal Control and Guidelines for Internal Control of Commercial Banks, and in combination
      with the Bank’s rules and assessment measures on internal control. The internal audit function produced the 2020 Internal
      Control Assessment Report of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited (“the Internal Control Assessment Report”), holding that
      the Bank’s internal control was valid as at 31 December 2020 (record date). In the course of the self-assessment exercise,
      the Bank was not aware of any material defects in its internal control. The Board of Supervisors of the Bank reviewed the
      Internal Control Assessment Report and had no objections to the content of the report.

      Please refer to the relevant announcements published on the websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.
      hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) on the disclosure date of this report for the Internal Control Assessment
      Report (including the statements of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors on their respective responsibilities
      in relation to internal control).




164   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                    Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




   9.21 Development of Internal Control and Major Measures Adopted

The Bank always follows the overarching principle of pursuing progress while ensuring stability and upholds the business
philosophy that “compliance creates profits”. It keeps strengthening the internal control and compliance management
mechanism, endeavoring to fulfill the management objective of “Safe CITIC Bank” by enhancing the capability of
compliance risk management, cementing the foundation for compliance governance and boosting the efficiency of
compliance governance.

At the same time, the Bank emphasized the management requirements for a tier-one legal person across the Bank. It put
the annual authorization under the further “differentiated, standardized and meticulous” management, further advocated
granting of differentiated authorization to branches located in three major regions. It revised authorization rules, established
and improved the review mechanism for exercise of delegated powers at Head Office and branch levels, refined the rules
for exercise of power and discharge of duties, strengthened the responsibility for follow-up supervision over the exercise
of delegated power, clarified the authorization management mechanism for subsidiaries and continued to improve the
authorization management rules. It also brought discipline to authorization management at all levels of institutions and
made timely and dynamic adjustment to authorization to further standardize management and increase business efficiency.

The Bank carried out “review” of rectification of irregularities on the market across the board, reviewed the rectification
results of previous years, and conducted a comprehensive and in-depth self-inspection according to the rectification
priorities for 2020. It thoroughly investigated the problems and potential risks in operation and management, conducted
strict self-inspection and self-correction, and conducted accountability according to law. Thanks to all of these efforts, the
Bank managed to conduct internal control more effectively and execute related policies more efficiently.

In the in-depth governance of policies, the Bank organized all employees to find out problems in policies and put forward
governance suggestions, and urged the Head Office departments to assess suggestions and examine policies in line with the
requirements of deepening compliance, controlling risks, optimizing processes, strengthening connection and facilitating
implementation. As a result, the Bank revised and formulated 506 policies, issued 60 normative documents and optimized
53 system functions, effectively preventing and controlling risks at the source.

Meanwhile, the Bank continuously improved the fraud case prevention and behavior management system. In line with
regulatory requirements and risk priorities, the Bank revised and issued a number of policies on case prevention and
employee behavior management, released risk alerts for problems identified in internal and external inspections, and
conducted regular investigation and monitoring of abnormal employee behaviors. The Bank cooperated with all business
lines and departments to carry out bank-wide warning education, and continuously standardized and deepened the fraud
case prevention and employee behavior management across the Bank.

In the campaign of risk compliance culture season themed on “Upholding Honesty and Integrity • Safe CITIC Bank”
in 2020, the Bank promoted “compliance-first, risk-oriented” concept and built a compliance culture publicity and
implementation system integrating training, examination, tour lecture and warning through series activities of discussion
and reflection, tour and warning, risk screening, rectification, and examination following learning. Through these efforts,
the Bank raised the risk compliance awareness of all employees, improved their risk and compliance management skills, and
boosted the high-quality development of the Bank.

Additionally, the Bank continued to build a multi-tier, practical compliance training and examination system, provide
compliance both online and offline training through multiple channels, and strengthened the building of the compliance
trainer team. The Bank harnessed the off-site support role of the 5C platform, and launched feature programs of “Jointly
Fight the COVID-19 Pandemic through 5C Platform” and “Policy and Problem Governance, Securing Behavior and Credit
Management”. And the Bank summarized the employees’ must-know knowledge in key areas including employee behavior
management, customer information protection, anti-money laundering and organized 53,000 people for the compliance
test. The Bank established pre-taking-office training and examination system for “three types of new staff members” and
organized 7 sessions of training and exams covering 8,799 people, taking good control on qualification before taking office.




                                                                                                            2020 Annual Report     165
      Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




              9.22 Internal Audit

      In accordance with its work objective of “promoting audit transformation and enhancing auditing value”, pursuant to the
      overall arrangements set out in the “2018-2020 Development Plan” and the “8100 Project”45, and with the guidance of the
      Audit Department’s Implementation Program for the New Three-year Plan (2018-2020), the Bank’s internal audit earnestly
      fulfilled its duties of audit supervision, endeavored to build related capabilities, improved auditing technologies and means
      on all fronts, strengthened audit supervision and evaluation, and promoted the application of audit findings, resulting in
      more independent and effective audit.

      During the reporting period, the Bank revised the Internal Audit Charter of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
      (Version 5.0, 2020), strengthened the Board of Supervisors’ guidance on audit and its supervisory duties, enhanced the
      requirements on “strengthening audit with technology” and specified the requirements for tracing and auditing of state
      policy implementation. During the reporting period, the Bank allocated more resources for offsite audit in response to
      the COVID-19 pandemic, and prioritized national policy implementation, regulatory focuses and requirements of the
      Head Office’s Party Committee, directors, supervisors and senior management members in its audit and supervision,
      taking into account the new situation and new changes. Towards the five work objectives of “increasing the proportion
      of regulator-identified problems uncovered earlier”, “enhancing the ability to forestall major risks”, “strengthening the
      audit supervision of key minorities”, “stepping up the detection of frauds” and “strengthening follow-up on rectification”,
      the Bank intensified the supervision over key institutions, key risk fields, key links of business management and staff
      in key positions. What’s more, the Bank conducted special audits over corporate credit, personal loans, centralized
      procurement, implementation of annual credit policy, tracing of rectification of problems identified in external inspections
      etc. and overall audits over branches and major subsidiaries, kept track of internal control risks in a complicated business
      environment and managed to promote the healthy development of business management activities of the Bank.



              9.23 External Audit of Internal Control

      During the reporting period, the Bank engaged PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP to audit the effectiveness of
      its internal control over financial reporting as at 31 December 2020 in accordance with the relevant requirements of the
      Guidelines on Audit of Enterprise Internal Control and the practicing standards for PRC certified public accountants. Based
      on the audit findings, PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP presented to the Bank its audit report on internal control.
      For details thereof, please refer to the announcement published by the Bank on the websites of SSE (http://www.sse.com.
      cn), HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com).

      In its audit opinion on internal control over financial reporting of the Bank, PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP was
      of the view that the Bank maintained effective internal control over financial reporting in all material aspects in accordance
      with the Basic Standards for Enterprise Internal Control and relevant regulations as at 31 December 2020.




      45
           	The “8100 Project” refers to the detailed breakdown arrangements that the Bank used to promote the implementation of the 2018-2020 plan. “8” refers to the “eight
                  major projects”, namely, the eight major measures of the development plan for 2018-2020, including the regional differentiated development project, the “One
                  Body Two Wings” transformation project, the integrated internationalized operation project, the financial technology innovation project, the “Safe CITIC Bank”
                  project, the refined management project, the human resources reform project, and the Party building and corporate culture fostering project. “100” refers to the “100
                  key tasks”, i.e., the 100 major breakdown tasks to promote the implementation of the “eight major projects”.




166   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                  Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




   9.24 Auditors and Their Remunerations

With regard to the auditors engaged by the Bank for the reporting period and their remunerations, please refer to Chapter
4 “Report of the Board of Directors – Engagement of Auditors” of this report for details thereof.

PricewaterhouseCoopers was the overseas auditor engaged by the Bank for the reporting period. Its statement of reporting
obligation in respect of the consolidated financial statements is set out in Chapter 11 “Independent Auditor’s Report and
Audited Financial Statements” of this report.



   9.25 R esponsibility Statement of the Board of Directors on Risk
        Management, Internal Control and Compliance Management

The Board of Directors bears the ultimate responsibility for the Bank’s risk management, internal control and compliance
management and is responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of the regulations thereon. In consideration that the
abovementioned risk management and internal control systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of
failing to achieve business objectives, the Board of Directors can only provide reasonable instead of absolute assurance that
the above-mentioned systems and internal control can prevent any material misstatement or loss. For details on the Bank’s
risk management, please refer to Chapter 3 “Management Discussion and Analysis – Risk Management” of this report.




                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report     167
      Chapter 10 Report of the Board of Supervisors

         10.1 Information on the Meetings of the Board of Supervisors

      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors convened 12 meetings (including 10 onsite meetings and 2 meetings
      via written resolutions) where it deliberated 28 proposals, including those respectively regarding the Bank’s periodic
      reports, profit distribution plan, internal control assessment report, sustainable development report, annual assessment
      report on the performance of duties, and internal assessment of capital adequacy being studied and reviewed; and the
      Board of Supervisors listened to 42 presentations, including those respectively regarding the Bank’s report on operating
      results, report on comprehensive risk management, report on internal control and compliance, rectification of regulatory
      issues, consumer protection, anti-money laundering work, and fraud case prevention. The Board of Supervisors mainly
      performs its supervisory function through holding meetings. Based on comments and suggestions of supervisors, the
      Board of Supervisors issued 6 Supervision Work Letters in the year to relevant business units for research and feedback,
      and submitted them to the Board of Directors and the senior management, which helped further improve the closed-loop
      management mechanism for meetings, making the meeting-related work of the Board of Supervisors more standardized and
      effective, and enhancing the interaction of bodies involved in corporate governance. In addition, the Board of Supervisors
      attended all on-site meetings of the Board of Directors and some of the meetings of the specialized committees of the
      Board of Directors as non-voting delegates to ensure adequate supervision over the decision-making process on the Bank’s
      significant events. Meanwhile, it carried out supervisory inspections of the Bank’s operation and management activities by
      attending senior management meetings as non-voting delegates and reviewing various documents and materials submitted
      by the management.

      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors actively explored new working methods, broadened the channels
      for performing its supervisory functions, and promoted the transformation towards “proactive and dynamic supervision”.
      In line with the requirements of the CPC Central Committee and the regulatory orientation, the Board of Supervisors
      adopted Supervision Reminder Letter to timely convey the supervisory opinions and suggestions of the Board of Supervisors
      concerning key supervision areas and the Bank’s priority tasks to the Board of Directors and the senior management. In
      2020, the Board of Supervisors issued four Supervision Reminder Letters, and played a sound supervisory and reminding
      role by proposing the following supervisory suggestions to the Board of Directors and the senior management: increasing
      support for the development of the manufacturing industry, focusing on improving the financial services for small and
      micro enterprises, effectively strengthening the management of real estate business, advancing capital replenishment and
      strengthening capital management, properly managing and controlling liquidity risk. Meanwhile, the Board of Supervisors
      conducted thematic surveys on the operation and management and corporate governance of subsidiaries, rectification of
      problems identified in internal and external inspections, asset quality, and the prevention and control of fraud case risk,
      covering a total of 8 branches and subsidiaries. The Board of Supervisors further improved the effectiveness of surveys by
      reasonably planning the survey topic selection, continuously improving the survey mode, and reinforcing the transformation
      of survey value. As for common or trending issues and other major issues found in surveys, the Board of Supervisors
      developed special reports and put forward systematic and pertinent opinions and suggestions for the reference of the Party
      Committee, the Board of Directors and the management of the Bank.

      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors further strengthened the top-level design, and kept improving
      system and mechanism development by revising the Rules of Procedures of the Board of Supervisors of China CITIC Bank
      Corporation Limited, formulating the Measures for Interview on Duty Performance of Directors and Senior Management
      Members by the Board of Supervisors of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited (Trial) and the Detailed Rules for Assessment
      of Senior Management Members by the Board of Supervisors of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited (Trial), among
      other rules concerning duty performance assessment. In addition, the Board of Supervisors clarified the key supervisory
      responsibilities, developed the List of Supervisory Responsibilities of the Board of Supervisors which covers 39 responsibilities
      under 6 categories, for the more systematic and science-based supervision. It also elected new external supervisors, actively
      participated in various training, and further strengthened its own development.




168   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                            Chapter 10 Repor t of the Board of Super visors




The attendance records of the members of the Board of Supervisors at the meetings during the reporting period are set out
in the table below:

                                                                                                 In-person attendance/             Attendance by proxy/
 Supervisors                                                                                       number of meetings               number of meetings
 Liu Cheng                                                                                                       12/12                             0/12
 Jia Xiangsen                                                                                                    12/12                             0/12
 Zheng Wei                                                                                                       11/12                             1/12
 Wei Guobin                                                                                                        8/8                              0/8
 Li Gang                                                                                                         12/12                             0/12
 Chen Panwu                                                                                                      12/12                             0/12
 Zeng Yufang                                                                                                     10/12                             2/12

Notes:   1.	During the reporting period, before his departure as supervisor, Mr. Deng Changqing attended 9 meetings in person and 2 meetings by proxy among the 11
            total meetings taken place during his tenure.
         2.	During the reporting period, before her departure as supervisor, Ms. Wang Xiuhong attended 2 meetings in person and 2 meetings by proxy among the 4
            total meetings taken place during her tenure.
         3.	From 20 May 2020 when Mr. Wei Guobin served as an external supervisor of the 5th session of the Board of Supervisors of the Bank to the end of the
            reporting period, the Bank held a total of 8 meetings of the Board of Supervisors.


During the reporting period, all the 3 external supervisors of the Bank were able to exercise their supervisory duties
independently, and worked in the Bank for more than 15 working days, meeting regulatory requirements. By attending
meetings of the Board of Supervisors, participating in the meetings of the Board of Directors and its specialized committees
as non-voting attendees, and joining the thematic surveys of the Board of Supervisors and other activities, external
supervisors actively learned about the Bank’s operation and management status, carefully studied various proposals
and special reports, made independent, professional and objective judgment on the Bank’s affairs, and actively put
forward suggestions at the meetings of the Board of Supervisors, playing an important role in fulfilling the supervisory
responsibilities of the Board of Supervisors.



    10.2 Specialized Committees under the Board of Supervisors

The Supervision Committee and the Nomination Committee are the specialized committees set up under the Board of
Supervisors.

10.2.1 Supervision Committee
As at the end of the reporting period, the Supervision Committee of the Bank’s Board of Supervisors comprised 4
supervisors, with Mr. Jia Xiangsen as chairman, and Mr. Zheng Wei, Mr. Li Gang and Ms. Zeng Yufang as members.
Primary responsibilities of the committee include the following: to supervise the Board of Directors in the establishment
of prudent business concepts and value propositions and the formulation of development strategies consistent with the
Bank’s real situations, and to carry out supervisory inspections of the Bank’s business decisions, financial activities, risk
management and internal control.




                                                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report           169
      Chapter 10 Repor t of the Board of Super visors




      During the reporting period, the Supervision Committee under the Board of Supervisors convened 5 meetings which
      deliberated and adopted 12 proposals including those respectively regarding the Bank’s periodic reports, profit distribution
      plan, internal control assessment report and sustainable development report, etc. The attendance records of the Supervision
      Committee members at the committee meetings during the reporting period are set out in the table below:

                                                                                                       In-person attendance/                 Attendance by proxy/
       Members                                                                                           number of meetings                   number of meetings
       Jia Xiangsen                                                                                                               5/5                                     0/5
       Zheng Wei                                                                                                                  5/5                                     0/5
       Li Gang                                                                                                                    5/5                                     0/5
       Zeng Yufang                                                                                                                4/5                                     1/5


      10.2.2 Nomination Committee
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Nomination Committee of the Bank’s Board of Supervisors comprised 3
      supervisors, with Mr. Wei Guobin as chairman, and Mr. Zheng Wei and Mr. Chen Panwu as members. Principal
      responsibilities of the committee include the following: to draft procedures and standards on selecting and appointing
      candidate supervisors to be elected by the general meeting, and to carry out preliminary review of the qualifications
      for office of such candidate supervisors and put forward corresponding recommendations. The employee representative
      supervisors of the Bank are democratically elected or dismissed by employees of the Bank.

      During the reporting period, the Nomination Committee of the Board of Supervisors convened 4 meetings which
      deliberated and adopted 9 proposals including the assessment report on duty performance of Board of Directors, Board
      of Supervisors and the senior management and their members by Board of Supervisors, the Measures for Interview on Duty
      Performance of Directors and Senior Management Members by the Board of Supervisors of China CITIC Bank Corporation
      Limited (Trial) and the Detailed Rules for Assessment of Senior Management Members by the Board of Supervisors of China
      CITIC Bank Corporation Limited (Trial). The attendance records of the Nomination Committee members at the committee
      meetings during the reporting period are set out in the table below:

                                                                                                       In-person attendance/                 Attendance by proxy/
       Members                                                                                           number of meetings                   number of meetings
       Wei Guobin                                                                                                                 3/3                                     0/3
       Zheng Wei                                                                                                                  2/3                                     1/3
       Chen Panwu                                                                                                                 4/4                                     0/4

      Notes:   1.	During the reporting period, before his departure as supervisor, Mr. Deng Changqing attended in person all 3 meetings taken place during his tenure.
               2.	During the reporting period, before her departure as supervisor, Ms. Wang Xiuhong attended in person the 1 meeting taken place during her tenure.
               3.	From 22 May 2020 when supervisor Mr. Wei Guobin and supervisor Mr. Zheng Wei served as members of the Nomination Committee of the 5th session of
                  the Board of Supervisors of the Bank to the end of the reporting period, the Bank held a total of 3 meetings of the Nomination Committee of the Board of
                  Supervisors.




170   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                        Chapter 10 Repor t of the Board of Super visors




   10.3 Independent Opinions of the Board of Supervisors on Relevant
         Matters

10.3.1 Compliance of Business Operation
The Bank conducted its business according to relevant laws, and its decision-making process complies with relevant
requirements of laws, regulations and the Bank’s Articles of Association. Neither breach of laws, regulations or the Bank’s
Articles of Association nor behavior that would impair the interests of the Bank and shareholders were identified on part of
the directors or senior management members in their duty performing.

10.3.2 Truthfulness of the Financial Report
The compilation and review process of the financial report is compliant with laws, administrative regulations and regulatory
provisions and no misrepresentation, distortion or material defect was identified in the report.

10.3.3 Acquisition or Disposal of Assets
During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors was not aware of any acquisition or disposal of assets by the Bank
that might impair shareholder rights and interests, or result in loss of the Bank’s assets or constitute insider trading.

10.3.4 Related Party Transactions
During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors was not aware of any related party transactions that might impair
the interests of the Bank and its shareholders.

10.3.5 Implementation of Resolutions Adopted at the General Meetings
The Board of Supervisors had no objections to the reports and proposals that the Board of Directors submitted to the
general meetings for deliberation in 2020. The Board of Supervisors supervised the implementation of the resolutions
adopted at the general meetings and held that the Board of Directors diligently implemented the relevant resolutions of the
general meetings.

10.3.6 Internal Control
The Board of Supervisors deliberated and approved the 2020 Internal Control Assessment Report of China CITIC Bank
Corporation Limited.

10.3.7 Sustainable Development Report
The Board of Supervisors deliberated and approved the 2020 Sustainable Development Report of China CITIC Bank
Corporation Limited.




                                                                                                        2020 Annual Report     171
      Chapter 10 Repor t of the Board of Super visors




      10.3.8 Profit Distribution Plan
      The Board of Supervisors deliberated and approved the 2020 Profit Distribution Plan of China CITIC Bank Corporation
      Limited, and was of the opinion that the profit distribution plan, in compliance with laws, regulations and relevant
      requirements in the Bank’s Articles of Association and strictly following related decision-making process, was reasonable, in
      line with the 2018-2020 Shareholder Return Plan as well as the interests of all shareholders and conducive to the long-term
      development of the Bank.

      10.3.9 Dividend Distribution Plan for Preference Shares
      The Board of Supervisors reviewed and approved the 2020 Dividend Distribution Plan for Preference Shares of China CITIC
      Bank Corporation Limited, and deemed that the dividend distribution plan for preference shares of the Bank complied with
      applicable laws and regulations, the Bank’s Articles of Association and the terms of issuance for the preference shares.

      10.3.10 Implementation of the Regulations on Management of Information
              Disclosure
      The Bank performed its information disclosure obligations in strict accordance with relevant regulatory requirements,
      earnestly implemented various regulations on the management of information disclosure matters, and disclosed information
      in a timely and fair manner. The information disclosed during the reporting period was truthful, accurate and complete.

      Except for the above disclosed matters, the Board of Supervisors had no objections to other supervisory issues during the
      reporting period.




172   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                   Chapter 11 Independent Auditor’s Report and Financial Report




To The Shareholders Of China Citic Bank Corporation Limited
(incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)
(This auditor’s report is published in English and Chinese. In the event of any inconsistency between the two versions, the Chinese
version shall prevail.)

Opinion
What we have audited
The consolidated financial statements of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited (the “Bank”) and its subsidiaries (the
“Group”) set out on pages 1 to 209, which comprise:

•      the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2020;

•      the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year then ended;

•      the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

•      the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and

•      the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include a summary of significant accounting policies.

Our opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at 31 December 2020, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) and have been properly prepared in
compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Independence
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the
Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:

•      Measurement of expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial investments

•      Consolidation of structured entities – Non-principal guaranteed wealth management products

•      De-recognition of financial assets




                                                                                                              2020 Annual Report      173
      Chapter 11 Independent Auditor’s Report and Financial Report




       Key Audit Matter                                              How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

       Measurement of expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial investments

       Refer to Note 4 (c), Note 5 (i), Note 22 and Note 23 to       We obtained an understanding of the management’s
       the consolidated financial statements.                        internal control and assessment process of ECL for loans
                                                                     and advances to customers, and financial investments,
       As at 31 December 2020, gross loans and advances              and assessed the inherent risk of material misstatement
       to customers and accrued interest included for the            by considering the degree of estimation uncertainty and
       purpose of expected credit loss assessment, as presented      level of other inherent risk factors.
       in the Group’s consolidated balance sheet, amounted
       to RMB4,478,775 million, for which the management             We evaluated and tested the design and operating
       recognized an impairment allowance of RMB126,251              effectiveness of the internal controls relating to ECL
       million; total financial investments and accrued interest     for loans and advances to customers, and financial
       included for the purpose of expected credit loss assessment   investments, primarily including:
       amounted to RMB1,697,310 million, for which the
       management recognized an impairment allowance of              (1)    Governance over ECL models, including the
       RMB16,421 million.                                                   selection, approval and application of modelling
                                                                            methodology; and the internal controls relating to
       The balances of loss allowances for the loans and advances           the on-going monitoring and optimization of the
       to customers and financial investments represent the                 models;
       management’s best estimates at the balance sheet date
       of expected credit losses (“ECL”) under International         (2)   Internal controls relating to significant management
       Financial Reporting Standard 9: Financial Instruments               judgments and assumptions, including the assess
       expected credit losses models.                                      and approval of portfolio segmentation, model
                                                                           selections, parameters estimation, identification of
                                                                           significant increase in credit risk, defaults or credit-
                                                                           impaired loans, forward-looking measurement,
                                                                           and management overlay adjustments;

                                                                     (3)    Internal controls over the accuracy and
                                                                            completeness of key inputs used by the models;

                                                                     (4)    Internal controls relating to estimated future cash
                                                                            flows and calculations of present values of such
                                                                            cash flows for corporate loans and advances and
                                                                            financial investments in stage 3;

                                                                     (5)    Internal controls over the information systems for
                                                                            ECL measurement;

                                                                     (6)    Evaluation and approval of the measurement result
                                                                            of ECL for loans and advances to customers, and
                                                                            financial investments.




174   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
Chapter 11 Independent Auditor’s Report and Financial Report




Key Audit Matter                                                How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Measurement of expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial investments (continued)

The management assesses whether the credit risk of loans        The substantive procedures we preformed primarily
and advances to customers and financial investments have        included:
increased significantly since their initial recognition, and
applies a three-stage impairment model to calculate their       According to the risk characteristics of assets, we evaluated
ECL. For stages 1 and 2 financial assets, the management        the segmentation of business operations. We assessed
assesses impairment allowance using risk parameter model        the appropriateness of the modelling methodologies
that incorporates key parameters, including probability of      adopted for ECL measurement by comparing with the
default, loss given default, exposure at default and discount   industry practice. We also examined the coding for model
rates. For stages 3 financial assets, the management            measurement on a sample basis, to tested whether or
assesses impairment allowance using both risk parameter         not the models reflect the modelling methodologies
model and discounted cash flows model.                          documented by the management.

The models of ECL involves significant management               We have examined the accuracy of data inputs for the ECL
judgments and assumptions, primarily including:                 models, covering examination of supporting information
                                                                on a sample basis, including contractual information,
(1)    Segmentation of business operations sharing              such as maturity dates, and other financial and non-
       similar credit risk characteristics, selection of        financial information, such as the borrower’s historical
       appropriate models and determination of relevant         and reporting date information, which have been agreed
       key measurement parameters;                              with the underlying data used to generate probability of
                                                                default and internal credit ratings; (ii) assessment of the
(2)    Criteria for determining whether or not there was        reasonableness of the loss given default using historical
       a significant increase in credit risk, or a default or   data and benchmarking against industry practices; and
       credit-impaired;                                         (iii) examination of borrowing contracts and assessment of
                                                                the reasonableness of exposure at default and discounting
(3)    Economic indicators for forward-looking                  rates.
       measurement, and the application of economic
       scenarios and weightings;                                We selected samples, in consideration of the financial
                                                                information and non-financial information of the
                                                                borrowers, relevant external evidence and other factors,
                                                                to assess the appropriateness of the management’s
                                                                identification of significant increase in credit risk, defaults
                                                                and credit-impaired loans.




                                                                                                           2020 Annual Report     175
      Chapter 11 Independent Auditor’s Report and Financial Report




       Key Audit Matter                                              How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

       Measurement of expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial investments (continued)

       (4)    Management overlay adjustments due to significant      For forward-looking measurements, we assessed
              uncertain factors not covered in the models;           management’s selection of economic indicators and their
                                                                     analysis of co-relation with the performance of the credit
       (5)    The estimated future cash flows for corporate loans    risk portfolios by using statistical techniques. We further
              and advances and financial investments in stage 3.     tested the reasonableness of the prediction of economic
                                                                     indicators by comparing with available external expert
       The Group established governance processes and controls       estimates. In addition, we performed sensitivity analysis
       for the measurement of ECL.                                   of economic scenarios and weightings.

       The amount of impairment of the loans and advances to         In addition, based on considering the significant uncertain
       customers and financial investments is significant, and the   factors, we evaluated the rationality of management
       measurement has a high degree of estimation uncertainty.      overlay adjustments, and examined the accuracy of the
       For measuring ECL, the management adopted complex             relevant mathematical calculations.
       models, employed numerous parameters and data inputs,
       and applied significant management judgments and              For corporate loans and advances and financial investments
       assumptions, and involved significant inherent risk. In       in stage 3, we examined, on a sample basis, forecasted
       view of these reasons, we identified this as a key audit      future cash flows prepared by the Group based on financial
       matter.                                                       information of borrowers and guarantors, latest collateral
                                                                     valuations and other available information together with
                                                                     discount rates in supporting the computation of loss
                                                                     allowance.

                                                                     Based on our procedures performed, the models, key
                                                                     parameters and data, significant judgements and
                                                                     assumptions adopted in the ECL measurement together
                                                                     with the measurement results were considered acceptable.




176   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
Chapter 11 Independent Auditor’s Report and Financial Report




Key Audit Matter                                            How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Consolidation of Structured Entities – Non-principal Guaranteed Wealth Management Products

Refer to Note 4 (a), Note 5 (v), Note 23 (a) and Note       We evaluated and tested the design and operating
59 to the consolidated financial statements.                effectiveness of management’s relevant controls over the
                                                            consolidation of structured entities for non-principal
As at 31 December 2020, non-principal guaranteed            guaranteed WMPs. These controls primarily included the
wealth management products issued and managed by            review and approval of the contractual terms, the results
the group involved structured entities, and amounts for     in variable return calculations, and the consolidation
structured entities included in the consolidation scope     assessment conclusions for these structured entities.
and those not included were disclosed in Note 23 (a)
and Note 59 respectively.                                   We selected samples of structured entities for non-
                                                            principal guaranteed WMPs and performed the following
Management’s decision on whether or not to consolidate      tests:
structured entities was based on an assessment of the
Group’s power, its variable returns and the ability to      •      assessed the Group’s contractual rights and
exercise its power to influence the variable returns from          obligations in light of the transaction structures,
these structured entities.                                         and evaluated the Group’s power over the
                                                                   structured entities;
We focused on the consolidation assessment and judgment
made by management involving the structured entities        •      performed independent analysis and tests on
for non-principal guaranteed WMPs during our audit,                the variable returns from the structured entities,
as whether or not to consolidate these entities involved           including but not limited to commission income
significant judgment.                                              and asset management fees earned, retention of
                                                                   residual income, and, if any, liquidity and other
                                                                   support provided to the structured entities;

                                                            •      assessed whether the Group acted as a principal
                                                                   or an agent through analysis of the scope of
                                                                   the Group’s decision-making authority, its
                                                                   remuneration entitlement, other interests the
                                                                   Group held, and the rights held by other parties.

                                                            •      evaluated and examined on the appropriateness
                                                                   of disclosures relating to structured entities in the
                                                                   consolidated financial statements.

                                                            Based on the procedures performed above, we found
                                                            management’s judgement relating to the consolidation
                                                            and disclosure of structured entities for non-principal
                                                            guaranteed WMPs acceptable in all material respects.




                                                                                                     2020 Annual Report    177
      Chapter 11 Independent Auditor’s Report and Financial Report




       Key Audit Matter                                                   How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

       De-recognition of Financial Assets

       Refer to Note 4 (c), Note 5 (iv) and Note 60 to the                We evaluated and tested the design and operating
       consolidated financial statements.                                 effectiveness of the relevant controls over transfers of
                                                                          financial assets, including the review and approval of the
       During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group                  structure designs and contractual terms of the transactions,
       entered into transactions which involved transfers of              the approval of models for testing the transfer of risks
       financial assets including securitisation transactions,            and rewards of ownership and the key parameters and
       structured transfers on assets usufruct, and transfers of          assumptions used in the models, as well as the review and
       non-performing loans.                                              approval of management’s assessment results.

       Management analysed the Group’s contractual rights                 We selected samples and read through transaction
       and obligations in connection with such transfers, and             agreements to assess the contractual rights and obligations
       assessed the extent to which the associated risks and              of the Group, and whether the Group transferred the
       rewards of ownership were transferred by using models              rights to receive contractual cash flows from the financial
       to determine whether the de-recognition criteria were              assets or the transfer qualified for the “pass through” of
       met. Where necessary, the Group assessed whether it                those cash flows, to independent third parties.
       had relinquished its control over the transferred financial
       assets to determine whether the de-recognition criteria            We took samples to analyze and evaluate the rationality
       were met.                                                          of the models, parameters, assumptions and discount rates
                                                                          used in the management risk and reward transfer test and
       The de-recognition assessment relating to the transfer             check the accuracy of the calculation of management risk
       of financial assets involved significant judgment from             and reward transfer.
       management, and as such, we focused our audit on the
       de-recognition of these financial assets.                          Based on the procedures performed above, we found
                                                                          management’s assessment over de-recognition of
                                                                          transferred financial assets acceptable.


      Other Information
      The directors of the Bank are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the information
      included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
      of assurance conclusion thereon.

      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
      in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or
      our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

      If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
      required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




178   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
Chapter 11 Independent Auditor’s Report and Financial Report




Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated
Financial Statements
The directors of the Bank are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such
internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report
our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to
any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that
an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
       or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
       and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
       fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
       misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
       in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal
       control.

•      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
       disclosures made by the directors.

•      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
       evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
       on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
       to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
       disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to
       the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
       going concern.




                                                                                                             2020 Annual Report     179
      Chapter 11 Independent Auditor’s Report and Financial Report




      •      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
             and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
             achieves fair presentation.

      •      Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
             within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction,
             supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

      We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
      audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

      We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
      regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought
      to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

      From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance
      in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
      these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely
      rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences
      of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Leung Wai Kin.




      PricewaterhouseCoopers
      Certified Public Accountants

      Hong Kong, 25 March 2021




180   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                   Chapter 11 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                                             Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                        (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                        Notes                        2020                 2019
Interest income                                                                  298,006               288,152
Interest expense                                                                (147,491)             (141,227)
Net interest income                                        6                     150,515               146,925
Fee and commission income                                                          33,757               32,630
Fee and commission expense                                                         (4,921)              (5,900)
Net fee and commission income                              7                       28,836               26,730
Net trading gain                                           8                        3,354                 5,229
Net gain from investment securities                        9                       11,935                 8,629
Net hedging loss                                          10                           (1)                   (2)
Other operating income                                                                760                   370
Operating income                                                                 195,399               187,881
Operating expenses                                        11                     (54,255)              (54,168)
Operating profit before impairment                                               141,144               133,713
Credit impairment losses                                  12                     (82,477)              (76,679)
Impairment losses on other assets                         13                        (512)                 (576)
Revaluation losses on investment properties                                          (69)                  (15)
Share of (loss)/gain of associates and joint ventures                               (229)                  102
Profit before tax                                                                  57,857               56,545
Income tax expense                                        14                       (8,325)              (7,551)
Profit for the Year                                                                49,532               48,994
Net profit attributable to:
Equity holders of the Bank                                                         48,980               48,015
Non-controlling interests                                                             552                  979




                                                                                              2020 Annual Report    181
      Chapter 11 C onsolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                  Other Comprehensive Income (Continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                       Notes                      2020                 2019
       Profit for the year                                                                       49,532               48,994
       Other comprehensive income, net of tax:                           15
       Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
          (net of tax):
          — Fair value changes on financial investments
                designated at fair value through other
                comprehensive income                                                               (119)                (789)
          — Others                                                                                   51                   —
       Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or
          loss (net of tax):
          — Other comprehensive income transferable to profit
                or loss under equity method                                                           8                   —
          — Fair value changes on financial assets at fair value
                through other comprehensive income                                               (5,204)               1,714
          — Impairment allowance on financial assets at fair
                value through other comprehensive income                                            841                 685
          — Exchange difference on translating foreign
                operations                                                                       (2,741)                592
       Other comprehensive income, net of tax                            15                      (7,164)               2,202
       Total comprehensive income for the year Total                                             42,368               51,196
       Total comprehensive income attribute to:
       Equity holders of the Bank                                                                41,728               50,107
       Non-controlling interests                                                                    640                1,089
       Earnings per share attributable to the ordinary
         shareholders of the Bank
       Basic earnings per share (RMB)                                    16                        0.94                 0.95
       Diluted earnings per share (RMB)                                  16                        0.86                 0.89

      The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




182   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                    Chapter 11 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                             As at 31 December 2020
                                                             (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                 31 December           31 December
                                                             Notes                      2020                  2019
Assets
Cash and balances with central banks                           17                     435,169               463,158
Deposits with banks and non-bank financial institutions        18                     133,392               121,297
Precious metals                                                                         6,274                 6,865
Placements with and loans to banks and non-bank
  financial institutions                                       19                     168,380               204,547
Derivative financial assets                                    20                      40,064                17,117
Financial assets held under resale agreements                  21                     111,110                 9,954
Loans and advances to customers                                22                   4,360,196             3,892,602
Financial investments                                          23                   2,092,732             1,873,596
  — at fair value through profit or loss                                              405,632               317,546
  — at amortised cost                                                                 959,416               924,234
  — at fair value through other comprehensive income                                  724,124               628,780
  — designated at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                                             3,560                3,036
Investments in associates and joint ventures                   24                        5,674                3,672
Investment properties                                          26                          386                  426
Property, plant and equipment                                  27                       33,868               22,372
Right-of-use assets                                            28                       11,556               12,390
Intangible assets                                                                        2,544                1,874
Goodwill                                                       29                          860                  912
Deferred tax assets                                            30                       41,913               32,095
Other assets                                                   31                       67,043               87,556
Total assets                                                                        7,511,161             6,750,433
Liabilities
Borrowings from central banks                                                         224,391               240,298
Deposits from banks and non-bank financial institutions        33                   1,163,641               951,122
Placements from banks and non-bank financial
  institutions                                                 34                      57,756                92,539
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                              8,654                   847
Derivative financial liabilities                               20                      39,809                16,836
Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements              35                      75,271               111,838
Deposits from customers                                        36                   4,572,286             4,073,258
Accrued staff costs                                            37                      20,333                20,924
Taxes payable                                                  38                       8,411                 8,865
Debt securities issued                                         39                     732,958               650,274
Lease liabilities                                                                      10,504                10,896
Provisions                                                     40                       7,208                 6,116
Deferred tax liabilities                                       30                          11                    10
Other liabilities                                              41                      29,890                34,086
Total liabilities                                                                   6,951,123             6,217,909




                                                                                                   2020 Annual Report    183
      Chapter 11 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Continued)
      As at 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                             31 December       31 December
                                                                         Notes                      2020              2019
       Equity
       Share capital                                                         42                    48,935           48,935
       Other equity instruments                                              43                    78,083           78,083
       Capital reserve                                                       44                    59,216           58,977
       Other comprehensive income                                            45                       109            7,361
       Surplus reserve                                                       46                    43,786           39,009
       General reserve                                                       47                    90,819           81,535
       Retained earnings                                                     48                   223,625          203,411
       Total equity attributable to equity holders of the
         Bank                                                                                     544,573          517,311
       Non-controlling interests                                             49                    15,465           15,213
       Total equity                                                                               560,038          532,524
       Total liabilities and equity                                                              7,511,161       6,750,433

      The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

      Approved and recognized for issue by the board of directors on 25th March 2021.




      Fang Heying             Guo Danghuai                                        Xue Fengqing          Company stamp
      Executive Director      Executive Director                                  General Manager of
      President and Chief     Vice President in charge of finance function        Finance Department
      Financial Officer




184   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                     Chapter 11 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                                                    (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



                                                                                    Equity attributable to equity holders of the Bank                            Non-controlling interests
                                                                                                       Other                                                      Ordinary       Other equity
                                                                    Other Equity                comprehensive                  Surplus    General    Retained       equity        instruments
                                             Notes    Share capital instruments Capital reserve       income                    reserve    reserve   earnings      holders             holders     Total equity
 As at 1 January 2020                                      48,935          78,083          58,977              7,361            39,009    81,535     203,411          8,546             6,667          532,524
 (i) Net profit                                                —               —               —                  —                 —         —       48,980            170               382           49,532
 (ii) Other comprehensive income               15              —               —               —              (7,252)               —         —           —              88                —            (7,164)
 Total comprehensive income                                     —              —                —             (7,252)                —         —      48,980            258                  382        42,368
 (iii) Investor capital
       — Additional investments in
             joint ventures                                     —              —              239                 —                  —         —          —              —                    —            239
 (iv) Profit appropriations
       — Appropriations to
             surplus reserve                   46               —              —                —                 —              4,777         —       (4,777)           —                    —             —
       — Appropriations to
             general reserve                   47               —              —                —                 —                  —      9,284      (9,284)           —                    —             —
       — Dividend distribution to
             ordinary shareholders
             of the Bank                       48               —              —                —                 —                  —         —     (11,695)            —                    —        (11,695)
       — Dividend distribution to
             non-controlling interests                          —              —                —                 —                  —         —          —              (6)                  —             (6)
       — Dividend distribution to
             preference shareholders           48               —              —                —                 —                  —         —       (1,330)           —                    —         (1,330)
       — Interest paid to holders of
             perpetual bonds                  43/49             —              —                —                 —                  —         —       (1,680)           —               (382)          (2,062)
 As at 31 December 2020                                    48,935          78,083          59,216                109            43,786    90,819     223,625          8,798             6,667          560,038

                                                                                     Equity attributable to equity holders of the Bank                           Non-controlling interests
                                                                                                          Other                                                    Ordinary      Other equity
                                                                      Other Equity                 comprehensive                                     Retained        equity       instruments
                                             Notes    Share capital    instruments Capital reserve       income Surplus reserve General reserve      earnings       holders            holders     Total equity
 As at 1 January 2019                                      48,935          34,955          58,977              5,269            34,450     74,255    179,820          7,933             8,492          453,086
 (i) Net profit                                                —               —               —                  —                 —          —      48,015            509               470           48,994
 (ii) Other comprehensive income               15              —               —               —               2,092                —          —          —             110                —             2,202
 Total comprehensive income                                     —              —                —              2,092                 —         —      48,015            619                  470        51,196
 (iii) Issuing of other equity instruments
       — Convertible corporate bonds                            —           3,135               —                 —                  —         —          —              —                    —          3,135
       — Perpetual bonds                                        —          39,993               —                 —                  —         —          —              —                    —         39,993
       — Redemption of other equity
             instruments                                        —              —                —                 —                  —         —          —              —             (1,825)          (1,825)
 (iv) Profit appropriations
       — Appropriations to
             surplus reserve                   46               —              —                —                 —               4,559        —       (4,559)           —                    —             —
       — Appropriations to
             general reserve                   47               —              —                —                 —                  —      7,280      (7,280)           —                    —             —
       — Dividend distribution to
             ordinary shareholders
             of the Bank                       48               —              —                —                 —                  —         —      (11,255)           —                    —        (11,255)
       — Dividend distribution to
             non-controlling interests                          —              —                —                 —                  —         —          —               (6)                 —              (6)
       — Dividend distribution to
             preference shareholders           48               —              —                —                 —                  —         —       (1,330)           —                    —         (1,330)
       — Interest paid to holders of
             perpetual bonds                   49               —              —                —                 —                  —         —          —              —               (470)            (470)
 As at 31 December 2019                                    48,935          78,083          58,977              7,361            39,009     81,535    203,411          8,546             6,667          532,524

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



                                                                                                                                                                                2020 Annual Report                 185
      Chapter 11 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                2020                   2019
       Operating activities
       Profit before tax                                                                       57,857                56,545
       Adjustments for:
         — revaluation (gain)/loss on investments, derivatives and investment
               properties                                                                        (250)                   373
         — investment gain                                                                    (10,558)                (7,829)
         — net gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment, intangible
               assets and other assets                                                           (142)                   (3)
         — unrealised foreign exchange loss/(gain)                                                858                  (323)
         — credit impairment losses                                                            82,477                76,679
         — impairment losses on other assets                                                      512                   576
         — depreciation and amortisation                                                        2,992                 2,791
         — interest expense on debt securities issued                                          21,606                22,186
         — dividend income from equity investment                                                 (20)                  (65)
         — depreciation of right-of-use assets and interest expense on lease
               liabilities                                                                      3,845                  3,823
         — income tax paid                                                                    (17,468)               (13,503)
       Subtotal                                                                               141,709               141,250
       Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
       (Increase)/decrease in balances with central banks                                     (12,824)               44,865
       Decrease/(increase) in deposits with banks and non-bank financial
         institutions                                                                          35,874                (70,522)
       Increase in placements with and loans to banks and non-bank financial
         institutions                                                                          (4,923)               (18,513)
       (Increase)/decrease in investments in financial assets held for trading
         purposes                                                                              (5,243)                29,279
       (Increase)/decrease in financial assets held under resale agreements                  (101,166)                   788
       Increase in loans and advances to customers                                           (551,929)              (440,025)
       Increase in deposits from banks and non-bank financial institutions                    211,850                170,271
       Decrease in borrowings from central banks                                              (13,808)               (44,840)
       Decrease in placements from banks and non-bank financial institutions                  (33,604)               (23,227)
       Increase/(decrease) in financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss        7,596                   (243)
       Decrease in financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                          (36,544)                (8,467)
       Increase in deposits from customers                                                    504,563                417,812
       Decrease/(increase) in other operating assets                                            4,576                (71,776)
       Increase/(decrease) in other operating liabilities                                      10,736                 (9,683)
       Subtotal                                                                                15,154                (24,281)
       Net cash flows from operating activities                                               156,863               116,969




186   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
             Chapter 11 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                 Notes                          2020                2019
 Investing activities
 Proceeds from disposal and redemption of investments                                      2,570,954           1,940,528
 Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and
   equipment, land use rights, and other assets                                                   368                 399
 Cash received from equity investment income                                                      416                 373
 Payments on acquisition of investments                                                    (2,783,341)         (2,190,629)
 Payments on acquisition of property, plant and
   equipment, land use rights and other assets                                                 (4,619)             (4,056)
 Net cash paid for acquisition of associates and joint
   ventures                                                        24                          (2,027)                —
 Net cash received from disposal of associates                                                     —                 321
 Net cash flows used in investing activities                                                (218,249)           (253,064)
 Financing activities
 Cash received from debt securities issued                         39                        807,022             586,270
 Cash received from other equity instruments issued                43                             —               39,993
 Cash paid for redemption of debt securities issued                                         (720,194)           (486,792)
 Interest paid on debt securities issued                                                     (22,319)            (22,829)
 Dividends paid                                                                              (15,094)            (13,052)
 Principle and interest paid for leasing liabilities                                          (3,443)             (3,011)
 Net cash flows from financing activities                                                     45,972             100,579
 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                   (15,414)            (35,516)
 Cash and cash equivalents as at 1 January                                                   342,449             376,009
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash
   equivalents                                                                                 (7,469)              1,956
 Cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December                       50                        319,566             342,449
 Cash flows from operating activities include:
 Interest received                                                                           306,814             291,967
 Interest paid                                                                              (117,290)           (119,236)

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report   187
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      1      Corporate information
             China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited (the “Bank” or “CNCB”) is a joint stock company incorporated in the
             People’s Republic of China (the “PRC” or “Mainland China”) on 31 December 2006. Headquartered in Beijing, the
             Bank’s registered office is located at 6-30F and 32-42F No.10 Guanghua Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China.
             The Bank listed its A shares and H shares on Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Main Board of The Stock Exchange
             of Hong Kong Limited, respectively on 27 April 2007.

             The Bank operates under financial services certificate No. B0006H111000001 issued by the China Banking Insurance
             Regulatory Commission (the “CBIRC”, originally named China Banking Regulatory Commission), and unified social
             credit code No. 91110000101690725E issued by the State Administration of Industry and Commerce of the PRC.

             The principal activities of the Bank and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) are the provision of corporate and
             personal banking services, conducting treasury business, the provision of asset management, finance leasing and other
             non-banking financial services.

             As at 31 December 2020, the Group mainly operates in Mainland China with branches covering 31 provinces,
             autonomous regions and municipalities. In addition, the Bank’s subsidiaries have operations in Mainland China, the
             Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of PRC (“Hong Kong”) and other overseas countries and regions.

             For the purpose of these consolidated financial statements, Mainland China refers to the PRC excluding Hong Kong,
             the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC (“Macau”) and Taiwan. Overseas refers to countries and regions
             other than Mainland China.

             The consolidated financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors of the Bank on 25 March 2021.

      2      Basis of preparation
             These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. The consolidated financial
             statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 comprise the Bank and its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.

             (a)    Accounting year
                    The accounting year of the Group is from 1 January to 31 December.

             (b)    Functional currency and presentation currency
                    The functional currency of the Bank is Renminbi (“RMB”). The functional currencies of overseas subsidiaries
                    are determined in accordance with the primary economic environment in which they operate, and are translated
                    into Renminbi for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements according to Note 4 (b)(ii). The
                    consolidated financial statements of the Group are presented in Renminbi and, unless otherwise stated, expressed
                    in millions of Renminbi.

      3      Principle accounting policies
             These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable International Financial
             Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”), and the disclosure
             requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622). These consolidated financial statements also comply
             with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
             Hong Kong Limited.

             These consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by financial
             assets and financial liabilities (including derivative instruments) at fair value through profit or loss and at fair value
             through other comprehensive income, and investment properties, which are carried at fair value.




188   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
             Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



3   Principle accounting policies (Continued)
    The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates.
    It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies. The
    areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant
    to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in Note 5.

    (a)    Standards and amendments effective in 2020 relevant to and adopted by the Group
           In the current year, the Group has adopted the following International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”)
           and amendments issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”), that are mandatorily effective
           for the current year. Descriptions of these standards and amendments were disclosed in the Group’s annual
           consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020.

             (1)   Amendments to IFRS 3                                         (i) Definition of a business
             (2)   Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8                               (ii) Definition of material
             (3)   Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7                     (iii) Interest rate benchmark reform

           Adoption of the above standards and amendments has no significant impact on the operating results, comprehensive
           income or financial position of the Group.

           (i)     Amendments to IFRS 3- definition of a business
                   This amendment revises the definition of a business. According to feedback received by the IASB,
                   application of the current guidance is commonly thought to be too complex, and it results in too many
                   transactions qualifying as business combinations.

           (ii)    Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8- definition of material.
                   These amendments to IAS 1, ‘Presentation of financial statements’, and IAS 8, ‘Accounting policies,
                   changes in accounting estimates and errors’, and consequential amendments to other IFRSs: i) use a
                   consistent definition of materiality throughout IFRSs and the Conceptual Framework for Financial
                   Reporting; ii) clarify the explanation of the definition of material; and iii) incorporate some of the
                   guidance in IAS 1 about immaterial information.

           (iii)   Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7- Interest rate benchmark reform
                   These amendments provide certain reliefs in connection with interest rate benchmark reform. The
                   reliefs relate to hedge accounting requirements, and the effect that IBOR reform would not result in
                   discontinuation of hedge accounting if the hedge meets other hedge accounting criteria. However, any
                   hedge ineffectiveness should continue to be recorded in the income statement.




                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report      189
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      3      Principle accounting policies (Continued)
             (b)   Standards and amendments relevant to the Group that are not yet effective in the current
                   year and have not been adopted before their effective dates by the Group
                   The Group has not adopted the following new and revised IFRSs and IFRS interpretations that have been issued
                   by the International Accounting Standards Board and the International Financial Reporting Interpretations
                   Committee but are not yet effective.

                                                                                                           Effective for annual periods
                                                                                                           beginning on or after
                     (1)   Phase 2 amendments to IFRS 9,            (i)    Interest rate benchmark         1 January 2021
                             IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and                      (IBOR) reform
                             IFRS 16
                     (2)   Amendments to IAS 1                      (ii) Classification of Liabilities     1 January 2022
                                                                           as Current or Non-
                                                                           current
                     (3)   Amendments to IFRS 3                    (iii) Reference to the                  1 January 2022
                                                                           Conceptual Framework
                     (4)   Amendments to IAS 37                    (iv) Cost of Fulfilling a               1 January 2022
                                                                           Contract
                     (5)   Amendments to IAS 16                     (v) Proceeds before Intended           1 January 2022
                                                                           Use
                     (6)   Amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 9,           (vi) IASB Annual                        1 January 2022
                            IFRS 16 and IAS 41                             Improvements 2018 –
                                                                           2020 cycle
                     (7)   Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS           (vii) Sale or Contribution              The amendments were
                            28                                             of Assets between An              originally intended to
                                                                           Investor and Its Associate        be effective for annual
                                                                           or Joint Venture                  periods beginning on or
                                                                                                             after 1 January 2016.
                                                                                                             The effective date has
                                                                                                             now been deferred.

                   (i)     Phase 2 amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16: Interest rate benchmark (IBOR)
                           reform
                           The IASB has issued IBOR Phase 2 amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16.

                           The Phase 2 amendments provide temporary reliefs which address the financial reporting effects when an
                           interbank offered rate (IBOR) is replaced with an alternative nearly risk-free interest rate (RFR), including:
                           1. For instruments to which the amortised cost measurement applies, the amendments require entities, as
                           a practical expedient, to account for a change in the basis for determining the contractual cash flows as
                           a result of IBOR reform by updating the effective interest rate using the guidance in paragraph B5.4.5
                           of IFRS 9. As a result, no immediate gain or loss is recognised. 2. Require an entity to prospectively
                           cease to apply the Phase 1 reliefs to a noncontractually specified risk component at the earlier of when
                           changes are made to the noncontractually specified risk component, or when the hedging relationship is
                           discontinued. 3. Additional temporary exceptions from applying specific hedge accounting requirement.
                           4. Additional IFRS 7 disclosure requirements related to IBOR reform. The amendments are effective for
                           annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021, with early application permitted.

                           The Group anticipates that the adoption of the amendments will not have a significant impact on the
                           Group’s consolidated financial statements.




190   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



3   Principle accounting policies (Continued)
    (b)   Standards and amendments relevant to the Group that are not yet effective in the current
          year and have not been adopted before their effective dates by the Group (Continued)
          (ii)    Amendments to IAS 1: Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
                  On 23 January 2020, the IASB issued a narrow-scope amendment to IAS 1 to clarify that liabilities are
                  classified as either current or non-current, depending on the rights that exist at the end of the reporting
                  period. The amendment requires the following:

                  —      Liabilities are classified as non-current if the entity has a substantive right to defer settlement
                         for at least 12 months at the end of the reporting period. The amendment no longer refers to
                         unconditional rights, since loans are rarely unconditional (for example, because the loan might
                         contain covenants).

                  —      The assessment determines whether a right exists, but it does not consider whether the entity will
                         exercise the right. So, management’s expectations do not affect classification.

                  —      The right to defer only exists if the entity complies with any relevant conditions at the reporting
                         date. A liability is classified as current if a condition is breached at or before the reporting date
                         and a waiver is obtained after the reporting date. A loan is classified as non-current if a covenant
                         is breached after the reporting date.

                  —      ‘Settlement’ is defined as the extinguishment of a liability with cash, other economic resources or
                         an entity’s own equity instruments. There is an exception for convertible instruments that might
                         be converted into equity, but only for those instruments where the conversion option is classified
                         as an equity instrument as a separate component of a compound financial instrument.

                  The amendment changes the guidance for the classification of liabilities as current or non-current. It could
                  affect the classification of liabilities, particularly for entities that previously considered management’s
                  intentions to determine classification and for some liabilities that can be converted into equity. All entities
                  should reconsider their existing classification in the light of the amendment and determine whether
                  any changes are required. The Group anticipates that the adoption of the amendments will not have a
                  significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

          (iii)   Amendments to IFRS 3: Reference to the Conceptual Framework
                  The IASB issued amendments to IFRS 3: Reference to the Conceptual Framework. The amendments
                  have updated IFRS 3, ‘Business combinations’, to refer to the 2018 Conceptual Framework for Financial
                  Reporting, in order to determine what constitutes an asset or a liability in a business combination. In
                  addition, the Board added a new exception in IFRS 3 for liabilities and contingent liabilities. The Board
                  has also clarified that the acquirer should not recognise contingent assets, as defined in IAS 37, at the
                  acquisition date. The Group anticipates that the adoption of the amendments will not have a significant
                  impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

          (iv)    Amendments to IAS 37: Cost of Fulfilling a Contract
                  The IASB issued amendments to IAS 37: Cost of Fulfilling a Contract. The amendments clarify the
                  meaning of ‘costs to fulfil a contract’, they explain that the direct cost of fulfilling a contract comprises:
                  the incremental costs of fulfilling that contract and; an allocation of other costs that relate directly to
                  fulfilling contracts. The amendments also clarify that, before a separate provision for an onerous contract
                  is established, an entity recognises any impairment loss that has occurred on assets used in fulfilling the
                  contract, rather than on assets dedicated to that contract. The amendments could result in the recognition
                  of more onerous contract provisions, because previously some entities only included incremental costs in
                  the costs to fulfil a contract. The Group anticipates that the adoption of the amendments will not have
                  a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                            2020 Annual Report      191
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      3      Principle accounting policies (Continued)
             (b)   Standards and amendments relevant to the Group that are not yet effective in the current
                   year and have not been adopted before their effective dates by the Group (Continued)
                   (v)     Amendments to IAS 16: Proceeds before Intended Use
                           The IASB issued amendments to IAS 16: Proceeds before Intended Use. The amendments prohibit an
                           entity from deducting from the cost of an item of property, plant and equipment any proceeds received
                           from selling items produced while the entity is preparing the asset for its intended use. The amendment
                           also clarifies that an entity is ‘testing whether the asset is functioning properly’ when it assesses the
                           technical and physical performance of the asset. The financial performance of the asset is not relevant to
                           this assessment. An asset might therefore be capable of operating as intended by management and subject
                           to depreciation before it has achieved the level of operating performance expected by management. The
                           amendment requires entities to separately disclose the amounts of proceeds and costs relating to items
                           produced that are not an output of the entity’s ordinary activities. An entity should also disclose the line
                           item in the statement of comprehensive income where the proceeds are included. The Group anticipates
                           that the adoption of the amendments will not have a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated
                           financial statements.

                   (vi)    Annual improvements 2018-2020 cycle (IFRS 1, IFRS 9, IFRS 16 and IAS 41)
                           The IASB issued amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 9, IFRS 16 and IAS 41: Annual improvements 2018-2020
                           cycle, which include fees included in the 10% test for derecognition of financial liabilities, illustrative
                           examples accompanying IFRS 16, ‘Leases’, subsidiary as a first-time adopter and taxation in fair value
                           measurements. The Group anticipates that the adoption of the amendments will not have a significant
                           impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

                   (vii)   Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28: Sale or Contribution of Assets between An Investor and Its
                           Associate or Joint Venture
                           The IASB has made limited scope amendments to IFRS 10 Consolidated financial statements and IAS
                           28 Investments in associates and joint ventures.

                           The amendments clarify the accounting treatment for sales or contribution of assets between an investor
                           and its associates or joint ventures. They confirm that the accounting treatment depends on whether the
                           nonmonetary assets sold or contributed to an associate or joint venture constitute a ‘business’ (as defined
                           in IFRS 3 Business Combinations).

                           Where the non-monetary assets constitute a business, the investor will recognise the full gain or loss on
                           the sale or contribution of assets. If the assets do not meet the definition of a business, the gain or loss
                           is recognised by the investor only to the extent of the other investor’s interests in the associate or joint
                           venture. The amendments apply prospectively.

                           In December 2015 the IASB decided to defer the application date of this amendment until such time as
                           the IASB has finalised its research project on the equity method.

                           The adoption of the amendments does not have a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial
                           statements.




192   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                   (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies
    (a)   Consolidated financial statements
          (i)     Business combinations involving enterprises under common control
                  A business combination involving enterprises under common control is a business combination in which
                  all of the combining enterprises are ultimately controlled by the same party or parties both before and
                  after the business combination, and that control is not transitory. The assets and liabilities assumed are
                  measured based on their carrying amounts in the financial statements of the acquiree at the combination
                  date. The difference between the carrying amount of the net assets acquired and the consideration paid
                  for the combination (or the total face value of shares issued) is adjusted against share premium in the
                  capital reserve with any excess adjusted against retained earnings. The issuance costs of equity or debt
                  securities as a part of the consideration for the acquisition are included in the carrying amounts of these
                  equity or debt securities upon initial recognition. Other acquisition-related costs are expensed when
                  incurred. The combination date is the date on which one combining enterprise obtains control of other
                  combining enterprises.

          (ii)    Business combinations not involving entities under common control
                  A business combination involving entities not under common control is a business combination in which
                  all of the combining entities are not ultimately controlled by the same party or parties before the business
                  combination. Where (i) the aggregate of the acquisition date fair value of assets transferred (including
                  the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree), liabilities incurred or assumed, and equity
                  securities issued by the acquirer, in exchange for control of the acquiree, exceeds (ii) the acquirer’s interest
                  in the acquisition date fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets, the difference is recognized as
                  goodwill (Note 4 (j)). If (i) is less than (ii), the difference is recognized in the consolidated statement
                  of profit or loss for the current period. The issuance costs of equity or debt securities as a part of the
                  consideration for the acquisition are included in the carrying amounts of these equity or debt securities
                  upon initial recognition. Other acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. Any difference between
                  the fair value and the carrying amount of the assets transferred as consideration is recognized in the
                  consolidated statement of profit or loss. The acquiree’s identifiable asset, liabilities and contingent
                  liabilities, if the recognition criteria are met, are recognized by the Group at their acquisition date fair
                  value. The acquisition date is the date on which the acquirer obtains control of the acquiree.

                  For a business combination not involving enterprises under common control and achieved in stages, the
                  Group remeasures its previously-held equity interest in the acquiree to its fair value at the acquisition
                  date. The difference between the fair value and the carrying amount is recognized as investment income
                  for the current period; the amount recognized in other comprehensive income relating to the previously-
                  held equity interest in the acquire will be reclassified to profit or loss.

          (iii)   Consolidated financial statements
                  The scope of consolidated financial statements is based on control and the consolidated financial statements
                  comprise the Bank and its subsidiaries, as well as structured entities controlled by the Group. The Group
                  controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the
                  entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. When assessing whether
                  the Bank has power, only substantive rights (held by the Bank and other parties) are considered. The
                  financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date
                  that control commences until the date that control ceases.

                  Non-controlling interest is presented separately in the consolidated statement of financial position within
                  owners’ equity. Profit or loss and total comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling equity holders
                  are presented separately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

                  When the amount of loss for the current period attributable to the non-controlling interest of a subsidiary
                  exceeds the non-controlling interest’s portion of the opening balance of equity holders’ equity of the
                  subsidiary, the excess is allocated against the non-controlling interests.




                                                                                                             2020 Annual Report      193
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
             (a)   Consolidated financial statements (Continued)
                   (iii)   Consolidated financial statements (Continued)
                           When the accounting period or accounting policies of a subsidiary are different from those of the Bank,
                           the Bank makes necessary adjustments to the financial statements of the subsidiary based on the Bank’s
                           own accounting period or accounting policies. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows, and
                           any recognized profits arising from intra-group transactions, are eliminated in preparing the consolidated
                           financial statements. Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated only limited
                           to the extent that this is no evidence of impairment.

                           Where a subsidiary was acquired during the reporting period, through a business combination involving
                           enterprises under common control, the financial statements of the subsidiary are included in the consolidated
                           financial statements as if the combination had occurred at the date the ultimate controlling party first
                           obtained control. Therefore, the opening balances and the comparative figures of the consolidated
                           financial statements are restated.

                           Where a subsidiary was acquired during the reporting period, through a business combination not involving
                           enterprises under common control, the identifiable assets and liabilities of the acquired subsidiaries are
                           included in the scope of consolidation from the date that control commences, based on the fair value of
                           those identifiable assets and liabilities at the acquisition date.

                           The difference between the costs of long-term investments newly acquired by the Bank by acquiring
                           minority interests and the fair value of the Bank’s share of the net identifiable assets of its subsidiaries
                           calculated based on the increased shareholding, and the difference between the proceeds the Bank
                           obtained from partial disposal of its equity investments in its subsidiaries without ceasing control over
                           the subsidiaries and its share of the net assets of the subsidiaries that corresponds to the disposed long-
                           term equity investments, shall both be recognized as adjustments to reduce the capital reserve (share
                           premium) of the consolidated statement of financial position, and if the capital reserve (share premium)
                           is not sufficient to cover the reductions, the excess is charged to the retained earnings.

                           When the Group loses control of a subsidiary due to the disposal of a portion of an equity investment,
                           the Group recognized assets, liabilities, non-controlling interests and other related items in equity holders’
                           equity in relation to that subsidiary. The remaining equity investment is remeasured at its fair value at
                           the date when control is lost. Any gains or losses therefore incurred are recognized as investment income
                           for the current period when the control is lost.

                           If there is a difference between the accounting entity of a Group and the accounting entity of the bank
                           or a subsidiary on measuring the same transaction, the transaction will be adjusted from the perspective
                           of the Group.




194   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (b)   Foreign currency translations
          (i)    Translation of foreign currency transactions
                 When the Group receives capital in foreign currencies from investors, the capital is translated to Renminbi
                 at the spot exchange rate at the date of the receipt. Other foreign currency transactions are, on initial
                 recognition, translated into Renminbi by applying the spot exchange rates at the dates of the transaction.
                 Monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are translated to Renminbi at the spot exchange rate
                 at the reporting date. The resulting exchange differences are recognised in the consolidated statement
                 of profit or loss. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency
                 are translated to Renminbi using the exchange rate at the transaction date. Non-monetary items that
                 are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the foreign exchange rate at the date
                 the fair value is determined. The differences arising from the translation of financial assets at fair value
                 through other comprehensive income is recognised in other comprehensive income. Changes in the fair
                 value of monetary assets denominated in foreign currency classified as financial assets at fair value through
                 other comprehensive income are analysed between translation differences resulting from changes in the
                 amortised cost of the monetary assets and other changes in the carrying amount. Translation differences
                 related to changes in the amortised cost are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss,
                 and other changes in the carrying amount are recognised in other comprehensive income. The translation
                 differences resulting from other monetary assets and liabilities are recognised in the consolidated statement
                 of profit or loss.

          (ii)   Translation of financial statements denominated in foreign currency
                 Financial statements denominated in foreign currency are translated into Renminbi for the preparation
                 of consolidated financial statements. The assets and liabilities in the financial statements denominated
                 in foreign currency are translated into Renminbi at the spot exchange rates prevailing at the reporting
                 date. The equity items, except for “retained earnings”, are translated to Renminbi at the spot exchange
                 rates at the dates on which such items arose. Income and expenses are translated at exchange rates at the
                 date of the transactions, or a rate that approximates the exchange rates of the date of the transaction.
                 The resulting exchange differences are recognized in other comprehensive income.

                 Upon disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the translation differences recognized
                 in equity holders’ equity which relates to that foreign operation is transferred to profit or loss in the
                 period in which the disposal occurs.

                 The effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents held or due in a foreign currency are
                 reported in the statement of cash flows.

    (c)   Financial instruments
          Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized when the Group becomes a party to the contractual
          provisions of the instrument. Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognized on trade-date,
          the date on which the Group commits to purchase or sell asset.




                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report      195
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
             (c)   Financial instruments (Continued)
                   (i)    Initial recognition and classification of financial instruments
                          Financial assets
                          Financial assets are classified on the basis of the Group’s business model for managing the financial asset
                          and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial assets:

                          •      Fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”);

                          •      Fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”); or

                          •      Amortised cost

                          The business model adopted by the Group for managing its financial assets refers to how the Group
                          manages its financial assets in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether the
                          cash flows from the financial assets managed by the Group come from the collection of contractual cash
                          flows, sale of financial assets or a combination of the two methods. In determining the business model for
                          a group of financial assets, the Group considers various factors, including: past experience in collecting
                          cash flows from this group of assets; how to assess the performance of this group of asset and report
                          it to key management personnel; how to assess and manage risks are; and how to compensate people
                          responsible for managing these assets, among others.

                          The contractual cash flow characteristics of financial assets refer to contractual terms as agreed in the
                          financial instrument contracts that reflect the economic characteristics of the financial assets, i.e., the
                          contractual cash flows arising at a specified date from the financial assets at amortised cost or FVOCL are
                          solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. Of which, the principal
                          is the fair value of the financial asset at initial recognition, and the amount of the principal may change
                          over the life of the financial asset, if, e.g., there are repayments of principal; and the interest includes
                          consideration for the time value of money, and credit risk, other basic lending risks and costs associated
                          with holding the financial asset for a particular period of time.

                          Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether
                          their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.




196   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (c)   Financial instruments (Continued)
          (i)   Initial recognition and classification of financial instruments (Continued)
                Financial assets (Continued)
                The classification requirements for debt instruments and equity instruments are described below:

                Debt Instruments
                Debt instruments are those instruments that meet the definition of a financial liability from the issuer’s
                perspective. Classification and subsequent measurement of debt instruments depend on: i) the Group’s
                business model for managing the asset; and ii) the cash flow characteristics of asset.

                Based on these factors, the Group classifies its debt instruments into one of the following three measurement
                categories:

                •      Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cashflows where those cash flows
                       represent solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”), and that are not designated at FVPL,
                       are measured at amortised cost.

                •      Fair value through other comprehensive income: Financial assets that are held for collection
                       of contractual cash flows and for selling the assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely
                       payments of principal and interest, and that are not designated at FVPL, are measured at FVOCI.

                •      Fair value through profit or loss: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI
                       are measured at FVPL.

                The Group may also irrevocably designate financial assets at fair value through profit or loss if doing
                so significantly reduces or eliminates a mismatch created by assets and liabilities being measured on
                different bases.

                Equity instruments
                An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the Group after
                deducting the liabilities. A financial instrument is an equity instrument if, and only if, both conditions
                i) and ii) below are met:

                i)     The financial instrument includes no contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial
                       asset to another entity, or to exchange financial assets or financial liabilities with another entity
                       under conditions that are potentially unfavorable to the Group; and

                ii)    If the financial instrument will or may be settled in the Group’s own equity instruments, it is
                       a non-derivative instrument that includes no contractual obligations for the Group to deliver a
                       variable number of its own equity instruments; or a derivative that will be settled only by the
                       Group exchanging a fixed amount of cash or another financial asset for a fixed number of its own
                       equity instruments.




                                                                                                        2020 Annual Report      197
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
             (c)   Financial instruments (Continued)
                   (i)    Initial recognition and classification of financial instruments (Continued)
                          Financial assets (Continued)
                          Equity instruments (Continued)
                          Equity investments of the Group are measured at FVPL, except where the Group’s management has
                          elected, at initial recognition, to irrevocably designate an equity investment at FVOCI. The Group’s
                          policy is to designate equity investments as FVOCI when those investments are held for purposes other
                          than trading. After designation, the fair value change is recognized in the other comprehensive income
                          and it is not allowed to subsequently reclassify to profit or loss (including upon disposal). Impairment
                          loss and reversal of impairment is not presented separately in the financial statement and is included in
                          the fair value change. Dividend income as the return from investments is recognized by the Group when
                          the right to receive is formed

                          Financial liabilities
                          The Group’s financial liabilities are classified into financial liabilities at FVPL and other financial liabilities
                          carried at amortised cost on initial recognition. Financial liabilities at FVPL is applied to derivatives,
                          financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated as such at initial recognition.

                          The Group may, at initial recognition, irrevocably designate a financial liability as measured at fair value
                          through profit or loss when doing so results in more relevant information, because either:

                          (i)    it eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would
                                 otherwise arise; or

                          (ii)   a group of financial liabilities or financial assets and financial liabilities is managed and its
                                 performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with a documented risk management
                                 or investment strategy, and information about the Group is provided internally on that basis to
                                 the Group’s key management personnel.

                   (ii)   Measurement of financial assets
                          Initial measurement
                          Financial assets at FVPL are stated at fair value. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss,
                          transaction costs that are directly attributable to profit or loss. Financial assets not at fair value through
                          profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of the financial assets.

                          Subsequent measurement
                          Subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on the categories:

                          Financial assets and financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
                          The amortised cost is the amount at which the financial asset is measured at initial recognition: i) minus
                          the principal; ii) plus or minus the cumulative recognized using the effective interest method of any
                          difference between that initial amount and maturity amount; iii) for financial assets, adjusted for any
                          loss allowance.




198   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (c)   Financial instruments (Continued)
          (ii)   Measurement of financial assets (Continued)
                 The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts
                 through the expected life of the financial asset to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset (i.e. its
                 amortised cost before any impairment allowance). The calculation does not consider expected credit losses
                 (‘ECL’) and includes transaction costs, premiums or discounts and fees and points paid or received that
                 are integral to the effective interest rate. For purchased or originated credit-impaired (‘POCI’) financial
                 assets – assets that are credit-impaired at initial recognition – the Group calculates the credit-adjusted
                 effective interest rate, which is calculated based on the amortised cost of the financial asset instead of this
                 gross carrying amount and incorporates the impact of ECL in estimated future cash flows.

                 Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the carrying amount of a financial
                 asset, except for:

                 i)     a POCI financial asset, whose interest income is calculated, since initial recognition, by applying
                        the credit-adjusted effective interest rate to its amortised cost; and

                 ii)    a financial asset that is not a POCI financial asset but has subsequently become credit-impaired,
                        whose interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to its amortised cost. If, in
                        a subsequent period, the financial asset improves its quality so that it is no longer credit-impaired
                        and the improvement in credit quality can be related objectively to a certain event occurring after
                        the application of the above-mentioned rule, then the interest income can again be calculated
                        by applying the effective interest rate to its gross carrying amount. Interest income from these
                        financial assets is included in ‘interest income’ using the effective interest rate method.

                 For floating-rate financial assets and floating-rate financial liabilities, periodic re-estimation of cash flows
                 to reflect the movements in the market rates of interest alters the effective interest rate. If a floating-
                 rate financial asset or a floating rate financial liability is recognized initially at an amount equal to the
                 principal receivable or payable on maturity, re-estimating the future interest payments normally has no
                 significant effect on the carrying amount of the asset or the liability.

                 If the Group revises its estimates of payments or receipts, the difference between the gross carrying amount
                 of the financial asset or amortised cost of a financial liability calculated from revised estimated contractual
                 cash flows and the present value of the estimated future contractual cash flows that are discounted at the
                 financial instrument’s original effective interest rate should be recognized in profit or loss.




                                                                                                            2020 Annual Report      199
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
             (c)   Financial instruments (Continued)
                   (ii)   Measurement of financial assets (Continued)
                          Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
                          Debt instruments
                          Movements in the carrying amount are taken through other comprehensive income, except for the
                          recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses on the
                          instrument’s amortised cost which are recognized in profit or loss.

                          When the financial assets is recognized, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in other
                          comprehensive income is reclassified from equity to profit or loss and recognized in ‘Net investment
                          income’. Interest income from these financial assets is included in ‘Interest income’ using the effective
                          interest rate method.

                          Equity instruments
                          Where an investment in an equity investment not held for trading is designated as a financial asset
                          measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, the fair value changes of the financial asset
                          is recognized in the other comprehensive income. When the financial asset is recognized, the cumulative
                          gain or loss previously recognized in other comprehensive income is reclassified from other comprehensive
                          income to retained earnings. The dividends on the investment are recognized in profit or loss only when
                          the Group’s right to receive payment of the dividends is established.

                          Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
                          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are stated at fair value and a gain or loss on the financial
                          assets that is measured at fair value should be recognized in profit or loss.

                          Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are measured at fair value with all gains or losses
                          recognized in the profit or loss of the current period, except for financial liabilities designated as at fair
                          value through profit or loss, where gains or losses on the financial liabilities are treated as follows:

                          •      changes in fair value of such financial liabilities due to changes in the Group’s own credit risk are
                                 recognized in other comprehensive income; and

                          •      other changes in fair value of such financial liabilities are recognized in profit or loss of the current
                                 period.




200   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (c)   Financial instruments (Continued)
          (iii)   Impairment of financial assets
                  The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the ECL associated with its debt instrument assets carried
                  at amortised cost and FVOCI and with exposure arising from loan commitments, financial guarantee
                  contracts and lease receivables.

                  ECL is the weighted average of credit losses with the respective risks of a default occurring as the weights.
                  Credit loss is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance
                  with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, ie, all cashshort falls, discounted
                  at the original effective interest rate (or credit-adjusted effective interest rate for POCI financial assets).

                  The Group measures ECL of a financial instrument in a way that reflects:

                  •      an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of possible
                         outcomes;

                  •      the time value of money; and

                  •      reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort at the
                         reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

                  Detailed information about ECL in the above areas is set out in note 55 (a).

                  The Group applies the impairment requirements for the recognition and measurement of a loss allowance
                  for debt instruments that are measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. The loss
                  allowance is recongnised in other comprehensive income and the impairment loss is recognized in profit
                  or loss, and it should not reduce the carrying amount of the financial asset in the consolidated statement
                  of financial position.

                  If the Group has measured the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to lifetime
                  ECL in the previous reporting period, but determines at the current reporting date that the credit risk
                  on the financial instruments has increased significantly since initial recognition is no longer met, the
                  Group measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to 12-months ECL at the current reporting date
                  and the amount of ECL reversal is recognize in profit or loss.

                  At the reporting date, the Group only recognized the cumulative changes in lifetime ECL since initial
                  recognition as a loss allowance for POCI financial assets. At each reporting date, the Group recognized
                  in profit or loss the amount of the changes in lifetime ECL as an impairment gain or loss.




                                                                                                            2020 Annual Report      201
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
             (c)   Financial instruments (Continued)
                   (iv)   Modification of loans
                          The Group sometimes renegotiates or otherwise modifies the contractual cash flows of loans to customers.
                          When this happens, the Group assesses whether or not the new terms are substantially different to the
                          original terms. The Group does this by considering, among others, the following factors:

                          •      If the borrower is in financial difficulty, whether the modification merely reduces the contractual
                                 cash flows to amounts the borrower is expected to be able to pay.

                          •      Whether any substantial new terms are introduced, such as a profit share/equity-based return that
                                 substantially affects the risk profile of the loan.

                          •      Significant extension of the loan term when the borrower is not in financial difficulty.

                          •      Significant change in the interest rate.

                          •      Change in the currency the loan is denominated in.

                          •      Insertion of collateral, other security or credit enhancements that significantly affect the credit
                                 risk associated with the loan.

                          If the terms are substantially different, the Group derecognises the original financial asset and recognises a
                          ‘new’ asset at fair value and recalculates a new effective interest rate for the asset. The date of renegotiation is
                          consequently considered to be the date of initial recognition for impairment calculation purposes, including
                          for the purpose of determining whether a significant increase in credit risk has occurred. However, the
                          Group also assesses whether the new financial asset recognised is deemed to be credit-impaired at initial
                          recognition, especially in circumstances where the renegotiation was driven by the debtor being unable
                          to make the originally agreed payments. Differences in the carrying amount are also recognised in profit
                          or loss as a gain or loss on derecognition.

                          If the terms are not substantially different, the renegotiation or modification does not result in derecognition,
                          and the Group recalculates the gross carrying amount based on the revised cash flows of the financial asset
                          and recognises a modification gain or loss in profit or loss. The new gross carrying amount is recalculated
                          by discounting the modified cash flows at the original effective interest rate (or credit-adjusted effective
                          interest rate for POCI financial assets).

                   (v)    Derivatives and hedges
                          Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date on which the derivative contract is entered
                          into and are subsequently remeasured at fair value. All derivatives are carried as assets when fair value is
                          positive and as liabilities when fair value is negative.

                          Certain derivatives are embedded in hybrid contracts, such as the conversion option in a convertible
                          bond. If the hybrid contract contains a host that is a financial asset, then the Group assesses the entire
                          contract as described in the financial assets section above for classification and measurement purposes.
                          Otherwise, the embedded derivatives are treated as separate derivatives when:

                          •      Their economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to those of the host contract;

                          •      A separate instrument with the same terms would meet the definition of a derivative; and

                          •      The hybrid contract is not measured at fair value through profit or loss.




202   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (c)   Financial instruments (Continued)
          (v)    Derivatives and hedges (Continued)
                 These embedded derivatives are separately accounted for at fair value, with changes in fair value recognised
                 in the statement of profit or loss unless the Group chooses to designate the hybrid contracts at fair value
                 through profit or loss.

                 The method of recognising the resulting fair value gain or loss depends on whether the derivative is
                 designated and qualifies as a hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged. The
                 Group designates certain derivatives as hedges of the fair value of recognised assets or liabilities or firm
                 commitments for fair value hedges.

                 The Group documents, at the inception of the hedge, the relationship between hedged items and
                 hedging instruments, as well as its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge
                 transactions. The Group also documents its assessment, both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis,
                 of whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting changes
                 in fair values of hedged items.

                 Changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges are recorded
                 in the statement of profit or loss, together with changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability
                 that are attributable to the hedged risk.

                 If the hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, the adjustment to the carrying amount
                 of a hedged item for which the effective interest method is used is amortised to profit or loss over the
                 period to maturity and recorded as net interest income.

          (vi)   Derecognition of financial assets
                 Financial assets
                 The Group recognized a financial asset only when (1) the contractual rights to the cash flows from
                 the asset expire, or (2) when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards
                 of ownership of the asset to another entity, or (3) when it transfers the financial asset and gives up the
                 control of the transferred assets though the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks
                 and rewards of ownership.

                 Where a transfer of a financial asset in its entirety meets the criteria for de-recognition, the difference
                 between the two amounts below is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit and loss:

                 —      the carrying amount of the financial asset transferred;

                 —      the sum of the consideration received from the transfer and the cumulative gain or loss that has
                        been recognised directly in equity.

                 If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues
                 to control the transferred asset, the Group continues to recognize the asset to the extent of its continuing
                 involvement and recognized an associated liability.




                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report      203
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
             (c)   Financial instruments (Continued)
                   (vi)    Derecognition of financial assets (Continued)
                           Financial liabilities
                           Financial liabilities are recognized when the related obligation is discharged, is cancelled or expires. An
                           agreement between the Group and an existing lender to exchange the original financial liability with a
                           new financial liability with substantially different terms, or a substantial modification of the terms of
                           an existing financial liability is accounted for as an extinguishment of the original financial liability and
                           recognition of a new financial liability.

                           The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability recognized and the consideration
                           paid and payable is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit and loss.

                   (vii)   Securitization
                           As part of its operations, the Group securities financial assets, generally through the sale of these assets to
                           structured entities which issue securities to investors. When the recognized of financial assets that qualify
                           for de-recognition, the relevant financial assets are de-recognised in their entirety and a new financial
                           asset or liabilities is recognized regarding the interest in the unconsolidated recognized vehicles that the
                           Group acquired. When the recognized of financial assets that do not qualify for de-recognition, the
                           relevant financial assets are not recognized, and the consideration paid by third parties are recorded as a
                           financial liability. When the recognized of financial assets that partially qualify for de-recognition, where
                           the Group has not retained control, it recognized these financial assets and recognized separately as assets
                           or liabilities any rights and obligations created or retained in the transfer. Otherwise the Group continues
                           to recognize these financial assets to the extent of its continuing involvement in the financial asset.

                   (viii) Sales of assets on condition of repurchase

                           De-recognition of financial assets sold on condition of repurchase is determined by the economic
                           substance of the transaction. If a financial asset is sold under an agreement to repurchase the same or
                           substantially the same asset at a fixed price or at the sale price plus a reasonable return, the Group will
                           not recognized the asset. If a financial asset is sold together with an option to repurchase the financial
                           asset at its fair value at the time of repurchase (in case of transferor sells such financial asset), the Group
                           will recognized the financial asset.

                   (ix)    Presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities
                           Financial assets and financial liabilities are presented separately in the consolidated statement of financial
                           position and are not offset. However, financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount
                           is reported in the consolidated statement of financial position only if the Group has a legally enforceable
                           right to set off the recognized amounts and the transactions are intended to be settled on a net basis, or
                           by recognize the asset and settling the liability simultaneously.




204   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (c)   Financial instruments (Continued)
          (x)    Financial assets held under resale and financial assets sold under repurchase agreements
                 Financial assets held under resale agreements are transactions which the Group acquires financial assets
                 which will be resold at a predetermined price in the future date under resale agreements. Financial assets
                 sold under repurchase agreements are transactions which the Group sells financial assets which will be
                 repurchased at a predetermined price in the future date under repurchase agreements.

                 Cash advanced or received is recognized as amounts held under resale and repurchase agreements on
                 the consolidated statement of financial position. Assets held under resale agreements are recorded in
                 memorandum accounts as off-balance sheet items. Assets sold under repurchase agreements continue to
                 be recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position.

                 The difference between the resale and repurchase consideration, and that between the purchase and sale
                 consideration, should be expired over the period of the respective transaction using the effective interest
                 method and are included in interest expense and interest income, respectively.

          (xi)   Equity instrument
                 The consideration received from the issuance of equity instruments net of transaction costs is recognized
                 in equity. Consideration and transaction costs paid by the Bank for repurchasing self-issued equity
                 instruments are deducted from equity holder’s equity.

    (d)   Precious metals
          Precious metals comprise gold and other precious metals. Precious metals that are not related to the Group’s
          precious metals trading activities are initially measured at acquisition cost and subsequently measured at the
          lower of cost and net realisable value. Precious metals acquired by the Group for trading purposes and precious
          metals leasing are initially measured at fair value and subsequent changes in fair value are recorded in the
          consolidated statement of profit or loss.

    (e)   Interests in subsidiaries
          In the Bank’s consolidated statement of financial position, interests in subsidiaries are accounted for using the
          cost less impairment losses (see Note 4 (l)). Cost includes direct attributable costs of investment. Dividends
          declared by subsidiaries are recognized in investment income.

          Determination of investment cost
          For long-term equity investments acquired through a business combination: for long-term equity investments
          acquired through a business combination involving enterprises under common control, the investment cost
          shall be the absorbing party’s share of the carrying amount of owners’ equity of the party being absorbed at the
          combination date; for long-term equity investment acquired through a business combination involving enterprises
          not under common control, the investment cost shall be the combination cost.

          For long-term equity investments acquired not through a business combination: for long-term equity investment
          acquired by payment in cash, the initial investment cost shall be the purchase price actually paid; for long-term
          equity investments acquired by issuing equity securities, the initial investment cost shall be the fair value of the
          equity securities issued.




                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report      205
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
             (f)   Interests in associates and joint ventures
                   An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. A joint venture is an arrangement
                   whereby the Group and other parties contractually agree to share control of the arrangement, and have rights
                   to the net assets of the arrangement.

                   When acquiring associates and joint ventures, the Group recognises as initial investment cost in the principle
                   which: for the investments obtained by making payment in cash, the Group recognises the purchase cost which
                   is actually paid as initial investment costs; for the investments obtained by equity securities, the Group recognises
                   the fair value of the equity securities issued as initial investment cost.

                   An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method, unless the investment
                   is classified as held for sale.

                   The Group adopts the following accounting treatments when using the equity method:

                   —      Where the initial investment cost of an associate or joint venture exceeds the Group’s interest in the
                          fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets at the date of acquisition, the investment is initially
                          recognized at the initial investment cost. Where the initial investment cost is less than the Group’s
                          interest in the fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets at the date of acquisition, the investment
                          is initially recognized at the investor’s share of the fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets, and
                          the difference is charged to profit or loss.

                   —      After the acquisition of the investment, the Group recognized its share of the investee’s profit or loss
                          and other comprehensive income as investment income or losses and other comprehensive income
                          respectively, and adjusts the carrying amount of the investment accordingly. Once the investee declares
                          any cash dividends or profit distributions, the carrying amount of the investment is reduced by that
                          amount attributable to the Group. Changes in the Group’s share of the investee’s owners’ equity, other
                          than those arising from the investee’s profit or loss, other comprehensive income or profit distribution,
                          is recognized in the Group’s equity, and the carrying amount of the investment is adjusted accordingly.

                   —      The Group recognized its share of investee’s profits or losses, other comprehensive income and other
                          changes in equity holders’ equity after making appropriate adjustments to align the accounting policies
                          or accounting periods with those of the Group based on the fair value of the investee’s identifiable net
                          assets at the date of acquisition. Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the
                          Group and its associates or joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interests in the
                          associates or joint ventures. When an entity in the Group transacts with the Group’s associate, profits
                          and losses resulting from the transaction are recognized in the Group’s consolidated financial statements
                          only to the extent of the interest in the associate that are not related to the Group. Unrealised losses are
                          eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred.

                   —      The Group discontinues recognized its share of net losses of investees after the carrying amount of
                          investment to the associates and joint ventures and any long-term interest that in substance forms part
                          of the Group’s net interest in the associates and joint ventures are reduced to zero, except to the extent
                          that the Group has an obligation to assume additional losses. Additional loss is recognized only to the
                          extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of that
                          associate. Where profits are subsequently made by the associates and joint ventures, the Group resumes
                          recognized its share of those profits only after its share of the profits equals the share of losses not
                          recognized.




206   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (f)   Interests in associates and joint ventures (Continued)
          Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of an investee
          but does not have control or joint control over those policies.

          The Group makes provisions for impairment of interests in associates and joint ventures in accordance with the
          principles described in Note 4 (l).

    (g)   Property, plant and equipment
          Property, plant and equipment is asset held by the Group for the conduct of business and is expected to be used
          for more than one year. Construction-in-progress, an item of property, represents property under construction
          and is transferred to property when ready for its intended use.

          (i)    Cost
                 Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost upon initial recognition. Costs of a purchased property,
                 plant and equipment comprise purchase price, related taxes, and any directly attributable expenditures
                 for bringing the asset to working condition for its intended use. Costs of the self-constructed property,
                 plant and equipment comprise construction materials, direct labor costs and those expenditures necessarily
                 incurred for bringing the asset to working condition for its intended use.

                 Subsequent to initial recognition, property, plant and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated
                 depreciation and impairment losses.

                 Where an item of property, plant and equipment comprises major components having different useful
                 lives, they are accounted for as separate items of property, plant and equipment.

          (ii)   Subsequent costs
                 The Group recognized in the carrying amount of an item of property, plant and equipment the cost of
                 replacing part of such an item when that cost is incurred if it is probable that the future economic benefits
                 embodied with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All
                 other costs are recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as an expense when incurred.




                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report      207
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
             (g)   Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
                   (iii)   Depreciation
                           Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost, less residual value if applicable, of property, plant and
                           equipment and is charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of each
                           part of an item of property, plant and equipment.

                           The estimated useful lives are as follows:

                                                                               Estimated               Estimated
                                                                              useful lives         residual value     Depreciation rate
                            Buildings                                       30 – 35 years                      5%          2.71%-3.17%
                            Computer equipment and others                    3 – 10 years                      5%         9.50%-31.67%

                           No depreciation is provided in respect of construction in progress.

                           The residual value and useful lives of assets are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, as of each reporting
                           date.

                   (iv)    Impairment
                           Impairment losses on property, plant and equipment are accounted for in accordance with the accounting
                           policies as set out in Note 4 (l).

                   (v)     Disposal and retirement
                           Gains or losses arising from the disposal or retirement of property, plant and equipment are determined as
                           the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognized
                           in the consolidated statement of profit or loss on the date of disposal or retirement.

             (h)   Intangible assets
                   Intangible assets are initially recognized at cost. The cost less estimated net residual values (if any) of the intangible
                   assets is amortised on a straight-line basis over their useful lives, and charged to profit or loss. Impaired intangible
                   assets are amortised net of accumulated impairment losses.

                   Impairment loss on intangible assets is accounted for in accordance with the accounting policies as set out in
                   Note 4 (l). Impaired intangible assets are amortised net of accumulated impairment losses.

                   Intangible assets which are not yet available for use should be estimated at least at each financial year-end, even
                   if there was no indication that the assets were impaired.




208   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (i)   Investment properties
          Investment properties are land and/or buildings which are owned and/or held under a leasehold interest to earn
          rental income and/or for capital appreciation.

          The Group’s investment properties are accounted for using the fair value model for subsequent measurement
          when either of the following conditions is met:

          —      There is an active property market in the location in which the investment property is situated;

          —      The Group can obtain the market price and other relevant information regarding the same type of or
                 similar properties from the property market, so as to reasonably estimate the fair value of the investment
                 property.

          Investment properties are stated at fair value in the consolidated statement of financial position. Any gain or loss
          arising from a change in fair value or from the retirement or disposal of an investment property is recognized
          in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

          When there is a change in use of properties from owner-occupation to earn rentals or for capital appreciation,
          the investment property transferring from property, plant and equipment or intangible assets is measured at fair
          value on the date of transfer. If the fair value on the transferred investment property is lower than the carrying
          amount of property, plant and equipment or intangible assets on the date of transfer, the difference is recognized
          in profit or loss, otherwise in the comprehensive income.

          When an investment property is sold, transferred, retired or damaged, the Group recognized the amount of
          any proceeds on disposal, net of the carrying amount and related expenses, in the consolidated statement of
          profit and loss.

    (j)   Goodwill
          Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of a business combination over the Group’s interest in the fair value
          of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. Goodwill is not amortised. Goodwill arising from a business combination
          is allocated to each cash-generating unit (“CGU”) or a group of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from the
          synergies of the combination. The Group performs impairment test on goodwill annually.

          Any excess of the Group’s interest in the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets over the cost of
          a business combination is recognised immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

          On disposal of the related CGU or a group of CGUs, any attributable amount of the purchased goodwill net
          of allowance for impairment losses, if any, is included in the calculation of the profit or loss on disposal.

          Impairment loss on goodwill is accounted in accordance with the accounting policies as set out in Note 4 (l).

    (k)   Repossessed assets
          In the recovery of impaired loans and advances, the Group may take possession of assets held as collateral
          through court proceedings or voluntary delivery of possession by the borrowers. Where it is intended to achieve
          an orderly realisation of the impaired assets and the Group is no longer seeking repayment from the borrower,
          repossessed assets are reported in “other assets”.

          When the Group seizes assets to compensate for the losses of loans and advances and interest receivables, the
          repossessed assets are initially recognised at fair value and any taxes that are directly attributable to the assets,
          and other expenses incurred for collecting the repossessed assets.




                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report      209
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
             (k)   Repossessed assets (Continued)
                   When the fair value less costs to sell is lower than a repossessed asset’s carrying amount, an impairment loss
                   is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Repossessed assets are recognised at the carrying
                   value, net of allowance for impairment losses.

                   The repossessed assets are disposed after acquisition and cannot be used without authorisation. The repossessed
                   assets that are transferred to own use are treated as newly purchased property, plant and equipment.

                   Any gain or loss arising from the disposal of the repossessed assets is included in the consolidated statement of
                   profit or loss in the period in which the item is disposed.

             (l)   Allowance for impairment of non-financial assets
                   (i)    Impairment of non-financial assets other than goodwill
                          At the end of each reporting period, the Group assesses whether there is any indication that a non-
                          financial asset other than goodwill such as investments in associates and joint ventures, property, plant and
                          equipment, investment properties, intangible assets and other assets may be impaired. If any indication
                          exists that an asset may be impaired, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the asset.

                          The recoverable amount of an asset is the higher of its fair value less costs to sell and the present value
                          of the future cash flows expected to be derived from the asset. The Group considers all relevant factors
                          in estimating the present value of future cash flows, such as the expected future cash flows, the useful
                          life and the discount rate.

                          If the recoverable amount of an asset is less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset is
                          reduced to its recoverable amount. That reduction is recognized as an impairment loss in the consolidated
                          statement of profit or loss.

                   (ii)   Impairment of goodwill
                          For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to the
                          CGU or the group of CGUs that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.

                          A CGU is the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that is largely independent
                          of the cash flows from other assets or groups of assets.

                          The CGU or the group of CGUs to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment by the
                          Group annually, or whenever there is an indication that the CGU or the group of CGUs are impaired,
                          by comparing the carrying amount of the CGU or the group of CGUs, including the goodwill, with the
                          recoverable amount of the CGU or the group of CGUs. The recoverable amount of the CGU or the
                          group of CGUs are the estimated future cash flows, which are discounted to their present value using a
                          discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific
                          to the CGU or the group of CGUs with allocated goodwill.

                          At the time of impairment testing of a CGU or a group of the CGUs to which goodwill has been allocated,
                          there may be an indication of an impairment of an asset within the CGU containing the goodwill. In
                          such circumstances, the Group tests the asset for impairment first, and recognized any impairment loss
                          for that asset before testing for impairment on the CGU or group of the CGUs containing the goodwill.
                          Similarly, there may be an indication of an impairment of a CGU within a group of the CGUs containing
                          the goodwill. In such circumstances, the Group tests the CGU for impairment first, and recognized any
                          impairment loss for that CGU, before testing for impairment the group of CGUs to which the goodwill
                          is allocated.




210   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                   (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (l)   Allowance for impairment of non-financial assets (Continued)
          (ii)   Impairment of goodwill (Continued)
                 For a CGU or a group of CGUs, the amount of impairment loss firstly reduces the carrying amount
                 of any goodwill allocated to the CGU or the group of CGUs, and then reduces the carrying amount
                 of other assets (other than goodwill) within the CGU or the group of CGUs, pro rata on the basis of
                 the carrying amount of each asset. The carrying amount of an asset should not be reduced below the
                 highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable); its value in use (if determinable) and zero.

                 An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.

    (m) Fair value measurement
          Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
          in the principal (or most advantageous) market at the measurement date under current market conditions
          (i.e. an exit price) regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation
          technique (Note 57).

    (n)   Employee benefits
          (i)    Short-term employee benefits
                 During the accounting period when an employee has rendered service to the Group, the Group recognises
                 the undiscounted amount of short-term employee benefits as a liability and as an expense, unless another
                 IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefits in the cost of an asset. Short-term employee benefits
                 include wages, bonuses, labor union expenses and employee education expenses, social insurance such as
                 medical insurance, work-related injury insurance and maternity insurance, as well as housing provident
                 funds, which are all calculated based on the regulated benchmark and ratio.

          (ii)   Post-employment benefits: Defined contribution plans
                 Pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC, the Group participated in a defined contribution
                 basic pension insurance in the social insurance system established and managed by government organisations.
                 The Group makes contributions to basic pension insurance plans based on the applicable benchmarks
                 and rates stipulated by the government. Basic pension insurance contributions are charged to profit or
                 loss when the related services are rendered by the employees.

                 In addition to the statutory provision plan, the Bank’s employees have joined its annuity scheme (the
                 “scheme”) which was established by the CITIC Group Corporation (“CITIC Group”) in accordance with
                 policies regarding the state-owned enterprise annuity policy. The Bank has made annuity contributions
                 in proportion to its employee’s gross salaries which are expensed in the consolidated statement of profit
                 or loss when the contributions are made.

                 The Group operates a defined contribution provident fund and a Mandatory Provident Fund scheme
                 for Hong Kong staff. Contributions are charged to profit or loss as and when the contribution fall due.




                                                                                                              2020 Annual Report      211
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
             (n)   Employee benefits (Continued)
                   (iii)   Post-employment benefits: Defined benefit plans
                           The defined benefit plans of the Group are supplementary retirement benefits provided to the domestic
                           employees.

                           The Group adopts the projected unit credit actuarial cost method, using unbiased and mutually compatible
                           actuarial assumptions to estimate the demographic and financial variables, to measure the obligation
                           associated in the defined benefits plan. The discounted present value of the defined benefit obligation is
                           recognised as the liabilities of the defined benefit plans.

                           The Group recognises the obligation of defined benefit plans in the accounting period in which the
                           employees render the related services. Past-service costs are recognised immediately in the consolidated
                           statement of profit or loss. The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net
                           balance of the defined benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets. This cost is included in
                           employee benefit expense in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Re-measurement arising from
                           experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are charged or credited to equity in other
                           comprehensive income in the period in which they arise.

             (o)   Government grants
                   Government grants are transfers of monetary assets or non-monetary assets from the government to the Group
                   at no consideration except for any capital contribution from the government as an investor in the Group. Special
                   funds such as investment grants allocated by the government, if clearly defined in official documents as part of
                   “capital reserve” are dealt with as capital contributions, and not regarded as government grants.

                   Government grants are recognised when there is reasonable assurance that the grants will be received and that
                   the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to the grants. Government grants are measured at the
                   amount received or will be received when recognised as monetary assets. Government grants are measured at
                   fair value when recognised as non-monetary assets.

                   The grants related to assets are government grants whose primary condition is that an entity qualifying for them
                   should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire long-term assets. The grants related to income are government
                   grants other than those related to assets. A government grant related to an asset is recognised initially as deferred
                   income and amortised to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the asset. A grant that
                   compensates the Group for expenses to be incurred in the subsequent periods is recognised initially as deferred
                   income and recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the same periods in which the expenses
                   are recognised. A grant that compensates the Group for expenses incurred is recognised in the consolidated
                   statement of profit or loss immediately. The Group uses the same statement method for similar government grants.

                   The prime based loan of the Group is calculated based on actual incoming loan as entry value and preferential
                   interest rate. The direct interest charges against the cost of loan.




212   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (p)   Financial guarantee contracts and loan commitments
          A financial guarantee contract is a contract that requires the issuer to make specified payments to reimburse
          the holder for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payment when due, in accordance with
          the terms of a debt instrument.

          Financial guarantees are initially recognised at fair value on the date the guarantee was given. Subsequent
          to initial recognition, the Group’s liabilities under such guarantees are measured at the higher of the initial
          amount, less amortisation of guarantee fees, and the best estimate of the expected credit loss provision required
          to settle the guarantee. Any increase in the liability relating to guarantees is taken to the consolidated statement
          of profit and loss.

          The impairment allowance of loan commitments provided by the Group is measured by ECL. The Group has
          not provided any commitment to provide loans at a below-market interest rate, or that can be settled net in
          cash or by delivering or issuing another financial instrument.

          For loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts, the loss allowance is recognised as a provision. However,
          for contracts that include both a loan and an undrawn commitment and the Group cannot separately identify
          the ECL on the undrawn commitment component from those on the loan component, the ECL on the undrawn
          commitment are recognised together with the loss allowance for the loan. To the extent that the combined ECL
          exceed the gross carrying amount of the loan, the ECL are recognised as a provision.

    (q)   Provisions and contingent liabilities
          A provision is recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position when the Group has a present legal
          or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits
          will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. A provision is initially measured
          at the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the related present obligation. Factors pertaining to a
          contingency such as the risks, uncertainties and time value of money are taken into account as a whole in reaching
          the best estimate. Where the effect of the time value of money is material, the best estimate is determined by
          discounting the related future cash outflows. The Group recognize the loss allowance of financial guarantee
          contracts measured by ECL as a provision.

          A contingent liability is (a) a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence can only be
          confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the
          control of the Group; or (b) a present obligation that arises from past events and it is not probable that an
          outflow of economic benefits is required to settle the obligation; or the amount of the obligation cannot be
          measured reliably. Such liability is disclosed as contingent liabilities under Note 51.

    (r)   Fiduciary activities
          The Group acts in a fiduciary capacity as a custodian, trustee, or an agent for customers. Assets held by the
          Group and the related undertakings to return such assets to customers are excluded from the consolidated
          financial statements as the risks and rewards of the assets reside with the customers.

          Entrusted lending is the business where the Group enters into entrusted loan agreements with customers, whereby
          the customers provide funding (the “entrusted funds”) to the Group, and the Group grants loans to third parties
          (the “entrusted loans”) at the instruction of the customers. As the Group does not assume the risks and rewards
          of the entrusted loans and the corresponding entrusted funds, entrusted loans and funds are recorded as off-
          balance sheet items at their principal amounts and no impairment assessments are made for these entrusted loans.




                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report      213
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
             (s)   Income recognition
                   Revenue is the gross inflow of economic benefit arising in the course of the Group’s ordinary activities when
                   those inflows result in increases in equity, other than increases relating to contributions from owners. Revenue
                   is recognized when the controls of related products or services is obtained and satisfy the other conditions for
                   different type of revenues as below.

                   (i)     Interest income
                           Interest income of financial assets is calculated using the effective interest method and included in the
                           profit and loss.

                           The accounting policies about interest income of financial assets measured at amortised cost refer to
                           note 4 (c)(ii).

                   (ii)    Fee and commission income
                           Fee and commission income is recognized when the Group fulfills its performance obligation, either over
                           time or at a point in time when a customer obtains control of the service. Origination or commitment
                           fees received by the Group which result in the creation or acquisition of a financial asset are deferred and
                           recognized as an adjustment to the effective interest rate. If the commitment expires without the Group
                           making a loan or anticipating will not, the fee is recognized as revenue on expiry.

                   (iii)   Dividend income
                           Dividend income is recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss on the date when the
                           Group’s right to receive payment is established.

                   (iv)    Rental income from operating lease
                           Rental income received under operating leases is recognised as other operating income in equal instalments
                           over the periods covered by the lease term, except where an alternative basis is more representative of
                           the pattern of benefits to be derived from the leased asset. Lease incentives granted are recognised in the
                           consolidated statement of profit or loss as an integral part of the aggregate net lease payments receivable.

                   (v)     Finance income from finance lease and hire purchase contract
                           Finance income implicit in finance lease and hire purchase payments is recognised as interest income
                           over the period of the leases so as to produce an approximately constant periodic rate of return on the
                           outstanding net investment in the leases for each accounting period.

             (t)   Income tax
                   Current tax and deferred tax are recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss except to the extent
                   that they relate to a business combination or items recognized directly in equity (including other comprehensive
                   income).

                   Current income tax is the expected tax payables on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or
                   substantially enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payables in respect of previous periods.
                   Deferred tax is provided for temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for
                   financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Temporary differences also arise from
                   unused tax losses and unused tax credits. Deferred tax liabilities are not recognized if they arise from the initial
                   recognition of goodwill, the deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an
                   asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects
                   neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. A deferred tax asset is recognized to the extent that it is probable
                   that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be recognize.




214   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                   (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (t)   Income tax (Continued)
          Deferred income tax liabilities are provided on taxable temporary differences arising from investments in
          subsidiaries, associates and joint arrangements, except for deferred income tax liability where the timing of the
          reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by the Group and it is probable that the temporary difference
          will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred income tax assets are recognized on deductible temporary
          differences arising from investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures arrangements only to the
          extent that it is probable the temporary difference will reverse in the future and there is sufficient taxable profit
          available against which the temporary difference can be recognize.

          At the reporting date, deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected
          to apply to the period when the asset is recognize or the liability is settled according to the requirements of
          tax laws. The Group also considers the possibility of recognized and the settlement of deferred tax assets and
          deferred tax liabilities in the calculation.

          Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets against deferred tax liabilities if
          the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and meet the
          additional conditions that deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same authority
          on the same taxable entity.

    (u)   Cash equivalents
          Cash equivalents are short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of
          cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, with original maturity of three months
          or less at acquisition.

    (v)   Profit distribution
          Proposed dividends for ordinary shares which are declared and approved after the end of each reporting period
          are not recognized as a liability in the consolidated statement of financial position and are instead disclosed as
          a subsequent event after the end of each reporting period in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
          Dividends payable are recognized as liabilities in the period in which they are approved.

          As recognized by the shareholders’ annual general meeting, the Board of Directors has the sole discretion to
          declare and distribute dividends on preference shares. Preference share dividend distribution is recognized as a
          liability in the consolidated financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved.

    (w) Related parties
          If the Group has the power, directly or indirectly, to control, jointly control or exercise significant influence
          over another party, or vice versa, or where the Group and one or more parties are subject to common control,
          jointly control from another party, they are considered to be related parties. Related parties may be individuals
          or enterprises.




                                                                                                              2020 Annual Report       215
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
             (x)    Operating segments
                    An operating segment is a component of the Group that satisfies all of the following conditions: (1) the component
                    is able to earn revenues and incur expenses from its ordinary activities; (2) whose operating results are regularly
                    reviewed by the Group’s management to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and to
                    assess its performance, and (3) for which the information on financial position, operating results and cash flows
                    is available to the Group. If two or more operating segments have similar economic characteristics and satisfy
                    certain conditions, they are aggregated into one single operating segment.

                    Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the Group’s
                    chief operating decision-maker for the purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance. The Group
                    considers the business from different perspectives including products and services and geographic areas. The
                    operating segments that meet the specified criteria have been aggregated, and the operating segments that meet
                    quantitative thresholds have been reported separately.

                    Inter-segment revenues are measured on the basis of actual transaction price for such transactions for segment
                    reporting, and segment accounting policies are consistent with those for the consolidated financial statements.

      5      Critical accounting estimates and judgements
             Preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions
             that affect the application of policies and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses. The
             estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are believed to be
             reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the judgments about carrying values
             of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

             The estimates and associated key assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
             recognized in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods affected.

             (i)    Measurement of the expected credit loss allowance
                    The measurement of the expected credit loss allowance for financial assets of debt instruments and off balance
                    sheet credit assets measured at amortised cost and FVOCI is an area that requires the use of complex models
                    and significant assumptions about future economic conditions and credit recognition (e.g. the likelihood of
                    customers defaulting and the resulting losses). Explanation of the inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques
                    used in measuring ECL is further detailed in note 55 (a).

                    A number of significant judgements are also required in applying the accounting requirements for measuring
                    ECL, such as:

                    •      Segmentation of portfolio sharing similar credit risk characteristics for the purposes of measuring ECL;

                    •      Choosing appropriate models and assumptions for the measurement of ECL;

                    •      Criteria for determining whether or not there was a significant increase in credit risk, or a default or
                           impairment loss was incurred;




216   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
               Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



5   Critical accounting estimates and judgements (Continued)
    (i)    Measurement of the expected credit loss allowance (Continued)
           •      Economic indicators for forward-looking measurement, and the application of economic scenarios and
                  weightings;

           •      Management overlay for asset portfolios whose non-linear risk characteristics cannot be adequately reflected
                  through impairment models; and

           •      Discounted cash flows model is applicable to assets related to corporate client in stage 3.

           Detailed information about the judgements and estimates made by the Group in the above areas is set out in
           note 55 (a).

    (ii)   Classification of financial assets
           The critical judgments the Group has in determining the classification of financial assets include analysis of
           business models and characteristics of contractual cash flows.

           The Group determines the business model for managing financial assets at the level of financial asset portfolio.
           The factors considered include evaluation and reporting of financial asset performance to key management
           personnel, risks affecting the performance of financial assets and their management methods, and related business
           management personnel. The way to get paid, etc.

           When assessing whether the contractual cash flow of financial assets is consistent with the basic lending
           arrangement, the Group has the following main judgments: Whether the principal may be subject to change in
           the duration or amount of money due to prepayments during the duration; Whether interests is only included
           currency time value, credit risk, other basic borrowing risks, and considerations for costs and profits. For example,
           whether the amount paid in advance reflect only the outstanding principal and interest on the outstanding
           principal, as well as reasonable compensation for early termination of the contract.

    (iii) Fair value of financial instruments
           For financial instruments without active market, the Group determines fair values using valuation techniques
           which include discounted cash flow models, as well as other types of valuation models. Assumptions and inputs
           used in valuation techniques include risk-free and benchmark interest rates, credit spreads and foreign currency
           exchange rates. Where discounted cash flow techniques are used, estimated cash flows are based on management’s
           best estimates and the discount rate used is a market rate at the end of each reporting period applicable for
           an instrument with similar terms and conditions. Where other pricing models are used, inputs are based on
           observable market data at the end of each reporting period. However, where market data are not available,
           management needs to make estimates on such unobservable market inputs based on assumptions. Changes in
           assumptions about these factors could affect the estimated fair value of financial instruments.

    (iv) De-recognition of financial assets
           In its normal course of business, the Group transfers financial assets through various types of transactions
           including regular way sales and transfers, securitization, financial assets sold under repurchase agreements and
           etc., the Group applies significant judgement in assessing whether it has transferred these financial assets which
           qualify for a full or partial de-recognition.




                                                                                                           2020 Annual Report      217
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      5      Critical accounting estimates and judgements (Continued)
             (iv) De-recognition of financial assets (Continued)
                   Where the Group enters into structured transactions by which it transferred financial asset to structured entities,
                   the Group analyses whether the substance of the relationship between the Group and these structured entities
                   indicates that it controls these structured entities to determine whether the Group needs to consolidate these
                   structured entities. This will determine whether the following de-recognition analysis should be conducted at
                   the consolidated level or at the entity level from which the financial assets was transferred.

                   The Group analyses the contractual rights and obligations in connection with such transfers to determine whether
                   the de-recognition criteria are met based on the following considerations:

                   —      whether it has transferred the rights to receive contractual cash flows from the financial assets or the
                          transfer qualified for the “pass through” of those cash flows to independent third parties;

                   —      the extent to which the associated risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets are transferred by
                          using appropriate models. Significant judgment is applied in the Group’s assessment with regard to the
                          parameters and assumptions applied in the models, estimated cash flows before and after the transfers,
                          the discount rates used based on current market interest rates, variability factors considered and the
                          allocation of weightings in different scenarios;

                   —      where the Group neither retained nor transferred substantially all of the risks and rewards associated with
                          their ownership, the Group analyses whether the Group has relinquished its controls over these financial
                          assets, and if the Group has continuing involvement in these transferred financial assets.

             (v)   Consolidation of structured entities
                   The Group makes significant judgment to assess whether or not to consolidate structured entities. When
                   performing this assessment, the Group:

                   —      assesses its contractual rights and obligations in light of the transaction structures, and evaluates the
                          Group’s power over the structured entities;

                   —      performs independent analyses and tests on the variable returns from the structured entities, including
                          but not limited to commission income and asset management fees earned, retention of residual income,
                          and, if any, liquidity and other support provided to the structured entities; and

                   —      assesses its ability to exercise its power to influence the variable returns assessed whether the Group
                          acts as a principal or an agent through analysis of the scope of the Group’s decision-making authority,
                          remuneration entitled, other interests the Group holds, and the rights held by other parties.

             (vi) Income taxes
                   Determining income tax provisions involves judgement on the future tax treatment of certain transactions. There
                   are certain transactions and activities for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary
                   course of business. The Group carefully evaluates the tax implications of transactions and tax provisions are set up
                   accordingly. The tax treatment of such transactions is reconsidered periodically to take into account all changes
                   in tax legislations. Deferred tax assets are recognized for temporary deductible differences. As those deferred tax
                   assets can only be recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against
                   which the unused tax credits can be recognized, management’s judgement is required to assess the probability
                   of future taxable profits. Management’s assessment is constantly reviewed and additional deferred tax assets are
                   recognized if it becomes probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax assets to be recovered.




218   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
              Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                               (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



6   Net interest income
                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                    2020                      2019
      Interest income arising from (Note (i)):
      Deposits with central banks                                                                                  6,048                      5,949
      Deposits with banks and non-bank financial institutions                                                      2,470                      1,741
      Placements with and loans to banks and non-bank financial
        institutions                                                                                               4,931                      6,326
      Financial assets held under resale agreements                                                                  782                        753
      Loans and advances to customers
        — corporate loans                                                                                      110,823                     110,144
        — personal loans                                                                                       113,092                     104,401
      Financial investments
        — at amortised cost                                                                                      37,722                     38,238
        — at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                       22,134                     20,584
      Others                                                                                                          4                         16
      Subtotal                                                                                                 298,006                     288,152
      Interest expense arising from:
      Borrowings from central banks                                                                              (5,796)                     (8,118)
      Deposits from banks and non-bank financial institutions                                                   (24,092)                    (24,868)
      Placements from banks and non-bank financial institutions                                                  (2,494)                     (3,577)
      Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                                                          (2,239)                     (1,679)
      Deposits from customers                                                                                   (90,778)                    (80,272)
      Debt securities issued                                                                                    (21,606)                    (22,207)
      Lease liabilities                                                                                            (481)                       (500)
      Others                                                                                                         (5)                         (6)
      Subtotal                                                                                                (147,491)                    (141,227)
      Net interest income                                                                                      150,515                     146,925

    Note:


    (i)     Interest income from impaired financial assets is RMB515 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 (2019: RMB361 million).




                                                                                                                                  2020 Annual Report   219
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      7      Net fee and commission income
                                                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                       2020                             2019
               Fee and commission income:
               Bank card fees (Note (i))                                                                                            14,714                            15,146
               Agency fees and commission (Note (ii))                                                                                7,527                             7,345
               Commission for custodian business and other fiduciary                                                                 5,450                             3,835
               Guarantee and advisory fees                                                                                           4,802                             4,898
               Settlement and clearance fees                                                                                         1,172                             1,322
               Others                                                                                                                   92                                84
               Total                                                                                                                33,757                            32,630
               Fee and commission expense                                                                                           (4,921)                           (5,900)
               Net fee and commission income                                                                                        28,836                            26,730

             Note:
             (i)       According to the requirement of “Notice on Strictly Implementing Accounting Standards and Effectively Strengthening 2020 Annual Reports Work”
                       issued by the Ministry of Finance (MOF), State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council, CBIRC and China
                       Securities Regulatory Commission, the Group recognized credit card installment income, which originally accounted in fee and commission income, as
                       interest income and restated the comparatives.


             (ii)      Agency fees and commission represent fees earned for sale of bonds, investment funds and insurance products, and provision of entrusted lending activities.


      8      Net trading gain
                                                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                       2020                             2019
               Debt securities and certificates of interbank deposit                                                                  1,633                            2,783
               Foreign currencies                                                                                                     2,092                            2,194
               Derivatives and related exposures                                                                                       (371)                             252
               Total                                                                                                                  3,354                            5,229


      9      Net gain from investment securities
                                                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                       2020                             2019
               Financial investments
                 — at fair value through profit or loss                                                                               8,090                            7,329
                 — at amortised cost                                                                                                    443                              188
                 — at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                                    (137)                          (1,878)
                 — Investments in financial assets designated at fair value through
                       other comprehensive income                                                                                         5                               —
               Revaluation gain on transfer out of equity at disposal                                                                 2,876                            2,187
               Forfaiting resale gains                                                                                                  261                              241
               Net gain from bills rediscounting                                                                                        510                              560
               Net gain/(loss) from securitisation of financial assets                                                                    2                               (7)
               Others                                                                                                                  (115)                               9
               Total                                                                                                                11,935                             8,629




220   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



10 Net hedging loss
                                                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                       2020                           2019
      Net loss of fair value hedge                                                                                         (1)                            (2)


11 Operating expenses
                                                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                       2020                           2019
      Staff costs
        — salaries and bonuses                                                                                      22,165                         21,886
        — welfare expenses                                                                                           1,266                          1,262
        — social insurance                                                                                           1,544                          1,490
        — housing fund                                                                                               1,396                          1,250
        — labour union expenses and employee education expenses                                                        475                            462
        — housing allowance                                                                                              4                              8
        — other short-term benefits                                                                                    307                            521
        — post-employment benefits – defined contribution plans                                                      2,414                          2,679
        — post-employment benefits – defined benefit plans                                                               1                            (14)
        — other long-term benefits                                                                                     107                             92
      Subtotal                                                                                                      29,679                         29,636
      Property and equipment expenses
        — depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                         3,364                          3,275
        — depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                               1,986                          1,742
        — rent and property management expenses                                                                       1,314                          1,492
        — maintenance                                                                                                 1,251                            728
        — amortisation expenses                                                                                       1,006                          1,049
        — electronic equipment operating expenses                                                                       444                            547
        — others                                                                                                        415                            405
      Subtotal                                                                                                        9,780                          9,238
      Tax and surcharges                                                                                             2,024                          1,854
      Other general operating and administrative expenses (Note (i))                                                12,772                         13,440
      Total                                                                                                         54,255                         54,168

    Note:


    (i)       Included in other general operating and administrative expenses were audit fees of RMB18 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 (2019: RMB21
              million) and non-audit fees of RMB4 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 (2019: RMB8 million).




                                                                                                                                     2020 Annual Report           221
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      11 Operating expenses (Continued)
             (a)      Individuals with highest emoluments
                      For the year ended 31 December 2020, of the 5 individuals with the highest emoluments in the Group, there
                      was no director (2019: Nil) and no supervisor (2019: Nil). The aggregate of the emoluments before individual
                      income tax in respect of the other five (2019: five) highest paid individuals of the Group were as follows:

                                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2020                    2019
                                                                                                  RMB’000                 RMB’000
                       Basic salaries, housing allowances, other allowances and
                         benefits in kind                                                            19,256                  24,897
                       Discretionary bonuses                                                         15,982                  19,804
                       Contribution to pension scheme                                                   628                   1,761
                       Total                                                                         35,866                  46,462

                      The emoluments before individual income tax of the five individuals of the Group with the highest emoluments
                      are within the following bands:

                                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                       2020                    2019
                       RMB5,000,001 – RMB10,000,000                                                        4                       3
                       RMB10,000,001 – RMB15,000,000                                                       1                       2

                      No inducement fee and compensation for loss of office was paid to the five highest paid individuals for the year
                      ended 31 December 2020 (2019: Nil).

      12 Credit impairment losses
                                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                       2020                    2019
              Deposits with banks and non-bank financial institutions                                    (10)                    67
              Placements with and loans to banks and non-bank financial
                institutions                                                                             19                     (84)
              Financial assets held under resale agreements                                               9                      43
              Interest receivables                                                                    3,305                   2,103
              Loans and advances to customers                                                        69,285                  68,793
              Financial investments
                — at amortised cost                                                                   7,436                   3,589
                — at fair value through other comprehensive income                                    1,057                     678
              Other receivables                                                                         270                     390
              Off-balance sheet items                                                                 1,106                   1,100
              Total                                                                                  82,477                  76,679


      13 Impairment losses on other assets
                                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                       2020                    2019
              Other assets-repossessed assets                                                           512                     576




222   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
               Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                    (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



14 Income tax
   (a)   Recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                    Notes                                     2020                            2019
           Current tax
             — Mainland China                                                                                              16,245                          16,073
             — Hong Kong                                                                                                       52                             501
             — Overseas                                                                                                        28                              33
           Deferred tax                                                                30                                  (8,000)                         (9,056)
           Total                                                                                                             8,325                           7,551

         Mainland China and Hong Kong income tax have been provided at the rate of 25% and 16.5% respectively.
         Overseas tax has been provided at the rate of taxation prevailing in the regions in which the Group operates
         respectively.

   (b)   Reconciliation between income tax expense and accounting profit
                                                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                            2020                              2019
           Profit before tax                                                                                             57,857                            56,545
           Income tax calculated at PRC statutory tax rate                                                               14,464                            14,136
           Effect of different tax rates in other regions                                                                   (90)                             (263)
           Tax effect of non-deductible expenses (Note(i))                                                                2,207                               282
           Tax effect of non-taxable income
             — interest income arising from PRC government bonds
                   and local government bonds                                                                             (6,108)                           (4,893)
             — the dividends of funds                                                                                     (1,585)                           (1,620)
             — others                                                                                                       (563)                              (91)
           Income tax                                                                                                      8,325                             7,551

         Note:


         (i)       It mainly includes the non-deductible write-off losses that the Bank assesses and confirms item by item, and the tax impact of business entertainment
                   expenses and labor insurance expenses that exceed the pre-tax deductible limit.




                                                                                                                                            2020 Annual Report             223
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      15 Other comprehensive income, net of tax
                                                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                 2020                            2019
               Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
               Fair value changes on financial asset designated at fair value through
                  other comprehensive income, net of tax
                  — net changes in fair value recognized during the year before tax                                              (142)                         (1,052)
                  — income tax                                                                                                     23                             263
               Others
                  — net changes during the year before tax                                                                          51                              —
               Subtotal                                                                                                            (68)                          (789)
               Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
               Other comprehensive income transferable to profit or loss under
                  equity method
                  — net changes during the year                                                                                       8                             —
               Fair value changes on financial assets at fair value through other
                 comprehensive income, net of tax (Note(i))
                 — net changes during the year before tax                                                                      (4,078)                          4,425
                 — net amount transferred to profit or loss                                                                    (2,924)                         (2,187)
                 — Income tax                                                                                                   1,798                            (524)
               Credit impairment allowance on financial assets at fair value through
                 other comprehensive income (Note(ii))
                 — net changes during the year                                                                                  1,110                             927
                 — Income tax                                                                                                    (269)                           (242)
               Exchange differences on translation                                                                             (2,741)                            592
               Subtotal                                                                                                        (7,096)                          2,991
               Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                                                          (7,164)                          2,202

             Note:


             (i)     Fair value changes on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income include those of financial assets (Note 23 (a)) and loans and
                     advances to customers (Note 22 (a)) at fair value through other comprehensive income.


             (ii)    Credit impairment allowance include financial assets (Note 23 (a)) and loans and advances to customers (Note 22 (b)) at fair value through other
                     comprehensive income.




224   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
             Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



16 Earnings per share
    Earnings per share information for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 is computed by dividing the profit for
    the year attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank by the weighted average number of shares in issue during
    the year.

    The Bank issued non-cumulative preference shares during the year ended 31 December 2016, under the terms and
    conditions as detailed in Note 43 (i). The Bank declared and paid cash dividends of RMB1,330 million of non-
    cumulative preference shares for the year of 2020 (2019: 1,330 million).

    The Bank issued RMB40 billion write-down undated capital bonds (the “Bonds”) in 2019, with terms and conditions
    disclosed in detail in Note 43 (ii) under perpetual Bonds. The Bank declared and paid RMB1,680 million in interests
    on the perpetual bonds in 2020.

    The conversion feature of preference shares is considered to fall within contingently issuable ordinary shares. The
    triggering events of conversion did not occur as at 31 December 2020, therefore the conversion feature of preference
    shares has no effect on the basic and diluted earnings per share calculation.

    The diluted earnings per share is calculated on the assumption that the RMB40 billion A-share convertible corporate
    bonds publicly issued by the Bank on 4 March 2019 are deemed to have all been converted to ordinary shares upon
    issuance, and by dividing, after adjustments for the interest expenses of the convertible corporate bonds for the period,
    the net profit of the year attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank, by the adjusted weighted average number
    of ordinary shares outstanding during the year.

                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                             2020                     2019
     Profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the Bank                        48,980                   48,015
     Less: Equity attributable to holders of other equity instruments of
       the Bank                                                                              3,010                   1,330
     Profit for the year attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank                 45,970                   46,685
     Weighted average number of shares (in million shares)                                 48,935                   48,935
     Basic earnings per share (in RMB)                                                       0.94                     0.95
     Diluted earnings per share (in RMB)                                                     0.86                     0.89


17 Cash and balances with central banks
                                                                                      31 December            31 December
                                                                 Notes                       2020                   2019
     Cash                                                                                     5,951                  6,345
     Balances with central banks
       — statutory deposit reserve funds                           (i)                      367,592               354,074
       — surplus deposit reserve funds                            (ii)                       57,211                97,602
       — fiscal deposits                                          (iii)                       1,049                 1,890
       — foreign exchange reserve                                 (iv)                        3,200                 3,080
     Accrued interest                                                                           166                    167
     Total                                                                                  435,169               463,158




                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report     225
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      17 Cash and balances with central banks (Continued)
             Notes:


             (i)      The Group places statutory deposit reserve funds with the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) and overseas central banks where it has operations. The
                      statutory deposit reserve funds are not available for use in the Group’s daily business.


                      As at 31 December 2020, the statutory deposit reserve funds placed with the PBOC was calculated at 9% (as at 31 December 2019: 9.5%) of eligible
                      Renminbi deposits for domestic branches of the Bank and at 9% (as at 31 December 2019: 9.5%) of eligible Renminbi deposits from overseas financial
                      institutions. The Bank was also required to deposit an amount equivalent to 5% (as at 31 December 2019: 5%) of its foreign currency deposits from
                      domestic branch customers as statutory deposit reserve funds.


                      As at 31 December 2020, the statutory RMB deposit reserve rates applicable to Zhejiang Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank Corporation Limited in mainland
                      China, a subsidiary of the Group, was at 6% (as at 31 December 2019: 7.5%).


                      The amounts of statutory deposit reserve funds placed with the central banks of overseas countries are determined by respective jurisdictions. The statutory
                      deposit reserve funds are interest bearing except for the foreign currency reserve funds deposits placed with the PBOC.


             (ii)     The surplus deposit reserve funds are maintained with the PBOC for the purposes of clearing.


             (iii)    Fiscal deposits placed with the PBOC are not available for use in the Group’s daily operations, and are non-interest bearing.


             (iv)     The foreign exchange reserve is maintained with the PBOC in accordance with the related notice issued by the PBOC. The reserve is payable on a monthly
                      basis at 20% of the total contract amount of customers driven forward transactions in the previous month for the period of application. Such foreign
                      exchange reserve is non-interest bearing and will be repayable in 12 months according to the Notice.


      18 Deposits with banks and non-bank financial institutions
             (a)      Analysed by types and locations of counterparties
                                                                                                                             31 December                    31 December
                                                                                                Notes                               2020                           2019
                        In Mainland China
                          — banks                                                                                                     65,836                         89,740
                          — non-bank financial institutions                                                                            3,040                          5,188
                        Subtotal                                                                                                      68,876                         94,928
                        Outside Mainland China
                         — banks                                                                                                      63,556                         25,785
                         — non-bank financial institutions                                                                               629                             11
                        Subtotal                                                                                                      64,185                         25,796
                        Accrued interest                                                                                                   461                            715
                        Gross balance                                                                                               133,522                         121,439
                        Less: Allowances for impairment losses                                     32                                  (130)                           (142)
                        Net balance                                                                                                 133,392                         121,297




226   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                             (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



18 Deposits with banks and non-bank financial institutions (Continued)
    (b)   Analysed by remaining maturity
                                                                                                        31 December                   31 December
                                                                             Notes                             2020                          2019
            Demand deposits (Note (i))                                                                           76,347                       39,638
            Time deposits with remaining maturity
              — within one month                                                                                  6,954                        1,620
              — between one month and one year                                                                   49,760                       79,466
            Subtotal                                                                                            133,061                      120,724
            Accrued interest                                                                                          461                         715
            Gross balance                                                                                       133,522                      121,439
            Less: Allowances for impairment losses                              32                                 (130)                        (142)
            Net balance                                                                                         133,392                      121,297

          Note:


          (i)     As at 31 December 2020, the carrying amount of pledged deposits with banks and other financial institutions was RMB501 million (as at 31
                  December 2019: RMB849 million). These deposits were mainly maintenance margin with a regulatory body.


19 Placements with and loans to banks and non-bank financial institutions
    (a)   Analysed by types and locations of counterparties
                                                                                                        31 December                   31 December
                                                                             Notes                             2020                          2019
            In Mainland China
              — banks                                                                                            17,242                       22,773
              — non-bank financial institutions                                                                  87,500                      119,330
            Subtotal                                                                                            104,742                      142,103
            Outside Mainland China
              — banks                                                                                            62,377                       61,306
            Subtotal                                                                                             62,377                       61,306
            Accrued interest                                                                                       1,358                        1,219
            Gross balance                                                                                       168,477                      204,628
            Less: Allowances for impairment losses                              32                                  (97)                         (81)
            Net balance                                                                                         168,380                      204,547




                                                                                                                                2020 Annual Report           227
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      19 Placements with and loans to banks and non-bank financial institutions (Continued)
             (b)      Analysed by remaining maturity
                                                                                                 31 December                 31 December
                                                                           Notes                        2020                        2019
                       Within one month                                                                    86,315                126,867
                       Between one month and one year                                                      74,604                 62,092
                       Over one year                                                                        6,200                 14,450
                       Accrued interest                                                                     1,358                  1,219
                       Gross balance                                                                   168,477                   204,628
                       Less: Allowances for impairment losses                 32                           (97)                      (81)
                       Net balance                                                                     168,380                   204,547


      20 Derivatives
             Derivatives include forward, swap and option transactions undertaken by the Group in foreign exchange, precious metals,
             interest rate and credit derivatives related to trading, asset and liability management and customer initiated transactions.
             The Group, through the operations of its branch network, acts as an intermediary for a wide range of customers for
             structuring deals to offer risk management solutions to match individual customer needs. These positions are actively
             managed through hedging transactions with external parties to ensure the Group’s net exposures are within acceptable
             risk levels. The Group also uses these derivatives for proprietary trading purposes and to manage its own asset and
             liability and structural positions. Derivatives, except for those which are designated as hedging instruments (Note 20
             (c)), are held for trading. Derivatives classified as held for trading are for trading and customer initiated transactions
             purpose, and those for risk management purposes but do not meet the criteria for hedge accounting.

             The contractual/notional amounts of derivatives provide a basis for comparison with fair values of derivatives recognised
             on the consolidated statement of financial position but do not necessarily indicate the amounts of future cash flows
             involved or the current fair values of the derivatives and, therefore, do not indicate the Group’s exposure to credit or
             market risks.

                                                        31 December 2020                               31 December 2019
                                                 Nominal                                        Nominal
                                                  amount         Assets        Liabilities       amount         Assets           Liabilities
              Hedging instruments (Note
                20 (c))
               — interest rate derivatives             —              —                —           2,890               15                17
              Non-Hedging instruments
               — interest rate derivatives     3,058,057           9,395            9,138      2,883,406             5,188           5,159
               — currency derivatives          1,977,918          30,363           30,588      1,513,070            11,700          10,928
               — precious metal derivatives       19,245             306               83         12,715               214             732
              Total                            5,055,220          40,064           39,809      4,412,081            17,117          16,836


             (a)      Nominal amount analysed by remaining maturity
                                                                                               31 December                   31 December
                                                                                                      2020                          2019
                       Within three months                                                         1,953,495                   1,746,119
                       Between three months and one year                                           2,054,168                   1,753,923
                       Between one year and five years                                             1,020,240                     896,911
                       Over five years                                                                27,317                      15,128
                       Total                                                                       5,055,220                   4,412,081




228   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



20 Derivatives (Continued)
     (b)   Credit risk weighted amounts
           The credit risk weighted amount has been computed in accordance with the Regulation Governing Capital of
           Commercial Banks (Provisional) promulgated by the CBIRC in the year of 2012, and depends on the status of
           the counterparties and the maturity characteristics of the instruments, including those customer-driven back-to-
           back transactions. As at 31 December 2020, the total amount of credit risk weighted amount for counterparty
           was RMB23,184 million (as at 31 December 2019: RMB14,631 million).

     (c)   Fair value hedge
           A subsidiary of the Group utilises fair value hedge to eliminate the effect of fair value changes of financial assets
           and financial liabilities caused by market interest rate fluctuations. Interest rate swap contracts are used for
           hedging interest risks arising from debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income, certificates
           of deposit and subordinated bonds issued.

21 Financial assets held under resale agreements
     (a)   Analysed by types and locations of counterparties
                                                                                        31 December             31 December
                                                                  Notes                        2020                    2019
            In Mainland China
              — banks                                                                          60,598                 10,001
              — non-bank financial institutions                                                50,409                     —
            Subtotal                                                                          111,007                 10,001
            Outside Mainland China
              — banks                                                                              146                     —
            Accrued interest                                                                        13                     —
            Gross balance                                                                     111,166                 10,001
            Less: Allowance for impairment losses                   32                            (56)                   (47)
            Net balance                                                                       111,110                   9,954


     (b)   Analysed by types of collateral
                                                                                        31 December             31 December
                                                                  Notes                        2020                    2019
            Debt securities                                                                   109,655                 10,001
            Discounted bills                                                                    1,498                     —
            Subtotal                                                                          111,153                 10,001
            Accrued interest                                                                        13                     —
            Gross balance                                                                     111,166                 10,001
            Less: Allowance for impairment losses                   32                             (56)                   (47)
            Net balance                                                                       111,110                   9,954


     (c)   Analysed by remaining maturity
           As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, the financial assets held under resale agreements of the Group
           all mature within one month.




                                                                                                           2020 Annual Report      229
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      22 Loans and advances to customers
             (a)   Analysed by nature
                                                                          31 December    31 December
                                                                  Notes          2020           2019
                     Loans and advances to customers at
                       amortised cost
                     Corporate loans and advances
                       — loans                                              2,124,014      1,911,597
                       — discounted bills                                       2,300          3,787
                       — finance lease receivables and payment
                            for resale arrangement                             43,690         43,000
                     Subtotal                                               2,170,004      1,958,384
                     Personal loans and advances
                       — residential mortgages                                916,320        776,657
                       — credit cards                                         485,600        514,657
                       — business loans                                       284,174        227,102
                       — personal consumption                                 198,682        205,483
                     Subtotal                                               1,884,776      1,723,899
                     Accrued interest                                          12,592         10,104
                     Gross balance                                          4,067,372      3,692,387
                     Less: Allowances for impairment losses on
                       loans                                        32
                       — principal                                           (125,552)      (115,403)
                       — interest                                                (151)           (86)
                     Loans and advances to customers at
                       amortised cost, net                                  3,941,669      3,576,898
                     Loans and advances to customers at fair
                       value through other comprehensive
                       income
                       — loans                                                  2,696            922
                       — discounted bills                                     408,707        307,867
                     Carrying amount of loans and advances at
                       fair value through other comprehensive
                       income                                                 411,403        308,789
                       — fair value changes through other
                           comprehensive income                                    (5)           (48)




230   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



22 Loans and advances to customers (Continued)
    (a)   Analysed by nature (Continued)
                                                                                     31 December             31 December
                                                                Notes                       2020                    2019
           Loans and advances to customers at fair
             value through profit or loss
           Personal loans and advances
             — residential mortgages                                                        7,124                    6,915
           Total                                                                       4,360,196                3,892,602
           Allowances for impairment losses on loans
             and advances to customers at fair value
             through other comprehensive income                   32                         (548)                    (467)


    (b)   Analysed by assessment method of allowance for impairment losses
                                                                         31 December 2020
                                                 Stage one              Stage two      Stage three                   Total
                                                                                         (Note (i))
           Gross loans and advances to
             customers at amortised costs       3,874,406                101,971             78,403             4,054,780
           Accrued interest                        10,899                  1,513                180                12,592
           Less: Allowance for
             impairment losses                       (43,196)            (29,523)           (52,984)             (125,703)
           Carrying amount of loans
             and advances to customers
             measured at amortised cost         3,842,109                 73,961             25,599             3,941,669
           Carrying amount of loans
             and advances to customers
             at fair value through other
             comprehensive income                    411,313                  81                     9            411,403
           Total                                4,253,422                 74,042             25,608             4,353,072
           Allowance for impairment
             losses on loans and
             advances to customers at
             fair value through other
             comprehensive income                       (538)                  (4)                  (6)              (548)




                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report   231
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      22 Loans and advances to customers (Continued)
             (b)   Analysed by assessment method of allowance for impairment losses (Continued)
                                                                                                      31 December 2019
                                                                           Stage one                 Stage two      Stage three                 Total
                                                                                                                     (Note (i))
                     Gross loans and advances to
                       customers at amortised costs                       3,516,330                      96,397               69,556        3,682,283
                     Accrued interest                                         9,320                         773                   11           10,104
                     Less: Allowance for
                       impairment losses                                     (35,562)                  (26,088)              (53,839)       (115,489)
                     Carrying amount of loans
                       and advances to customers
                       measured at amortised cost                         3,490,088                      71,082               15,728        3,576,898
                     Carrying amount of loans
                       and advances to customers
                       at fair value through other
                       comprehensive income                                  308,712                           48                     29     308,789
                     Total                                                3,798,800                      71,130               15,757        3,885,687
                     Allowance for impairment
                       losses on loans and
                       advances to customers at
                       fair value through other
                       comprehensive income                                      (453)                         —                     (14)        (467)

                   Notes:


                   (i)       Stage 3 loans are loans and advances to customers that have incurred credit impairment.


                                                                                                                       31 December          31 December
                                                                                                                             2020                 2019

                               Secured portion                                                                              50,165               41,596
                               Unsecured portion                                                                            28,247               27,989

                               Gross balance                                                                                78,412               69,585

                               Allowance for impairment losses                                                             (52,990)             (53,853)



                             As at 31 December 2020, the maximum exposure covered by pledge and collateral held of secured portion
                             is RMB48,629 million (as at 31 December 2019: RMB40,206 million).

                             The fair value of collateral was estimated by management based on the latest revaluation including
                             available external valuation, if any, adjusted by taking into account the current realisation experience as
                             well as market situation.




232   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



22 Loans and advances to customers (Continued)
    (c)   Overdue loans analysed by overdue period
                                                                        31 December 2020
                                                            Overdue              Overdue
                                                       between three         between one
                                       Overdue within months and one       year and three   Overdue over
                                         three months           year                years     three years            Total
           Unsecured loans                    16,475            9,231               453                449          26,608
           Guaranteed loans                    3,536            7,703             2,713                305          14,257
           Loans with pledged assets
             — loans secured by
               collateral                      9,276           17,006            11,050               1,007         38,339
             — pledged loans                   8,998              663             1,803                 292         11,756
           Total                              38,285           34,603            16,019               2,053         90,960

                                                                       31 December 2019
                                                              Overdue
                                                         between three         Overdue
                                       Overdue within   months and one between one year      Overdue over
                                         three months             year and three years         three years            Total
           Unsecured loans                    17,173           10,511              1,507               144          29,335
           Guaranteed loans                   10,353            6,350              4,191               230          21,124
           Loans with pledged assets
             — loans secured by
               collateral                     23,901           11,134            10,810               2,012         47,857
             — pledged loans                   2,439            1,865             1,288                 101          5,693
           Total                              53,866           29,860            17,796               2,487        104,009

          Overdue loans represent loans of which the principal or interest are overdue one day or more.

    (d)   Finance lease receivables and Payment for resale arrangement
          Finance lease receivables and payment for resale arrangement transactions are attributable to the Group’s
          subsidiaries, CITIC Financial Leasing Limited (“CFLL”) and CITIC International Finance Holdings Limited
          (“CIFH”), include net investment in machines and equipment leased to customers under finance lease and hire
          purchase contracts which have the characteristics of finance leases. These contracts usually run for an initial
          period from 1 to 25 years. The total finance lease receivables and payment for resale arrangement transactions
          under finance lease and hire purchase contracts and their present values are as follows:

                                                                                     31 December              31 December
                                                                                            2020                     2019
           Within one year (including one year)                                             11,128                 11,619
           One year to two years (including two years)                                      10,207                  9,935
           Two years to three years (including three years)                                  7,933                  6,689
           Over three years                                                                 14,422                 14,757
           Gross balance                                                                    43,690                 43,000
           Less: Allowance for impairment losses
             — stage one                                                                      (738)                   (690)
             — stage two                                                                    (1,204)                 (1,153)
             — stage three                                                                  (1,180)                   (150)
           Net balance                                                                      40,568                 41,007




                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report   233
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      23 Financial investments
             (a)   Analysed by types
                                                                          31 December    31 December
                                                                  Notes          2020           2019
                     Financial assets at fair value through
                       profit or loss
                     Investment funds                                         286,800        218,491
                     Debt securities                                           55,394         42,870
                     Certificates of deposit                                   49,934         46,792
                     Equity instruments                                         9,105          8,424
                     WMPs and investments through structured
                       entities                                                 4,399           952
                     Trust investment plans                                        —             17
                     Net balance                                              405,632        317,546
                     Financial assets at amortised cost
                     Debt securities                                          702,435        574,644
                     Investment management products managed
                       by securities companies                                 70,038        186,217
                     Trust investment plans                                   190,517        160,248
                     Subtotal                                                 962,990        921,109
                     Accrued interest                                          10,196          9,901
                     Less: Allowance for impairment losses          32        (13,770)        (6,776)
                       — principles                                           (13,737)        (6,758)
                       — accrued interests                                        (33)           (18)
                     Net balance                                              959,416        924,234
                     Financial assets at fair value through
                       other comprehensive income (Note(i))
                     Debt securities                                          678,886        616,794
                     Targeted Asset Management Plan                            34,298             —
                     Certificates of deposit                                    4,370          4,866
                     Subtotal                                                 717,554        621,660
                     Accrued interest                                           6,570          7,120
                     Net balance                                              724,124        628,780
                     Allowances for impairment losses on
                       financial investments at fair value
                       through other comprehensive income           32         (2,651)        (1,631)
                     Financial assets designated at fair value
                       through other comprehensive income
                       (Note(i))                                                3,560          3,036
                     Total                                                  2,092,732      1,873,596




234   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



23 Financial investments (Continued)
    (a)   Analysed by types (Continued)
          Notes:


          (i)       Financial investments at fair value through other comprehensive income


                                                                                                            31 December 2020
                                                                                                                  Debt security
                                                                       Notes        Equity instruments             instruments                 Total

                      Costs/Amortised cost                                                        4,798                716,980               721,778
                      Fair value change on accumulated into other
                         comprehensive income                                                     (1,238)                   574                 (664)
                      Fair value                                                                  3,560                717,554               721,114

                      Allowance for impairment losses                    32                                              (2,651)              (2,651)


                                                                                                            31 December 2019
                                                                                                                   Debt security
                                                                       Notes         Equity instruments             instruments                 Total

                      Costs/Amortised cost                                                         4,140                614,035              618,175
                      Fair value change on accumulated into other
                         comprehensive income                                                     (1,104)                 7,625                6,521
                      Fair value                                                                   3,036               621,660               624,696

                      Allowance for impairment losses                    32                                              (1,631)               (1,631)



    (b)   Analysed by location of counterparties
                                                                                                            31 December               31 December
                                                                                       Notes                       2020                      2019
            In Mainland China
              — governments                                                                                      821,990                   653,797
              — policy banks                                                                                     118,751                    98,832
              — banks and non-bank financial institutions                                                        974,913                   916,083
              — policy entity                                                                                         27                        —
              — corporates                                                                                        89,309                   102,415
            Subtotal                                                                                           2,004,990                 1,771,127
            Outside Mainland China
             — governments                                                                                         18,432                   20,986
             — banks and non-bank financial institutions                                                           36,682                   42,069
             — public entities                                                                                      1,967                      340
             — corporates                                                                                          27,665                   28,829
            Subtotal                                                                                               84,746                   92,224
            Accrued interest                                                                                       16,766                   17,021
            Total                                                                                              2,106,502                 1,880,372
            Less: Impairment allowance for financial assets at
              amortised cost                                                                 32                   (13,770)                   (6,776)
            Net balance                                                                                        2,092,732                 1,873,596
            Listed in Hong Kong                                                                                   49,355                    44,990
            Listed outside Hong Kong                                                                           1,702,808                 1,436,126
            Unlisted                                                                                             340,569                   392,480
            Total                                                                                              2,092,732                 1,873,596

          Bonds traded in China’s inter-bank bond market are listed outside Hong Kong.

                                                                                                                                   2020 Annual Report    235
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      23 Financial investments (Continued)
             (c)   Analysed by assessment method of allowance for impairment losses
                                                                                31 December 2020
                                                   Notes          Stage one    Stage two     Stage three         Total
                     Financial assets at
                       amortised costs                             930,932        4,120           27,938      962,990
                     Accrued interest                                9,998          198               —        10,196
                     Less: Allowance for
                       impairment losses             32              (3,378)       (500)          (9,892)      (13,770)
                     Net Balance                                   937,552        3,818           18,046      959,416
                     Financial assets at fair
                       value through other
                       comprehensive income                        716,969          131              454      717,554
                     Accrued interest                                6,536            1               33        6,570
                     Net Balance                                   723,505          132              487      724,124
                     Total carrying amount of
                       financial assets affected
                       by credit risk                             1,661,057       3,950           18,533     1,683,540
                     Allowance for
                        impairment losses of
                        other debt instruments
                        included in other
                        comprehensive income                         (1,503)         (1)          (1,147)       (2,651)

                                                                                31 December 2019
                                                   Notes          Stage one    Stage two      Stage three        Total
                     Financial assets at
                       amortised costs                             901,695       10,716            8,698      921,109
                     Accrued interest                                9,825           76               —         9,901
                     Less: Allowance for
                       impairment losses             32              (3,614)       (334)           (2,828)      (6,776)
                     Net Balance                                   907,906       10,458            5,870      924,234
                     Financial assets at fair
                       value through other
                       comprehensive income                        621,337          123              200      621,660
                     Accrued interest                                7,120           —                —         7,120
                     Net Balance                                   628,457          123              200      628,780
                     Total carrying amount of
                       financial assets affected
                       by credit risk                             1,536,363      10,581            6,070     1,553,014
                     Allowance for
                        impairment losses of
                        other debt instruments
                        included in other
                        comprehensive income                         (1,331)         (3)            (297)       (1,631)




236   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                   Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                    (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



24 Investments in associates and joint ventures
                                                                                                                31 December                    31 December
                                                                                    Notes                              2020                           2019
     Investments in joint ventures                                                    (a)                                  5,044                          2,914
     Investments in associates                                                        (b)                                    630                            758
     Total                                                                                                                 5,674                          3,672


    (a)      Investment in joint ventures
             The details of the joint ventures as at 31 December 2020 were as follows:

                                                 Form of                                           Effective                                  Nominal value
                                                 business             Place of                 percentage of         Principal                of issued
               Name of company                   structure            incorporation                   shares         activities               shares
               CITIC aiBank                      Corporation          Mainland                          65.7%        Financial services       RMB5.634
                 Corporation Limited                                   China                                                                   billion
                 (“CITIC aiBank”)
                 (Note(i))
               JSC Altyn Bank                    Corporation          Kazakhstan                        50.1%        Financial services       KZT 7.05
                 Corporation Limited.                                                                                                           billion
                 (“JSC Altyn Bank”)
                 (Note(ii))

             Notes:


             (i)      On 23 November 2020, the CBIRC issued the Decisions regarding the Capital Increase Plan of CITIC aiBank and the Shareholder Qualifications
                      to approve CITIC aiBank’s plan to issue up to RMB1.634 billion additional shares and engagement of Canada Pension Plan Investment Co., Ltd.
                      as a new shareholder. The capital increase will increase CITIC aiBank’s registered capital from RMB4 billion to RMB5.634 billion, and reduce
                      the shareholding of CITIC Bank from 70% to 65.7%. According to the Articles of Association of CITIC aiBank, major events of CITIC aiBank
                      shall be subject to the joint approval of the Bank and another shareholder Fujian Borui Network Technology Company Limited (hereinafter
                      referred to as Fujian Borui).


             (ii)     According to the Articles of Association of JSC Altyn Bank, decisions regarding all major activities of JSC Altyn Bank shall be subject to the
                      joint approval of the Bank and the other shareholder, the JSC Halyk Bank of Kazakhstan.




                                                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report            237
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      24 Investments in associates and joint ventures (Continued)
             (a)   Investment in joint ventures (Continued)
                   Financial statements of the joint ventures are as follow:

                                                                          As at or for the year ended 2020
                                                                                                          Operating
                     Name of Enterprise           Total assets   Total liabilities Total net assets         income         Net (loss)/gain
                     CITIC aiBank                     66,473              59,900               6,573              1,723              (388)
                     JSC Altyn Bank                    9,250               8,134               1,116                460               266

                                                                            As at or for the year ended 2019
                                                                                                               Operating
                     Name of Enterprise           Total assets    Total liabilities   Total net assets           income    Net (loss)/gain
                     CITIC aiBank                      58,865              55,620               3,245             2,373                20
                     JSC Altyn Bank                     9,520               8,487               1,033               472               259

                   Movement of the Group’s interests in the joint venture:

                                                                                                 Year ended 31             Year ended 31
                                                                                                          2020                      2019
                     Initial investment cost                                                             5,256                     3,229
                     As at 1 January                                                                     2,914                     2,759
                     Additions                                                                           2,027                        —
                     Other changes in equity                                                               235                        —
                     Share of net (loss)/gain of the joint ventures for the year                          (131)                      154
                     Exchange difference                                                                    (1)                        1
                     As at 31 December                                                                   5,044                     2,914




238   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



24 Investments in associates and joint ventures (Continued)
     (b)   Investment in associates
           The Group holds its investment in associates through subsidiaries and details of the associates as at 31 December
           2020 was as follows:

                                                                                     Effective
                                                                                   percentage
                                                                                of shares and
                                      Form of                                    voting right                         Nominal value
                                      business             Place of               held by the     Principal           of issued
            Name of company           structure            incorporation               Group      activities          shares
            CITIC International       Corporation          Hong Kong                      46%     Investment          HKD2,218
              Assets Management                                                                     holding            million
              Limited (“CIAM”)                                                                      and assets
                                                                                                    management
            Binhai (Tianjin)          Corporation          Mainland                       20%     Services and        RMB500
              Financial Assets                              China                                   investment         million
              Exchange Company
              Limited (“BFAE”)

           Financial statements of the associates are as follow:

                                                                   As at or for the year ended 2020
                                                                                                   Operating
            Name of Enterprise           Total assets     Total liabilities Total net assets         income           Net (loss)/gain
            CIAM                                  1,246                144              1,102                   42                (78)
            BFAE                                    479                 63                416                  275                 15

                                                                     As at or for the year ended 2019
                                                                                                        Operating
            Name of Enterprise            Total assets     Total liabilities   Total net assets           income      Net (loss)/gain
            CIAM                                  1,540                172               1,368                 (38)              (133)
            BFAE                                    428                 26                 402                 150                (50)

           Movement of the Group’s interests in associates:

                                                                                          Year ended 31               Year ended 31
                                                                                                   2020                        2019
            Initial investment cost                                                                 1,168                     1,168
            As at 1 January                                                                           758                     1,122
            Changes in investment in associates                                                        —                       (321)
            Share of net loss of associates for the year                                              (98)                      (52)
            Other changes in equity                                                                     4                        —
            Exchange difference                                                                       (34)                        9
            As at 31 December                                                                         630                        758




                                                                                                                 2020 Annual Report      239
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      25 Investment in subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                31 December                       31 December
                                                                                                Notes                                  2020                              2019
               Investment in subsidiaries
                 — CITIC international financial holdings
                      limited (“CIFH”)                                                            (i)                                     16,570                           16,570
                 — CNCB (Hong Kong) Investment Limited
                      (“CNCB Investment”)                                                        (ii)                                       1,577                             1,577
                 — Zhejiang Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank
                      Corporation Limited (“Lin’an Rural
                      Bank”)                                                                    (iii)                                           102                              102
                 — CITIC financial leasing CO., LTD
                      (“CFLL”)                                                                   (iv)                                       4,000                             4,000
                 — CITIC Wealth Management CO., LTD
                      (“CITIC Wealth”)                                                           (v)                                        5,000                                  —
               Total                                                                                                                      27,249                           22,249

             Major subsidiaries of the Bank as at 31 December 2020 are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                  % of ownership
                                                                           Particulars of the                                  % of ownership              held by
                                    Principal place       Place of         issued and paid up                                  directly held by subsidiaries of the       The Group’s
               Name of entity       of business           incorporation    capital              Principal activities                  the Bank                Bank    effective interest
               CIFH (Note (i))      Hong Kong             Hong Kong        HKD7,503 million     Commercial banking and                  100%                    —                100%
                                                                                                    other financial services
               CNCB Investment      Hong Kong             Hong Kong        HKD1,889 million     Investment and lending                 99.05%               0.71%              99.76%
                   (Note (ii))                                                                      services
               Lin’an Rural Bank    Mainland China        Mainland China   RMB200 million       Commercial banking                        51%                   —                  51%
                   (Note (iii))
               CFLL (Note (iv))     Mainland China        Mainland China   RMB4,000 million     Financial lease operations              100%                    —                100%
               CITIC Wealth (Note   Mainland China        Mainland China   RMB5,000 million     Wealth management                       100%                    —                100%
                   (v))

             Notes:


             (i)       CIFH is an investment holding company registered and headquartered in Hong Kong. Its business scope through its subsidiaries covers commercial banking
                       and other financial services. The Bank holds 100% shareholding in CIFH. CIFH holds 75% shareholding in CITIC Bank International Limited (“CBI”).


             (ii)      CNCB (Hong Kong) Investment Limited (CNCB Investment), founded in Hong Kong in 1984, formerly China Investment and Finance Limited,
                       incorporated and operating in Hong Kong, holds a money lending licence issued by the Hong Kong Company Registry, and also the No.1, 4, 6 and 9
                       licenses from Hong Kong Securities Regulatory Commission through its wholly-owned subsidiary CNCB (Hong Kong) Capital Limited. The business
                       scope of CNCB Investment includes investment banking, capital market investment, lending and other related services. The Bank holds 99.05% of the
                       equity shares and voting rights in CNCB Investment, and CITIC International Financial Holding Limited (CIFH) holds the remaining 0.71% of the
                       equity interests. Through indirect shareholding, the Bank effectively holds 99.76% of the equity shares in CNCB Investment.


             (iii)     Lin’an Rural Bank was founded in Zhejiang Province of Mainland China in 2011 with a registered capital of RMB200 million. Its principal activities are
                       commercial banking related businesses. The Bank holds 51% of Lin’an Rural Bank’s shares and voting rights.


             (iv)      The Bank established CFLL in 2015 with a registered capital of RMB4 billion. Its principal business activities are financial leasing. The Bank holds 100%
                       of its shares and voting rights.


             (v)       CITIC Wealth was established in 2020 with a registered capital of RMB5 billion. Its principal business operation is wealth management. The Bank holds
                       100% of its shares and voting rights.




240   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



26 Investment properties
                                                                                    31 December             31 December
                                                                                           2020                    2019
     Fair value as at 1 January                                                               426                     443
     Change in fair value                                                                     (69)                    (15)
     Transfers in/(out)                                                                        52                     (10)
     Exchange difference                                                                      (23)                      8
     Fair value as at 31 December                                                             386                     426

    Investment properties of the Group are buildings held by subsidiaries and mainly located in Hong Kong and leased to
    third parties through operating leases. There are active real estate markets where the investment properties are located
    and the Group is able to obtain market price and related information of similar properties, and therefore makes
    estimation about the fair value of the investment properties as at 31 December 2020.

    All investment properties of the Group were revalued at 31 December 2020 by an independent firm of surveyors,
    Prudential Surveyors Hong Kong Limited, on an open market value basis. The fair value is in line with the definition
    of “IFRS13 – Fair value measurement”. The revaluation surplus has been recognised in the profit or loss for the current
    year. Prudential Surveyors Hong Kong Limited has among their staff Fellows of the Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors
    with recent experience in the location and category of properties being valued.

    The investment properties of the Group are categorised into Level 3.

27 Property, plant and equipment
                                                                                          Computer
                                                                  Construction in     equipment and
                                                    Buildings            progress            others                 Total
     Cost or deemed cost:
     As at 1 January 2020                              22,599               1,616              11,768              35,983
     Additions (Note (i))                              11,098                 562               1,979              13,639
     Transfer out in current year                         (55)                 —                   —                  (55)
     Disposals                                            (63)                 —                 (804)               (867)
     Exchange differences                                 (32)                 —                  (53)                (85)
     As at 31 December 2020                            33,547               2,178              12,890              48,615
     Accumulated depreciation:
     As at 1 January 2020                              (5,524)                  —              (8,087)            (13,611)
     Depreciation charges                                (845)                  —              (1,141)             (1,986)
     Transfer in in current year                            3                   —                  —                    3
     Disposals                                             31                   —                 756                 787
     Exchange differences                                  17                   —                  43                  60
     As at 31 December 2020                            (6,318)                  —              (8,429)            (14,747)
     Net carrying value:
     As at 1 January 2020                              17,075               1,616               3,681              22,372
     As at 31 December 2020 (Note (ii))                27,229               2,178               4,461              33,868




                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report    241
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      27 Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
                                                                                                                                Computer
                                                                                                      Construction in       equipment and
                                                                                Buildings                    progress              others                           Total
               Cost or deemed cost:
               As at 1 January 2019                                                 21,885                     1,288                   10,839                     34,012
               Additions                                                               496                       799                    1,612                      2,907
               Transfer in/(out) in current year                                       471                      (471)                      —                          —
               Disposals                                                              (263)                       —                      (702)                      (965)
               Exchange differences                                                     10                        —                        19                         29
               As at 31 December 2019                                               22,599                     1,616                   11,768                     35,983
               Accumulated depreciation:
               As at 1 January 2019                                                 (4,949)                       —                     (7,678)                  (12,627)
               Depreciation charges                                                   (694)                       —                     (1,048)                   (1,742)
               Disposals                                                               125                        —                        656                       781
               Exchange differences                                                     (6)                       —                        (17)                      (23)
               As at 31 December 2019                                               (5,524)                       —                     (8,087)                  (13,611)
               Net carrying value:
               As at 1 January 2019                                                 16,936                     1,288                     3,161                    21,385
               As at 31 December 2019 (Note (ii))                                   17,075                     1,616                     3,681                    22,372

             Notes:


             (i)      The Group purchased the 6th to 30th floors and 32nd to 42nd floors of the CITIC Tower from its related party CITIC Heye Investment Co., Ltd., and
                      capitalized them in 2020 in the amount of RMB10,842 million.


             (ii)     As at 31 December 2020, the registration transfer process of certain buildings acquired has not been completed, and the net book value of such buildings
                      was approximately RMB11,899 million (as at 31 December 2019: RMB1,211 million). The Group believes the incomplete registration procedure does
                      not affect the rights of the Group as the legal successor to these buildings.




242   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
              Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



28 Right-of-use assets
                                                                                                                      Vehicles and
                                                  Buildings        Land use right              Equipments                   others                      Total
      Cost or deemed cost:
      As at 1 January 2020                           14,501                    1,219                     126                       47                 15,893
      Additions                                       3,109                        2                       7                       18                  3,136
      Reductions                                     (1,420)                      —                      (20)                     (12)                (1,452)
      Exchange differences                              (44)                      —                       —                        —                     (44)
      As at 31 December 2020                         16,146                    1,221                     113                       53                 17,533
      Accumulated depreciation:
      As at 1 January 2020                            (3,186)                   (267)                     (39)                    (11)                (3,503)
      Accrual                                         (3,287)                    (31)                     (35)                    (11)                (3,364)
      Reductions                                         847                      —                        17                       6                    870
      Exchange differences                                20                      —                        —                       —                      20
      As at 31 December 2020                          (5,606)                   (298)                     (57)                    (16)                (5,977)
      Net carrying value:
      As at 1 January 2020                           11,315                      952                       87                      36                 12,390
      As at 31 December 2020                         10,540                      923                       56                      37                 11,556

                                                                                                                       Vehicles and
                                                  Buildings         Land use right              Equipments                   others                     Total
      Cost or deemed cost:
      As at 31 December 2018                             —                        —                        —                       —                      —
      Change in accounting policy:                   12,145                    1,235                      125                      48                 13,553
      As at 1 January 2019                           12,145                    1,235                      125                      48                 13,553
      Additions                                       2,485                       —                         7                      —                   2,492
      Reductions                                       (146)                     (16)                      (6)                     (1)                  (169)
      Exchange differences                               17                       —                        —                       —                      17
      As at 31 December 2019                         14,501                    1,219                      126                      47                 15,893
      Accumulated depreciation:
      As at 31 December 2018                               —                      —                        —                       —                       —
      Change in accounting policy:                         —                    (242)                      —                       —                     (242)
      As at 1 January 2019                                —                     (242)                      —                       —                    (242)
      Accrual                                         (3,194)                    (30)                     (40)                    (11)                (3,275)
      Reductions                                          10                       5                        1                      —                      16
      Exchange differences                                (2)                     —                        —                       —                      (2)
      As at 31 December 2019                          (3,186)                   (267)                     (39)                    (11)                (3,503)
      Net carrying value:
      As at 1 January 2019                           12,145                      993                      125                      48                 13,311
      As at 31 December 2019                         11,315                      952                       87                      36                 12,390

    (i)     As at 31 December 2020, the balance of the Group’s lease liabilities amounted to RMB10,504 million (as at 31 December 2019: RMB10,896 million),
            including RMB3,245 million (as at 31 December 2019: RMB3,176 million) of lease liabilities that will mature within a year.


    (ii)    As at 31 December 2020, lease payments relating to lease contracts signed but yet to be executed amounted to RMB157 million (as at 31 December 2019:
            RMB113 million).


    (iii)   For the year ended 31 December 2020, the lease expense of short-term leases with a lease term of no more than 12 months and leases of assets with low
            values when new amounted to RMB460 million (as at 31 December 2019: RMB662 million).




                                                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report         243
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      29 Goodwill
                                                                                          31 December           31 December
                                                                                                 2020                  2019
              As at 1 January                                                                     912                      896
              Exchange difference                                                                 (52)                      16
              As at 31 December                                                                   860                      912

             Based on the result of impairment test, no impairment losses on goodwill were recognised as at 31 December 2020
             (as at 31 December 2019: Nil).

      30 Deferred tax assets/(liabilities)
                                                                                          31 December           31 December
                                                                                                 2020                  2019
              Deferred tax assets                                                              41,913                  32,095
              Deferred tax liabilities                                                            (11)                    (10)
              Net                                                                              41,902                  32,085


             (a)    Analysed by nature and jurisdiction
                                                            31 December 2020                     31 December 2019
                                                         Deductible/                          Deductible/
                                                            (taxable)        Deferred            (taxable)
                                                          temporary        tax assets/         temporary        Deferred tax
                                                          differences     (liabilities)        differences assets/(liabilities)
                     Deferred tax assets
                       — allowance for
                            impairment losses                159,950            39,870           129,678               32,209
                       — fair value adjustments               (4,555)           (1,103)          (11,559)              (2,865)
                       — employee retirement
                            benefits and salaries
                            payable                           10,316             2,579             10,202               2,551
                       — others                                2,347               567                985                 200
                     Subtotal                                168,058            41,913           129,306               32,095
                     Deferred tax liabilities
                       — fair value adjustments                   (63)             (11)                 (56)               (10)
                     Net                                     167,995            41,902           129,250               32,085


             (b)    Offsetting of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
                    As at 31 December 2020, the deferred tax assets/liabilities offset by the Group were RMB1,483 million (31
                    December 2019: RMB3,223 million).




244   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
               Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



30 Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) (Continued)
     (c)      Movement of deferred tax
                                                                              Employee
                                                                             retirement
                                         Allowance for                     benefits and
                                           impairment        Fair value    accrued staff                    Total deferred
                                                losses     adjustments              cost         Others                tax
               As at 1 January 2020            32,209           (2,875)           2,551              200           32,085
               Recognised in profit or
                 loss                           7,679              (63)              28              356            8,000
               Recognised in other
                 comprehensive income              —             1,821               —                 8            1,829
               Exchange differences               (18)               3               —                 3              (12)
               As at 31 December 2020          39,870           (1,114)           2,579              567           41,902
               As at 1 January 2019            23,729           (2,542)           1,857              114           23,158
               Recognised in profit or
                 loss                           8,371              (72)             676               81            9,056
               Recognised in other
                 comprehensive income             103             (261)              18                6             (134)
               Exchange differences                 6               —                —                (1)               5
               As at 31 December 2019          32,209           (2,875)           2,551              200           32,085


31 Other assets
                                                                                      31 December           31 December
                                                                 Notes                       2020                  2019
      Advanced payments and settlement accounts                                             21,123                37,614
      Prepayments for assets acquired for finance leases                                     8,833                 4,466
      Assets with continuing involvement                                                     7,124                 6,915
      Precious metal leasing                                                                 6,687                 3,071
      Interest receivables                                         (i)                       6,408                 5,360
      Fee and commission receivables                                                         5,591                   378
      Assets transfer receivables                                                            3,151                12,698
      Repossessed assets                                          (ii)                       1,367                 2,326
      Prepayments for properties and equipment                                                 971                11,721
      Leasehold improvements                                                                   638                   663
      Prepaid rent                                                                              14                    45
      Others                                                      (iii)                      5,136                 2,299
      Total                                                                                 67,043                87,556




                                                                                                       2020 Annual Report    245
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      31 Other assets (Continued)
             Notes:


             (i)      Interest receivable
                      Interest receivable represents interest on financial instruments due and receivable but not yet received as at the balance sheet date and is stated net of
                      corresponding impairment allowances. The Group’s interest receivable net of impairment allowances was RMB3,373 million.


             (ii)     Repossessed assets
                                                                                                                                 31 December                    31 December
                                                                                                 Notes                                    2020                          2019

                        Premises                                                                                                         2,688                          3,491
                        Others                                                                                                                2                             3

                        Gross balance                                                                                                    2,690                          3,494

                        Less: Allowance for impairment losses                                       32                                  (1,323)                        (1,168)

                        Net balance                                                                                                      1,367                          2,326



                      As at 31 December 2020, the Group intended to dispose all of the repossessed assets, and had no plan to transfer the repossessed assets for own use (as
                      at 31 December 2019: None).


             (iii)    Others
                      Others include provisional legal costs for lawyers, other prepayments, other receivables, etc.


      32 Movements of allowance for impairment losses
                                                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                                      Charge/
                                                                                   As at 1       (reversal) for    Write-offs/                                    As at 31
                                                                Notes             January             the year    transfer out       Others                      December
                                                                                                                                    Notes(i)
               Allowance for credit impairment losses
               Deposits with bank and non-bank
                  financial institutions                          18                   142                   (10)                —                    (2)                130
               Placements with and loans to banks and
                  non-bank financial institutions                 19                     81                   19                 —                    (3)                 97
               Financial assets held under resale
                  agreements                                      21                   47                     9                —                      —                 56
               Loans and advances to customers                    22              115,870                69,285           (69,129)                10,074           126,100
               Financial investments                              23
                 — at amortised cost                                                 6,758                7,436               (453)                   (4)            13,737
                 — at fair value through other
                        comprehensive income                                         1,631                1,057                  —                   (37)             2,651
               Other financial assets and accrued
                  interest                                                           4,048                3,575             (3,450)                 807               4,980
               Off balance sheet credit assets                    40                 5,646                1,106                 —                   (27)              6,725
               Subtotal                                                           134,223                82,477           (73,032)                10,808           154,476
               Allowance for impairment losses on
                  other assets
               Other assets – repossessed assets                                     1,168                  512               (361)                    4              1,323
               Subtotal                                                              1,168                  512               (361)                    4              1,323




246   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                 Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                       (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



32 Movements of allowance for impairment losses (Continued)
                                                                                                Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                              Charge/
                                                                                         (reversal) for     Write-offs/                        As at 31
                                                        Notes As at 1 January                 the year     transfer out      Others           December
                                                                                                                            Notes(i)
      Allowance for credit impairment losses
      Deposits with bank and non-bank
         financial institutions                           18                    74                   67                —              1            142
      Placements with and loans to banks and
         non-bank financial institutions                  19                   165                  (84)              —              —              81
      Financial assets held under resale
         agreements                                       21                   4                    43                 —              —              47
      Loans and advances to customers                     22             101,154                68,793            (60,686)         6,609        115,870
      Financial investments                               23
        — at amortised cost                                                  3,355               3,589              (186)            —            6,758
        — at fair value through other
               comprehensive income                                          1,039                  678               (90)            4           1,631
      Other financial assets and accrued
         interest                                                          12,072                2,493            (10,387)         (130)          4,048
      Off balance sheet credit assets                     40                4,543                1,100                 —              3           5,646
      Subtotal                                                           122,406                76,679            (71,349)         6,487        134,223
      Allowance for impairment losses on
         other assets
      Other assets – repossessed assets                                        725                  576             (205)            72           1,168
      Subtotal                                                                 725                  576             (205)            72           1,168

    The impairment losses of accrued interest of the financial instruments in this table and its changes are included in
    “Other financial assets and accrued interest”.

    Note:


    (i)       Others include recovery of loans written off, and effect of exchange differences during the year.


33 Deposits from banks and non-bank financial institutions
    Analysed by types and locations of counterparties
                                                                                                                  31 December              31 December
                                                                                                                         2020                     2019
      In Mainland China
        — banks                                                                                                       306,923                  288,439
        — non-bank financial institutions                                                                             852,671                  658,614
      Subtotal                                                                                                      1,159,594                  947,053
      Outside Mainland China
       — banks                                                                                                               520                 1,300
       — non-bank financial institutions                                                                                      19                    59
      Subtotal                                                                                                               539                 1,359
      Accrued interest                                                                                                     3,508                 2,710
      Total                                                                                                         1,163,641                  951,122




                                                                                                                                     2020 Annual Report   247
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      34 Placements from banks and non-bank financial institutions
             Analysed by types and locations of counterparties
                                                                                               31 December             31 December
                                                                                                      2020                    2019
              In Mainland China
                — banks                                                                               44,848                  45,488
                — non-bank financial institutions                                                      1,291                  35,562
              Subtotal                                                                                46,139                  81,050
              Outside Mainland China
               — banks                                                                                11,408                  11,109
              Accrued interest                                                                           209                     380
              Total                                                                                   57,756                  92,539


      35 Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements
             (a)      Analysed by type and location of counterparties
                                                                                               31 December             31 December
                                                                                                      2020                    2019
                       In Mainland China
                         — PBOC                                                                       39,213                  65,329
                         — banks                                                                      36,058                  46,486
                       Subtotal                                                                       75,271                111,815
                       Accrued interest                                                                   —                       23
                       Total                                                                          75,271                111,838


             (b)      Analysed by type of collateral
                                                                                               31 December             31 December
                                                                                                      2020                    2019
                       Discounted bills                                                               68,295                  76,229
                       Debt securities                                                                 6,976                  35,586
                       Accrued interest                                                                   —                       23
                       Total                                                                          75,271                111,838

                      The Group did not derecognise financial assets transferred as collateral in connection with financial assets sold
                      under repurchase agreements. As at 31 December 2020, none of the legal title of the collateral pledged disclosed
                      in Note 52 has been transferred to counterparties.




248   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
             Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                             (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



36 Deposits from customers
    Analysed by nature:
                                                                                31 December              31 December
                                                                                       2020                     2019
     Demand deposits
       — corporate customers                                                        1,906,208               1,668,449
       — personal customers                                                           327,110                 275,526
     Subtotal                                                                       2,233,318               1,943,975
     Time and call deposits
       — corporate customers                                                        1,674,846               1,485,727
       — personal customers                                                           611,177                 602,644
     Subtotal                                                                       2,286,023               2,088,371
     Outward remittance and remittance payables                                        9,058                    6,474
     Accrued interest                                                                 43,887                   34,438
     Total                                                                          4,572,286               4,073,258


    Guarantee deposits included in above deposits:
                                                                                31 December              31 December
                                                                                       2020                     2019
     Bank acceptances                                                                223,387                  172,075
     Guarantees                                                                       11,277                   21,390
     Letters of credit                                                                11,036                   11,754
     Others                                                                          104,839                   93,315
     Total                                                                           350,539                  298,534


37 Accrued staff costs
                                                                    Year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                  Additions during Payments during            As at 31
                                    Notes         As at 1 January         the year         the year          December
     Short-term employee benefits    (a)                 20,512            27,157          (27,454)             20,215
     Post-employment benefits
       — defined contribution
              plans                  (b)                    318             2,414            (2,689)                43
     Post-employment benefits
       — defined benefit plans       (c)                     19                 1                 (2)               18
     Other long-term benefits                                75               107               (125)               57
     Total                                               20,924            29,679          (30,270)             20,333




                                                                                                      2020 Annual Report   249
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      37 Accrued staff costs (Continued)
                                                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                                     Additions during Payments during                       As at 31
                                                          Notes               As at 1 January                 the year        the year                     December
              Short-term employee benefits                  (a)                         19,548                  26,879                 (25,915)                20,512
              Post-employment benefits
                — defined contribution
                       plans                                (b)                               31                  2,679                  (2,392)                   318
              Post-employment benefits
                — defined benefit plans                     (c)                               35                     (14)                    (2)                    19
              Other long-term benefits                                                        97                      92                   (114)                    75
              Total                                                                     19,711                  29,636                 (28,423)                20,924


             (a)      Short-term employee benefits
                                                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                                             Additions      Payments                        As at 31
                                                               Notes            As at 1 January        during the year during the year                     December
                        Salaries and bonuses                      (i)                      19,731                 22,165                (22,460)               19,436
                        Social insurance                                                       65                  1,544                 (1,561)                   48
                        Welfare expenses                                                        1                  1,266                 (1,263)                    4
                        Housing fund                                                            9                  1,396                 (1,397)                    8
                        Labour union expenses
                          and employee
                          education expenses                                                   579                    475                   (486)                  568
                        Housing allowance                                                       54                      4                     (4)                   54
                        Others                                                                  73                    307                   (283)                   97
                        Total                                                              20,512                 27,157                (27,454)               20,215

                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                                 Additions during Payments during                           As at 31
                                                               Notes             As at 1 January          the year        the year                         December
                        Salaries and bonuses                      (i)                      18,560                 21,886                (20,715)               19,731
                        Social insurance                                                       45                  1,490                 (1,470)                   65
                        Welfare expenses                                                        2                  1,262                 (1,263)                    1
                        Housing fund                                                            8                  1,250                 (1,249)                    9
                        Labour union expenses
                          and employee
                          education expenses                                                   805                    462                   (688)                  579
                        Housing allowance                                                       54                      8                     (8)                   54
                        Others                                                                  74                    521                   (522)                   73
                        Total                                                              19,548                 26,879                (25,915)               20,512

                      Note:


                      (i)       As at 31 December 2020, the deferred salaries and bonuses in relation to services provided to the Group and to be paid as planned amounted
                                to RMB7,901 million (31 December 2019: RMB8,792 million).


                                As at 31 December 2020, the Group reclassified certain short-term employee benefit items and restated the comparatives.




250   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
               Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



37 Accrued staff costs (Continued)
     (b)      Post-employment benefits – defined contribution plans
              Post-employment benefits defined contribution plans include contributions to statutory retirement plan. Pursuant
              to the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC governing labor and social security, the Group joins statutory
              retirement plan for the employees as set out by city and provincial governments. The Group is required to
              make contributions based on defined ratios of the salaries, bonuses and certain allowance of the employees to
              the statutory retirement plan under the administration of the government.

              In addition to the above statutory retirement plan, the Bank’s qualified employees have joined a defined
              contribution retirement scheme (the “Scheme”) which was established by the Group and managed by the
              CITIC Group. For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Bank has made annuity contributions at 7% (31
              December 2019: 7%) of its employee’s gross wages. For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Bank made
              annuity contribution amounting to RMB1,369 million (year ended 31 December 2019: RMB1,061 million).

              The Group operates a defined contribution provident fund and a Mandatory Provident Fund scheme for Hong
              Kong staff. Contributions are charged to profit or loss when the contribution fall due.

     (c)      Post-employment benefits – defined benefit plans
              The Group offers supplementary retirement benefits for certain of its qualified employees in Mainland China.
              Retired employees are eligible to join this supplementary retirement benefit plan. The amount that is recognised
              as at reporting date presents the discounted value of benefit obligation in the future.

              The Group’s obligations in respect of the supplementary retirement benefit plan as at the reporting date are
              based on the projected unit credit actuarial cost method and computed by a qualified professional actuary firm
              (a member of Society of Actuaries in the United States of America).

              Save for the disclosed above, the Group has no other material obligation for payment of retirement benefits.

38 Taxes payable
                                                                                      31 December             31 December
                                                                                             2020                    2019
      Income tax                                                                              4,186                   5,012
      VAT and surcharges                                                                      4,216                   3,830
      Others                                                                                      9                      23
      Total                                                                                   8,411                   8,865




                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report     251
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      39 Debt securities issued
                                                                                               31 December         31 December
                                                                        Notes                         2020                2019
              Long-term debt securities issued                           (a)                        35,218               80,351
              Subordinated bonds issued:
                — by the Bank                                            (b)                       109,970               81,475
                — by CBI                                                 (c)                         3,253                5,591
              Certificates of deposit issued                             (d)                            —                 2,785
              Certificates of interbank deposit issued                   (e)                       543,008              438,830
              Convertible corporate bonds                                (f)                        38,730               37,730
              Accrued interest                                                                       2,779                3,512
              Total                                                                                732,958              650,274


             (a)      Long-term debt securities issued by the Group as at 31 December:
                                                                                                   31 December      31 December
                                                                                Annual Interest           2020             2019
                       Bond Type             Issue Date      Maturity Date      Rate              Nominal Value    Nominal Value
                                                                                                          RMB              RMB
                       Fixed rate bond       17 April 2017   17 April 2020      4.200%                       —            50,000
                       Fixed rate bond       24 May 2017     24 May 2020        4.400%                       —             2,994
                       Fixed rate bond       21 May 2015     25 May 2020        3.980%                       —             7,000
                       Fixed rate bond       17 November     17 November        3.610%                       —             8,000
                                               2015            2020
                       Floating rate bond    14 December     14 December        Three-month                  —             4,877
                                               2017            2020                Libor +0.9%
                       Fixed rate bond       14 December     14 December        2.875%                       —             2,090
                                               2017            2020
                       Floating rate bond    14 December     15 December        Three-month               3,597            3,832
                                               2017            2022                Libor +1%
                       Fixed rate bond       14 December     15 December        3.125%                    1,635            1,741
                                               2017            2022
                       Fixed rate bond       18 March 2020   18 March 2023      2.750%                   30,000               —
                       Total nominal value                                                               35,232           80,534
                       Less: Unamortised                                                                    (14)             (33)
                         issuance cost
                       Less: offset                                                                          —              (150)
                       Carrying value                                                                    35,218           80,351




252   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                 Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



39 Debt securities issued (Continued)
     (b)   The carrying value of the Bank’s subordinated bonds issued as at 31 December:
                                                                                                              31 December                   31 December
                                                                                  Notes                              2020                          2019
             Subordinated fixed rate bonds maturing:
               — in May 2025                                                        (i)                                    —                         11,500
               — in June 2027                                                      (ii)                                19,987                        19,985
               — in September 2028                                                 (iii)                               29,995                        29,995
               — in October 2028                                                   (iv)                                19,996                        19,995
               — in August 2030                                                     (v)                                39,992                            —
             Total                                                                                                   109,970                         81,475

           Notes:


           (i)       The Bank issued a fixed-rate subordinated bond on 28 May 2010 with a coupon rate of 4.30% per annum. The bond has been redeemed on
                     28 May 2020.


           (ii)      The Bank issued a fixed-rate subordinated bond on 21 June 2012 with a coupon rate of 5.15% per annum. The Bank has the option to redeem
                     the bond on 21 June 2022. If the Bank does not exercise this option, the coupon rate will remain 5.15% per annum for the next five years.


           (iii)     The Bank issued a fixed-rate subordinated bond on 13 September 2018 with a coupon rate of 4.96% per annum. The Bank has the option to
                     redeem the bond on 13 September 2023. If the Bank does not exercise this option, the coupon rate will remain 4.96% per annum for the next
                     five years.


           (iv)      The Bank issued a fixed-rate subordinated bond on 22 October 2018 with a coupon rate of 4.80% per annum. The Bank has the option to
                     redeem the bond on 22 October 2023. If the Bank does not exercise this option, the coupon rate will remain 4.80% per annum for the next
                     five years.


           (v)       The Bank issued a fixed-rate subordinated bond on 12 August 2020 with a coupon rate of 3.87% per annum. The Bank has the option to redeem
                     the bond on 14 August 2025. If the Bank does not exercise this option, the coupon rate will remain 3.87% per annum for the next five years.


     (c)   The carrying value of CBI’s subordinated bonds issued as at 31 December:
                                                                                                              31 December                   31 December
                                                                                  Notes                              2020                          2019
             Subordinated fixed rate notes maturing:
               — in June 2020                                                       (i)                                     —                         2,134
               — in Feb 2029                                                        (ii)                                 3,253                        3,457
             Total                                                                                                       3,253                        5,591

           Notes:


           (i)       CBI issued USD500 million subordinated notes at a coupon rate of 6.875% per annum on 24 June 2010. The notes are listed on the Singapore
                     Exchange. Such subordinated notes matured on 24 June 2020.


           (ii)      CBI issued USD500 million subordinated notes at a coupon rate of 4.625% per annum on 28 February 2019. CBI has an option to redeem
                     these notes on 28 February 2024. If CBI does not exercise the redemption option, the coupon rate per annum will be the 5-year US treasury
                     bond rate on 28 February 2024, plus 2.25%. The notes are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.




                                                                                                                                      2020 Annual Report           253
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      39 Debt securities issued (Continued)
             (d)   These certificates of deposit were issued by CBI with interest rate ranging 3.13% per annum, which were due
                   in 2020.

             (e)   As at 31 December 2020, the Bank had issued certain certificates of interbank deposits, totaling RMB543,008
                   million (as at 31 December 2019: RMB438,830 million), with yield ranging from 1.50% to 3.36% (as at 31
                   December 2019: 2.59% to 3.67%) per annum. The original expiry terms are between one months to one year.

             (f)   As approved by the relevant regulatory authorities in China, the Bank made a public offering of RMB40 billion
                   A-share convertible corporate bonds on 4 March 2019. The convertible corporate bonds have a term of six
                   years from 4 March 2019 to 3 March 2025, at coupon rates of 0.3% for the first year, 0.8% for the second
                   year, 1.5% for the third year, 2.3% for the fourth year, 3.2% for the fifth year and 4.0% for the sixth year.
                   The conversion of these convertible corporate bonds begins on the first trading day (11 September 2019) after
                   six months upon the completion date of the offering (8 March 2019), until the maturity date (3 March 2025).

                   In accordance with formulas set out in the prospectus of the convertible corporate bonds, the initial conversion
                   price of the convertible corporate bonds is RMB7.45 per share, and the price of the convertible corporate bonds
                   will be adjusted to reflect the dilutive impact of cash dividends and increase in paid-in capital under specified
                   circumstances. As the cash dividend was paid on 22 July 2019 and 15 July 2020, the conversion price of the
                   convertible corporate bonds has been adjusted to RMB6.98 per share. During the conversion period (from 4
                   March 2019 to 3 March 2025), if the closing price of the Bank’s A-shares is lower than 80% of the current
                   conversion price for at least 15 trading days in any 30 consecutive trading days, the Board of Directors of
                   the Bank has the right to propose to lower the conversion price and submit the proposal to the shareholders’
                   meeting for deliberation.

                   These convertible corporate bonds are subject to conditional redemptions. During their conversion period, if the
                   closing prices of the Bank’s A-shares are no less than 130% (inclusive) of the current conversion price for at least
                   15 trading days in 30 consecutive trading days, the Bank has the right to redeem all or part of the outstanding
                   convertible corporate bonds at their par value plus the current accrued interest, upon approval of the relevant
                   regulatory authorities (if required). In addition, when the total amount of the outstanding convertible corporate
                   bonds is less than RMB30 million, the Bank has the right to redeem all outstanding convertible corporate bonds
                   at their par value plus the current accrued interest.

                   As at 31 December 2020, convertible corporate bonds of RMB300,000 was converted to 41,996 A-shares.

                                                                              Liability                Equity                  Total
                     Issued nominal value of convertible
                        corporate bonds                                         36,859                  3,141                 40,000
                     Direct issuance expenses                                      (74)                    (6)                   (80)
                     Balance at the issuance date                               36,785                  3,135                 39,920
                     Amortisation                                                1,945                     —                   1,945
                     Amount of bonds converted                                      —                      —                      —
                     Ending balance                                             38,730                  3,135                 41,865




254   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
             Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                             (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



40 Provisions
                                                                                31 December            31 December
                                                                                       2020                   2019
     Allowance for impairment losses on off-balance sheet items                        6,725                   5,646
     Litigation provisions                                                               483                     470
     Total                                                                             7,208                   6,116

    The movement of off-balance sheet allowance for impairment losses is included in the Note 32.

    Movement of provisions:

                                                                                31 December            31 December
                                                                                       2020                   2019
     As at 1 January                                                                     470                    470
     Accruals                                                                             21                      9
     Reversal in the current year                                                         (1)                    (1)
     Payments                                                                             (7)                    (8)
     As at 31 December                                                                   483                    470


41 Other liabilities
                                                                                31 December            31 December
                                                                                       2020                   2019
     Continuing involvement liability                                                  7,124                   6,915
     Settlement and clearing accounts                                                  6,930                   7,552
     Advances and deferred expenses                                                    4,694                   5,305
     Payment and collection accounts                                                   2,434                   7,589
     Leasing deposits                                                                  1,189                   1,463
     Accrued expenses                                                                    384                     111
     Others                                                                            7,135                   5,151
     Total                                                                            29,890                 34,086


42 Share capital
                                                                         31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019
                                                                            Number of shares
                                                                                  (millions)      Nominal Value
     Ordinary shares
     Registered, issued and fully paid:
     A-Share                                                                          34,053                 34,053
     H-Share                                                                          14,882                 14,882
     Total                                                                            48,935                 48,935




                                                                                                    2020 Annual Report   255
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      42 Share capital (Continued)
                                                                                                                  Year ended 31               Year ended 31
                                                                                         Notes                             2020                        2019
               As at 1 January                                                                                              48,935                      48,935
               Convertible bond settlement                                                 (i)                                  —                           —
               As at 31 December                                                                                            48,935                      48,935

             Note:


             (i)       In 2020, convertible corporate bonds of RMB195,000 was converted to 27,463 A-shares. (In 2019, convertible corporate bonds of RMB105,000 was
                       converted to 14,533 A-shares.)


      43 Other equity instruments
                                                                                                                 31 December                    31 December
                                                                                                                        2020                           2019
               Preference shares (Note (i))                                                                               34,955                        34,955
               Perpetual bonds (Note (ii))                                                                                39,993                        39,993
               Equity of convertible corporate bonds (Note 39 (f))                                                         3,135                         3,135
               Total                                                                                                      78,083                        78,083


             (i)       Preference shares
                                                                                                    Issued           Issued
                         Financial                                                             number of           nominal
                         instruments in                                     Issued price     shares (RMB       value (RMB        Maturity
                         issue                  Dividend rate                    (RMB)           millions)        millions)       Date             Conversions
                         Preference shares      3.80% for the first                  100               350            35,000     No maturity       No conversion
                                                   five years, will be                                                             date              during the
                                                   re-priced every five                                                                              year
                                                   years thereafter

                       35,000 million preference shares of RMB100 each were issued in October 2016, with a dividend rate of 3.80%
                       per annum for the first five years from issuance, to no more than 200 qualified investors, pursuant to the approval
                       by its ordinary shareholders’ meeting and relevant regulatory authorities.

                       The carrying amount of preference shares, net of direct issuance expenses, was RMB34,955 million. All the
                       proceeds received is used to replenish Other Tier-One capital in order to increase the Bank’s Tier-One capital
                       adequacy ratio (Note 56). Dividends are non-cumulative and where payable are paid annually. Dividend rate
                       at the time of issue is 3.80% per annum and will be re-priced every five years thereafter with reference to the
                       five-year PRC treasury bonds yield plus a fixed premium of 1.30%.

                       As authorised by the ordinary shareholders’ Annual General Meeting, the Board of Directors has the sole discretion
                       to declare and distribute dividends on preference shares. The Bank shall not distribute any dividends to its ordinary
                       shareholders before it declares such dividends to preference shareholders for the relevant period. The distribution
                       of preference shares dividend is at the Bank’s discretion and is non-cumulative. Preference shareholders are not
                       entitled to participate in the distribution of retained profits except for the dividends stated above.

                       The Bank has redemption option when specified conditions as stipulated in the offering documents of preference
                       shares are met, subject to regulatory approval, whereas preference shareholders have no right to require the Bank
                       to redeem the preference shares.




256   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                   (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



43 Other equity instruments (Continued)
    (i)    Preference shares (Continued)
           Upon occurrence of the triggering events as stipulated in paragraph 2 (3) of the Guidance of the China Banking
           Regulatory Commission on Commercial Banks’ Innovation on Capital Instruments (CBRC No.56 [2012]) and
           subject to regulatory approval, preference shares shall be mandatorily converted into ordinary A shares of the
           Bank at the conversion price of RMB7.07 per share, partially or entirely. The conversion price of the preference
           shares will be adjusted where certain events occur including bonus issues, rights issue, capitalisation of reserves
           and new issuances of ordinary shares, subject to terms and formulae provided for in the offering documents, to
           maintain the relative interests between preference shareholders and ordinary shareholders.

           These preference shares are classified as equity instruments, and presented as equity in the consolidated statement
           of financial position; and are qualified as Additional Tier-One Capital Instruments in accordance with the
           CBIRC requirements.

    (ii)   Perpetual bonds
           The Bank issued RMB40 billion write-down undated capital bonds (the “Bonds”) in the domestic interbank
           bond market on 11 December 2019. The denomination of the Bonds is RMB100 each, and the annual coupon
           rate of the Bonds for the first 5 years is 4.20%, resetting every 5 years.

           The duration of the Bonds is the same as the continuing operation of the Bank. Subject to the satisfaction of
           the redemption conditions and having obtained the prior approval of the CBIRC, the Bank may redeem the
           Bonds in whole or in part on each distribution payment date 5 years after the issuance date of the Bonds. Upon
           the occurrence of a trigger event for write-downs, with the consent of the CBIRC and without the consent of
           the bondholders, the Bank has the right to write down all or part of the above Bonds issued and existing at
           that time in accordance with the total par value. The claims of the holders of the Bonds will be subordinated
           to the claims of depositors, general creditors and subordinated creditors; and shall rank in priority to the claims
           of shareholders and will rank pari passu with the claims under any other additional tier 1 capital instruments
           of the Bank that rank pari passu with the Bonds.

           The Bonds are paid by non-cumulative interest. The Bank shall have the right to cancel distributions on the
           Bonds in whole or in part and such cancellation shall not constitute a default. The Bank may at its discretion
           utilize the proceeds from the cancelled distribution to meet other obligations of maturing debts. But the Bank
           shall not distribute profits to ordinary shareholders until the resumption of full interest payment.

           These perpetual bonds are classified as equity instruments, and presented as equity in the consolidated statement
           of financial position; and are qualified as Additional Tier-One Capital Instruments in accordance with the
           CBIRC requirements.

           Interests attributable to equity instruments’ holder:

                                                                                      31 December             31 December
                                                                                             2020                    2019
            Total equity attribute to equity holders of the parent
              company                                                                      544,573                 517,311
              Equity attribute to ordinary equity holders of the parent
                company                                                                    466,490                 439,228
              Equity attribute to other equity instruments holders of the
                parent company                                                              78,083                   78,083
                —Profit for the period/Distribution for the period                           3,010                    1,330
            Total equity attribute to non-controlling interests                             15,465                   15,213
              Equity attribute to non-controlling interests of ordinary
                shares                                                                       8,798                    8,546
              Equity attribute to non-controlling interests of other equity
                instruments                                                                  6,667                    6,667

           For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Bank paid dividend of RMB1,330 million to the preference
           shareholders (for the year ended 31 December 2019: RMB1,330 million), and paid interest of RMB1,680
           million to the holders of perpetual bonds (for the year ended 31 December 2019: Nil).




                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report     257
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      44 Capital reserves
                                                                                              31 December              31 December
                                                                                                     2020                     2019
              Share premium                                                                          58,896                   58,896
              Other reserves                                                                            320                       81
              Total                                                                                  59,216                   58,977


      45 Other comprehensive income
             Other comprehensive income comprises items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss, such as net
             changes on the measurement of defined benefit plan (Note 37) and fair value changes on financial investments designated
             at fair value through other comprehensive income, and items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss,
             such as fair value changes on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, credit impairment
             allowance on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and exchange differences on translation.

      46 Surplus reserve
                                                                                                Year ended               Year ended
                                                                                              31 December              31 December
                                                                                                      2020                     2019
              As at 1 January                                                                        39,009                   34,450
              Appropriations                                                                          4,777                    4,559
              As at 31 December                                                                      43,786                   39,009

             Under the relevant PRC Laws, the Bank and the Bank’s subsidiaries in Mainland China are required to appropriate 10%
             of its profit for the year, as determined under regulations issued by the regulatory bodies of the PRC, to the statutory
             surplus reserve until the reserve balance reaches 50% of the registered capital. After making the appropriation to the
             statutory surplus reserve, the Bank may also appropriate its profit for the year to the discretionary surplus reserve upon
             approval by ordinary shareholders at the Annual General Meeting. The Bank makes its appropriation on an annual basis.

             Subject to the approval of ordinary shareholders, statutory surplus reserves may be used for replenishing accumulated
             losses, if any, and may be converted into share capital, provided that the balance of statutory surplus reserve after such
             capitalisation is not less than 25% of the registered capital before the process.

      47 General reserve
                                                                                                Year ended               Year ended
                                                                                              31 December              31 December
                                                                                                      2020                     2019
              As at 1 January                                                                        81,535                   74,255
              Appropriations                                                                          9,284                    7,280
              As at 31 December                                                                      90,819                   81,535

             Pursuant to relevant MOF notices, the Bank and the Group’s banking subsidiaries in Mainland China are required to
             set aside a general reserve to cover potential losses against their assets. The Bank and the Group make its appropriation
             on an annual basis.




258   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



48 Profit appropriations and retained earnings
    (a)   Profit appropriations and distributions other than dividends declared during the year
                                                                                      Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                    31 December           31 December
                                                               Notes                        2020                  2019
           Appropriations to
             — surplus reserve                                   46                         4,777                 4,559
             — general reserve                                   47                         9,284                 7,280
           As at 31 December                                                               14,061                11,839

          The Bank appropriated RMB4,777 million to statutory surplus reserve fund for the year of 2020, and appropriated
          RMB9,208 million to general reserve. The Group’s subsidiary, Lin’an rural bank, made appropriations to general
          reserve in accordance with relevant regulatory requirements.

    (b)   In accordance with the resolution approved in the Annual General Meeting of the Bank on 20 May 2020, a
          total amount of approximately RMB11,695 million (RMB2.39 per 10 shares) were distributed in the form of
          cash dividend to the ordinary shareholders on 15 July 2020.

    (c)   In accordance with the resolution approved in the Annual General Meeting of the Bank on 27 August 2020,
          a total amount of approximately RMB1,330 million (calculated by the bank using the agreed dividend rate of
          3.80% with RMB3.80 per share) were distributed in the form of cash dividend to the preference shareholders
          on 26 October 2020.

    (d)   On 11 December 2019, the Bank issued RMB40 billion write-down undated capital bonds in the domestic
          interbank bond market. The Bank paid RMB1.68 billion in interest at a coupon rate of 4.20% to investors of
          perpetual bonds on 11 December 2020.

    (e)   On 25 March 2021, the Board of Directors proposed a cash dividend of RMB2.54 per 10 shares in respect of the
          year 2020. Subject to the approval of the ordinary shareholders at the Annual General Meeting, approximately
          RMB12,429 million will be payable to those on the register of ordinary shareholders as at the relevant record
          date. This proposal is a non-adjusting event after the reporting period and has not been recognised as liability
          as at 31 December 2020.

    (f)   As at 31 December 2020, the retained earnings included the statutory surplus reserves of certain subsidiaries of
          RMB350 million (as at 31 December 2019: RMB260 million), of which RMB91 million (as at 31 December
          2019: RMB82 million) was the appropriation made by the subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2020.
          Such statutory surplus reserves in the retained earnings cannot be distributed.




                                                                                                      2020 Annual Report     259
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      49 Non-controlling interests
             Non-controlling interests included ordinary shareholders held by non-controlling interest in subsidiaries and other
             equity instrument holders’ interests. As at 31 December 2020, other equity instrument holders’ interest amounted to
             RMB6,667 million (31 December 2019: 6,667 million) representing other equity instruments issued by CBI on 11
             October 2016, and 6 November 2018, an entity ultimately controlled by the Group. Such instruments are perpetual
             non-cumulative subordinated additional Tier- One capital securities (the “Capital Securities”).

              Financial
              instruments                          Nominal                                                                  Payment
              in issue         Issue Date          Value           First Call Date      Coupon Rate                         Frequency
              Capital          11 October 2016     USD500          11 October 2021      4.25% per annum for the first       Semi-
                Securities                           millions                              five years after issuance, and     annually
                                                                                           re-priced every five years to
                                                                                           a rate equivalent to the five-
                                                                                           year US Treasury rate plus
                                                                                           3.107% per annum
              Capital          6 November          USD500          6 November           7.10% per annum for the first       Semi-
                Securities       2018                millions        2023                  five years after issuance, and     annually
                                                                                           re-priced every five years to
                                                                                           a rate equivalent to the five-
                                                                                           year US Treasury rate plus
                                                                                           4.151% per annum

             CBI may, at its sole discretion, elect to cancel any payment of coupon, in whole or in part, or redeem Capital Securities
             in whole on the first call date and any subsequent coupon distribution date, where the holders of these Capital Securities
             have no right to require CBI to redeem. These Capital Securities listed above are classified as other equity instruments.

             A distribution payment of RMB382 million was paid to the holders of the Capital Securities during the year ended
             31 December 2020 (the year ended 31 December 2019: RMB470 million).

      50 Notes to consolidated statement of cash flows
             Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                               31 December                  31 December
                                                                                                      2020                         2019
              Cash                                                                                      5,951                     6,345
              Cash equivalents
                — Surplus deposit reserve funds                                                        57,211                    97,602
                — Deposits with banks and non-bank financial institutions due
                     within three months when acquired                                                 88,118                    39,906
                — Placements with and loans to banks and non-bank financial
                    institutions due within three months when acquired                                 93,218                   134,321
                — Investment securities due within three months when acquired                          75,068                    64,275
              Subtotal                                                                               313,615                    336,104
              Total                                                                                  319,566                    342,449




260   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



51 Commitments and contingent liabilities
    (a)   Credit commitments
          The Group’s credit commitments take the form of loan commitments, credit card commitments, financial
          guarantees, letters of credit and bank acceptances.

          Loan commitments and credit card commitments represent the undrawn amount of approved loans with signed
          contracts and credit card limits. Financial guarantees and letters of credit represent guarantees provided by the
          Group to guarantee the performance of customers to third parties. Bank acceptances comprise undertakings
          by the Group to pay bills of exchange drawn on customers. The Group expects the majority acceptances to be
          settled simultaneously with the reimbursement from the customers.

          The contractual amounts of credit commitments by categories are set out below. The amounts disclosed in
          respect of loan commitments and credit card commitments assume that amounts are fully drawn down. The
          amounts of guarantees, letters of credit and acceptances represent the maximum potential loss that would be
          recognised at the reporting date if counterparties failed to perform as contracted.

                                                                                   31 December             31 December
                                                                                          2020                    2019
            Contractual amount
            Loan commitments
              — with an original maturity within one year                                 14,138                   6,789
              — with an original maturity of one year or above                            35,494                  45,422
            Subtotal                                                                      49,632                  52,211
            Bank acceptances                                                            559,073                 426,226
            Credit card commitments                                                     623,478                 545,503
            Letters of guarantee issued                                                 119,741                 147,154
            Letters of credit issued                                                    125,197                 103,981
            Total                                                                     1,477,121               1,275,075


    (b)   Credit commitments analysed by credit risk weighted amount
                                                                                   31 December             31 December
                                                                                          2020                    2019
            Credit risk weighted amount of credit commitments                           437,831                 398,617

          The credit risk weighted amount refers to the amount as computed in accordance with the rules set out by the
          CBIRC and depends on the status of counterparties and the maturity characteristics. The risk weighting used
          range from 0% to 150%.

    (c)   Capital commitments
          (i)       The Group had the following authorised capital commitments in respect of property, plant and
                    equipment at the reporting date:
                                                                                   31 December             31 December
                                                                                          2020                    2019
                     For the purchase of property and equipment
                     Contracted for                                                        1,547                   3,457




                                                                                                       2020 Annual Report     261
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      51 Commitments and contingent liabilities (Continued)
             (d)   Outstanding contingencies including litigation and disputes
                   The Group has assessed and has made provisions for any probable outflow of economic benefits in relation to
                   commitments and contingent liabilities at the reporting date in accordance with its accounting policies including
                   litigation and disputes.

                   As at 31 December 2020, the Group was involved in certain potential and pending litigation as defendant
                   with gross claims of RMB923 million (as at 31 December 2019: RMB2,436 million). Based on the opinion of
                   internal and external legal counsels, the Group had made litigation provisions of RMB21 million for the year
                   ended 31 December 2020 (for the year ended 31 December 2019: RMB8.61 million) against these litigation
                   (Note 40). Such contingencies, including litigation and disputes, will not have material impact on financial
                   position and operations of the Bank.

             (e)   Bonds redemption obligations
                   As an underwriting agent of PRC treasury bonds, the Group has the responsibility to buy back those bonds
                   sold by it should the holders decide to early redeem the bonds held. The redemption price for the bonds at any
                   time before their maturity dates is based on the nominal value plus any interest unpaid and accrued up to the
                   redemption date. Accrued interest payables to the bond holders are calculated in accordance with relevant rules
                   of the MOF and the PBOC. The redemption price may be different from the fair value of similar instruments
                   traded at the redemption date.

                   The redemption obligations below represent the nominal value of treasury bonds underwritten and sold by the
                   Group, but not yet matured at the reporting date:

                                                                                            31 December             31 December
                                                                                                   2020                    2019
                     Redemption commitment for PRC treasury bonds                                  11,581                  11,272

                   The original maturities of these bonds vary from one to five years. Management of the Group expects the amount
                   of redemption before maturity dates of these bonds will not be material. The MOF will not provide funding
                   for the early redemption of these bonds on a back-to-back basis, but will settle the principal and interest upon
                   maturity.

             (f)   Underwriting obligations
                   As at 31 December 2020, the Group did not have unfulfilled commitment in respect of securities underwriting
                   business. (as at 31December 2019: Nil)

      52 Collateral
             (a)   Assets pledged
                   The carrying amount of financial assets pledged as collateral in the Group’s ordinary course of businesses,
                   including repurchase agreements and borrowings from central banks, are disclosed as below:

                                                                                            31 December             31 December
                                                                                                   2020                    2019
                     Debt securities                                                             331,319                 367,616
                     Discounted bills                                                             68,505                  76,590
                     Others                                                                           78                     181
                     Total                                                                       399,902                 444,387

                   As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, the Group’s liabilities related to the above collateral were due
                   within 12 months from the effective dates of these agreements and title of these collateral was not transferred
                   to counterparties.



262   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



52 Collateral (Continued)
     (a)   Assets pledged (Continued)
           In addition, as at 31 December 2020, the Group pledged debt securities and deposits with banks and other
           financial institutions with carrying amount totalling RMB493 million (as at 31 December 2019: RMB840
           million) as collateral for derivative transactions and guarantee funds to exchanges. Title of these pledged assets
           was not transferred to counterparties.

     (b)   Collateral accepted
           The Group received debt securities as collateral for financial assets held under resale agreements as set out in Note
           21. Under the terms of these agreements, the Group could not resell or re-pledge certain parts of these collateral
           unless in the event of default by the counterparties. As at 31 December 2020, there was no collateral that can be
           resold or re-pledged by the Group (as at 31 December 2019: Nil). During the year ended 31 December 2020,
           the Group did not resell or re-pledge any of these collateral (year ended 31 December 2019: Nil).

53 Transactions on behalf of customers
     (a)   Entrusted lending business
           The Group provides entrusted lending business services to corporations and individuals, as well as entrusted
           provident housing fund mortgage business services. All entrusted loans are made under the instruction or at
           the direction of these corporations, individuals or provident housing fund centre and are funded by entrusted
           funds from them.

           For entrusted assets and liabilities and entrusted provident housing fund mortgage business, the Group does not
           expose to credit risk in relation to these transactions, but acts as an agent to hold and manage these assets and
           liabilities at the instruction of the entrusting parties and receives fee income for the services provided.

           Trust assets are not assets of the Group and are not recognised on the consolidated statement of financial
           position. Income received and receivable for providing these services is included in the consolidated statement
           of profit or loss as fee income.

           At the reporting date, the entrusted assets and liabilities were as follows:

                                                                                      31 December               31 December
                                                                                             2020                      2019
            Entrusted loans                                                                 365,921                  441,142
            Entrusted funds                                                                 365,922                  441,143


     (b)   Wealth management services
           The Group’s wealth management services to customers mainly represent sale of wealth management products,
           including principal guaranteed (Note 59 (c)) and non-principal or interest guaranteed wealth management
           products (Note 59 (b)), to corporate and personal banking customers.

           The funds raised by non-principal guaranteed wealth management products from investors are invested in various
           investments, including debt securities and money market instruments, credit assets and other debt instruments,
           equity instruments etc. Credit risk, liquidity risk and interest rate risk associated with these products are borne
           by the customers. The Group only earns commission which represents the charges on customers in relation to
           the provision of custodian, sale and management services. Income is recognised in the consolidated statement
           of profit or loss as commission income. The Group has entered into placements transactions at market interest
           rates with the wealth management products vehicles (Note 59 (b)).

           As at 31 December 2020, the amount of total assets invested by these non-principal guaranteed wealth management
           products issued by the Group was disclosed in Note 59 (b).



                                                                                                           2020 Annual Report      263
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      54 Segment reporting
             Measurement of segment assets and liabilities, and segment income and expenses are based on the Group’s accounting
             policies.

             Internal charges and transfer pricing of transactions between segments are determined for management purpose and
             have been reflected in the performance of each segment. Net interest income and expenses arising from internal charges
             and transfer pricing adjustments are referred to as “Internal net interest income/expenses”. Interest income and expenses
             earned from third parties are referred to as “External net interest income/expenses”.

             Segment income, expense, assets and liabilities include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that can
             be allocated on a reasonable basis. Segment assets and liabilities do not include deferred tax assets and liabilities. Segment
             income, expenses, assets, and liabilities are determined before intra-group balances, and intra-group transactions are
             eliminated as part of the consolidation process. Segment capital expenditure is the total costs incurred during the year
             to acquire assets (including both tangible assets and intangible assets) whose estimated useful lives are over one year.

             (a)    Business segments
                    The Group has the following main business segments for management purpose:

                    Corporate banking
                    This segment represents the provision of a range of financial products and services to corporations, government
                    agencies and non-financial institutions, as well as conducts investment banking businesses and international
                    businesses. The products and services include corporate loans, deposit taking activities, agency services, remittance
                    and settlement services and guarantee services.

                    Personal banking
                    This segment represents the provision of a range of financial products and services to individual customers.
                    The products and services comprise loans, deposit services, securities agency services, remittance and settlement
                    services and guarantee services.

                    Treasury business
                    This segment conducts capital markets operations, inter-bank operations, which, specifically, includes inter-
                    bank money market transactions, repurchase transactions, and investments and trading in debt instruments.
                    Furthermore, treasury business segment also carries out derivatives and forex trading both for the Group and
                    for customers.

                    Others and unallocated
                    Others comprise components of the Group that are not attributable to any of the above segments, along with
                    certain assets, liabilities, income or expenses of the Head Office that could not be allocated on a reasonable
                    basis. This segment also manages the Group’s liquidity position.




264   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                          (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



54 Segment reporting (Continued)
    (a)   Business segments (Continued)
                                                          Year ended 31 December 2020
                                         Corporate     Personal         Treasury     Others and
                                          Banking      Banking        Operations    Unallocated             Total
           External net interest
             income/(expense)              47,291       98,666           28,886          (24,328)         150,515
           Internal net interest
             income/(expense)              28,481       (40,977)        (19,778)          32,274               —
           Net interest income             75,772       57,689            9,108            7,946          150,515
           Net fee and commission
             income/(expense)              11,828       21,284              878           (5,154)          28,836
           Other net income (Note
             (i))                           1,873          671           12,727              777           16,048
           Operating income                89,473       79,644           22,713            3,569          195,399
           Operating expenses
             — depreciation and
                    amortisation            (2,008)      (1,579)         (1,530)          (1,239)          (6,356)
             — others                      (17,957)     (25,807)         (1,879)          (2,256)         (47,899)
           Credit impairment losses        (48,303)     (32,836)         (1,299)             (39)         (82,477)
           Impairment (losses)/gains
             on other assets                 (516)           —               —                 4             (512)
           Revaluation losses on
             investment properties              —            —               —               (69)             (69)
           Share of loss of associates
             and joint ventures                 —            —                (3)           (226)            (229)
           Profit before tax               20,689       19,422           18,002             (256)          57,857
           Income tax                                                                                      (8,325)
           Net profit                                                                                      49,532
           Capital expenditure              6,442        5,233            4,973            2,616           19,264

                                                          Year ended 31 December 2020
                                         Corporate     Personal         Treasury     Others and
                                          Banking      Banking        Operations    Unallocated             Total
           Segment assets                2,580,730    1,966,280       2,058,054          858,510        7,463,574
           Interest in associates and
             joint ventures                     —            —              109            5,565            5,674
           Deferred tax assets                                                                             41,913
           Total asset                                                                                  7,511,161
           Segment liabilities           3,671,630     990,280        1,024,395        1,264,807        6,951,112
           Deferred tax liabilities                                                                            11
           Total liabilities                                                                            6,951,123
           Off-balance sheet credit
             commitments                  853,539      623,478               —                —         1,477,017




                                                                                                2020 Annual Report    265
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      54 Segment reporting (Continued)
             (a)   Business segments (Continued)
                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                            Corporate                 Personal         Treasury      Others and
                                                             Banking                  Banking        Operations      Unallocated                                Total
                     External net interest
                       income/(expense)                         52,199                 89,682                  28,032                (22,988)                 146,925
                     Internal net interest
                       income/(expense)                         26,809                (38,392)                (20,552)                32,135                      —
                     Net interest income                        79,008                 51,290                   7,480                   9,147                 146,925
                     Net fee and commission
                       income/(expense)                         12,591                 19,363                      929                 (6,153)                 26,730
                     Other net income (Note
                       (i))                                      2,191                     631                 11,067                     337                  14,226
                     Operating income                           93,790                 71,284                  19,476                   3,331                 187,881
                     Operating expenses
                       — depreciation and
                              amortisation                      (1,938)                (1,543)                 (1,399)                 (1,186)                 (6,066)
                       — others                                (18,012)               (26,039)                 (2,340)                 (1,711)                (48,102)
                     Credit impairment losses                  (51,076)               (24,070)                   (796)                   (737)                (76,679)
                     Impairment losses on
                       other assets                                  —                       —                      —                    (576)                   (576)
                     Revaluation losses on
                       investment properties                         —                       —                      —                      (15)                   (15)
                     Share of gains of
                       associates and joint
                       ventures                                      —                       —                      —                     102                    102
                     Profit before tax                          22,764                 19,632                  14,941                    (792)                 56,545
                     Income tax                                                                                                                                (7,551)
                     Net profit                                                                                                                                48,994
                     Capital expenditure                         1,484                   1,216                  1,074                     674                   4,448

                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                            Corporate                 Personal         Treasury      Others and
                                                             Banking                  Banking        Operations      Unallocated                                Total
                     Segment assets                         2,305,553              1,799,187               1,763,646                 846,280              6,714,666
                     Interest in associates and
                       joint ventures                                —                       —                     112                  3,560                   3,672
                     Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                       32,095
                     Total asset                                                                                                                          6,750,433
                     Segment liabilities                    3,194,780                 928,683                864,467              1,229,969               6,217,899
                     Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                    10
                     Total liabilities                                                                                                                    6,217,909
                     Off-balance sheet credit
                       commitments                            729,572                 545,503                       —                       —             1,275,075

                   Note:


                   (i)     Other net income consists of net trading gain, net gain from investment securities, net hedging loss and other operating income.




266   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                             (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



54 Segment reporting (Continued)
    (b)   Geographical segments
          The Group operates principally in Mainland China with branches located in 31 provinces, autonomous regions
          and municipalities. The Bank’s principal subsidiaries, CNCB Investment and CIFH are registered and operating
          in Hong Kong. The other subsidiaries, Lin’an Rural Bank and CFLL are registered in Mainland China.

          In presenting information by geographical segments, operating income is allocated based on the location of
          the branches that generated the revenue. Segment assets and capital expenditure are allocated based on the
          geographical location of the underlying assets.

          Geographical segments, as defined for management reporting purposes, are as follows:

          —     “Yangtze River Delta” refers to the following areas where Tier-One branches of the Group are located:
                Shanghai, Nanjing, Suzhou, Hangzhou and Ningbo, as well as Lin’an Rural Bank and CITIC Wealth
                CO., Ltd.;

          —     “Pearl River Delta and West Strait” refers to the following areas where Tier-One branches of the Group
                are located: Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Dongguan, Fuzhou, Xiamen, and Haikou;

          —     “Bohai Rim” refers to the following areas where Tier-One branches of the Group are located: Beijing,
                Tianjin, Dalian, Qingdao, Shijiazhuang, Jinan and CFLL;

          —     “Central” region refers to the following areas where Tier-One branches of the Group are located: Hefei,
                Zhengzhou, Wuhan, Changsha, Taiyuan and Nanchang;

          —     “Western” region refers to the following areas where Tier-One branches of the Group are located: Chengdu,
                Chongqing, Xi’an, Kunming, Nanning, Hohhot, Urumqi, Guiyang, Lanzhou, Xining, Yinchuan and
                Lhasa;

          —     “Northeastern” region refers to the following areas where Tier-One branches of the Group is located:
                Shenyang, Changchun and Harbin;

          —     “Head Office” refers to the headquarter of the Bank and the Credit Card Center; and

          —     “Overseas” includes all the operations of London branch, CNCB Investment, CIFH and its subsidiaries.




                                                                                                     2020 Annual Report     267
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      54 Segment reporting (Continued)
             (b)   Geographical segments (Continued)
                                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                               Pearl River
                                                             Yangtze River Delta and West
                                                                     Delta           Strait    Bohai Rim    Central       Western Northeastern Head Office        Overseas Elimination         Total
                     External net interest income                  34,924           19,503         2,770     22,173        19,903           2,907      43,620       4,715            —      150,515
                     Internal net interest (expense)/
                          income                                   (7,214)           (3,604)      16,837     (6,484)        (7,998)          (794)      9,363        (106)           —            —
                     Net interest income                           27,710           15,899        19,607     15,689        11,905           2,113      52,983       4,609            —      150,515
                     Net fee and commission income                  3,843            2,352         4,192      1,661         1,412             319      13,930       1,127            —       28,836
                     Other net income (Note (i))                    1,044              197           402        140           141              21      12,599       1,504            —       16,048
                     Operating income                              32,597           18,448        24,201     17,490        13,458           2,453      79,512       7,240            —      195,399
                     Operating expense
                       — depreciation and amortisation               (949)             (751)        (900)      (672)         (803)           (208)      (1,521)      (552)           —        (6,356)
                       — others                                    (8,447)           (5,681)      (7,287)    (5,065)       (4,595)         (1,118)     (12,917)    (2,789)           —       (47,899)
                     Credit impairment losses                     (10,438)           (7,454)     (11,231)    (6,232)      (12,813)           (810)     (31,433)    (2,066)           —       (82,477)
                     Impairment (losses)/gains on
                         other assets                                (153)              (24)          (6)      (307)           (26)             —           —           4            —         (512)
                     Revaluation losses on investment
                         properties                                    —                —             —          —             —                —           —         (69)           —           (69)
                     Share of loss of associates and joint
                         ventures                                      —                —             —          —             —                —        (134)        (95)           —         (229)
                     Profit before tax                             12,610            4,538         4,777      5,214         (4,779)            317     33,507       1,673            —       57,857
                     Income tax                                                                                                                                                               (8,325)
                     Profit for the year                                                                                                                                                     49,532
                     Capital expenditure                              308              217          321        193            286               77     17,522        340             —       19,264

                                                                                                                       31 December 2020
                                                                               Pearl River
                                                             Yangtze River Delta and West
                                                                     Delta           Strait    Bohai Rim    Central       Western Northeastern Head Office        Overseas Elimination         Total
                     Segment assets                             1,599,863          886,996     1,756,340    715,464       621,509         131,475    3,137,279    353,870    (1,739,222)   7,463,574
                     Interest in associates and joint
                          ventures                                     —                —             —          —             —                —       5,154        520             —        5,674
                     Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                                                     41,913
                     Total assets                                                                                                                                                          7,511,161
                     Segment liabilities                        1,266,058          719,506     1,541,035    629,772       537,319         108,995    3,565,035    295,314    (1,711,922)   6,951,112
                     Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                                     11
                     Total liabilities                                                                                                                                                     6,951,123
                     Off-balance sheet credit
                         commitments                              230,352          157,359       147,496    186,161       100,423          17,223     616,546      21,457            —     1,477,017




268   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                                   (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



54 Segment reporting (Continued)
    (b)   Geographical segments (Continued)
                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                      Pearl River
                                                    Yangtze River Delta and West
                                                            Delta           Strait    Bohai Rim     Central       Western Northeastern Head Office        Overseas   Elimination       Total
            External net interest income                 35,906            22,013         6,971      21,000        21,457           2,331      31,144       6,103            —      146,925
            Internal net interest (expense)/
                 income                                   (9,879)           (5,000)      13,226      (6,403)        (9,536)          (501)     18,314        (221)           —           —
            Net interest income                          26,027            17,013        20,197      14,597        11,921           1,830      49,458       5,882            —      146,925
            Net fee and commission income                 2,852             2,421         4,232       1,634         1,475             325      12,478       1,313            —       26,730
            Other net income (Note (i))                     593               199           467         130           175              37      11,753         872            —       14,226
            Operating income                             29,472            19,633        24,896      16,361        13,571           2,192      73,689       8,067            —      187,881
            Operating expense
              — depreciation and amortisation               (933)             (755)        (894)       (695)          (842)          (228)      (1,190)      (529)           —        (6,066)
              — others                                    (8,004)           (5,844)      (7,448)     (5,015)        (4,642)        (1,221)     (12,978)    (2,950)           —       (48,102)
            Credit impairment losses                      (9,475)           (9,808)     (13,369)     (6,247)       (10,820)        (3,263)     (22,527)    (1,170)           —       (76,679)
            Impairment losses on other assets               (169)               —          (205)        (67)           (71)           (19)          —         (45)           —          (576)
            Revaluation losses on investment
                properties                                   —                 —            —           —              —               —           —          (15)           —           (15)
            Share of gains/(losses) of associates
                and joint ventures                           —                 —            —           —              —               —          154         (52)           —          102
            Profit before tax                            10,891             3,226         2,980       4,337         (2,804)        (2,539)     37,148       3,306            —       56,545
            Income tax                                                                                                                                                                (7,551)
            Profit for the year                                                                                                                                                      48,994
            Capital expenditure                             475               168          235         125            621              44       2,571         209            —        4,448

                                                                                                               31 December 2019
                                                                      Pearl River
                                                    Yangtze River Delta and West
                                                            Delta           Strait    Bohai Rim     Central       Western Northeastern Head Office        Overseas   Elimination       Total
            Segment assets                             1,400,247          810,404     1,440,563     656,139       585,993         106,531    2,730,391    337,807    (1,353,409)   6,714,666
            Interest in associates and joint
                 ventures                                    —                 —            —           —              —               —        3,027         645            —        3,672
            Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                                                      32,095
            Total assets                                                                                                                                                           6,750,433
            Segment liabilities                        1,021,511          624,170     1,212,606     554,658       457,021          94,420    3,312,559    272,066    (1,331,112)   6,217,899
            Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                                      10
            Total liabilities                                                                                                                                                      6,217,909
            Off-balance sheet credit
                commitments                             204,838           149,346       118,966     151,951        82,348          10,047     538,324      19,255            —     1,275,075

          Note:


          (i)          Other net income consists of net trading gain, net gain from investment securities, net hedging loss and other operating income.




                                                                                                                                                                 2020 Annual Report             269
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management
             This section presents information about the Group’s exposure to and its management and control of risks, in particular
             the primary risks associated with its use of financial instruments:

             —      Credit risk		Credit risk represents the potential loss that may arise from the failure of a customer or
                                  counterparty to meet its contractual obligations or commitments to the Group.

             —      Market risk		Market risk arises from unfavourable changes in market prices (interest rate, exchange rate,
                                  stock price or commodity price) that lead to a loss of on-balance sheet or off-balance sheet
                                  business in the Group.

             —      Liquidity risk		Liquidity risk arises when the Group, in meeting the demand of liabilities due and
                                     other payment obligations as well as the needs of business expansion, is unable to
                                     sufficiently, timely or cost-effectively acquire funds.

             —      Operational risk	Operational risk arises from inappropriate or problematic internal procedures, personnel,
                                      IT systems, or external events, such risk includes legal risk, but excluding strategy risk and
                                      reputational risk.

             The Group has established policies and procedures to identify and analyse these risks, to set appropriate risk limits and
             controls, and to constantly monitor the risks and limits by means of reliable and up-to-date management information
             systems. The Group regularly modifies and enhances its risk management policies and systems to reflect changes in
             markets, products and best practice risk management processes. Internal auditors also perform regular audits to ensure
             compliance with relevant policies and procedures.

             (a)    Credit risk
                    Credit risk management
                    Credit risk refers to the risk of loss caused by default of debtor or counterparty. Credit risk also occurs when
                    the Group makes unauthorised or inappropriate loans and advances to customers, financial commitments or
                    investments. The credit risk exposure of the Group mainly arises from the Group’s loan and advance to customers,
                    treasury businesses and off-balance sheet items.

                    The Group has standardised management on the entire credit business process including loan application and
                    its investigation, approval and granting of loan, and monitoring of non-performing loans. Through strictly
                    standardising the credit business process, strengthening the whole process management of pre-loan investigation,
                    credit rating and credit granting, examination and approval, loan review and post-loan monitoring, improving
                    the risk of slow-release of collateral, accelerating the disposal of non-performing loans, and promoting the
                    upgrading and transformation of credit management system, the credit risk management of the Group has been
                    comprehensively improved.

                    The Group writes off the recoverable financial asset when it cannot reasonably expect to recover all or part of the
                    asset. Signs indicating that the recoverable amount cannot be reasonably expected include: (1) the enforcement
                    has been terminated, and (2) the Group’s recovery method is to confiscate and dispose of the collateral, but the
                    expected value of the collateral cannot cover the entire principal and interest.

                    In addition to the credit risk to the Group caused by credit assets, the Group manages the credit risk for treasury
                    businesses through prudently selecting peers and other financial institutions with comparable credit levels as
                    counterparties, balancing credit risk with returns on investment, comprehensively considering internal and external
                    credit rating information, granting credit hierarchy, and using credit management system to review and adjust
                    credit commitments on a timely basis, etc. In addition, the Group provides off-balance sheet commitment and
                    guarantee businesses to customers, so it is possible for the Group to make payment on behalf of the customer
                    in case of customer’s default and bear risks similar to the loan. Therefore, the Group applies similar risk control
                    procedures and policies to such business to reduce the credit risk.




270   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
          Measurement of expected credit losses
          The Group adopts the “expected credit loss model” on its debt instruments which are classified as financial assets
          of debt instruments and off balance sheet credit assets measured at amortised cost and at fair value through
          other comprehensive income in accordance with the provisions of IFRS 9.

          For financial assets that are included in the measurement of expected credit losses, the Group evaluates whether
          the credit risks of related financial assets have increased significantly since the initial recognition. The “three-
          stage” impairment model is used to measure their allowances for impairment losses respectively to recognise
          expected credit losses and their movements:

          Stage 1: Financial instruments with no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition will be classified
          as “stage 1” and the Group continuously monitors their credit risk. The loss allowances of financial instruments
          in stage 1 is measured based on the expected credit losses in the next 12 months, which represents the proportion
          of the expected credit losses in the lifetime due to possible default events in the next 12 months.

          Stage 2: If there is a significant increase in credit risk from initial recognition, the Group transfers the related
          financial instruments to stage 2, but it will not be considered as credit-impaired instruments. The expected credit
          losses of financial instruments in stage 2 is measured based on the lifetime expected credit losses.

          Stage 3: If there is a significant impairment in financial instruments, it will be moved to stage 3. The expected
          credit losses of financial instruments in stage 3 is measured based on the lifetime expected credit losses.

          Purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets refers to financial assets that are credit-impaired at initial
          recognition. Allowance for impairment losses on these assets are the lifetime expected credit losses.

          The Group measures the ECL for financial assets through testing models, which includes risk parameters model
          and discounted cash flows model. The risk parameters model method is applicable to the financial assets in
          stage 1 and 2. Both the risk parameter model and discounted cash flows model are applicable to the stage 3
          financial assets.

          The Group has established models including different key economic indicators is established with the new actual
          default rate of regression model, and use the prediction results and historic default information adjustment
          coefficient calculation, then realise the provisions for forward-looking adjustment.

          The discounted cash flow model is used to calculate the impairment allowance for an asset based on the regular
          forecasts of the future cash flows of the asset. At each measurement date, the Group makes forecasts of the future
          cash inflows of the asset in different periods and in different scenarios, applies probability weightings to obtain
          the weighted averages of the future cash flows, applies appropriate discount rates to the weighted averages and
          adds these discounted weighted average to obtain the present value of the future cash inflows.

          The Group estimate the ECL in accordance with the IFRS 9, the key judgments and assumptions adopted by
          the Group are as follows:




                                                                                                            2020 Annual Report      271
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
                   Measurement of expected credit losses (Continued)
                   (1)    Significant increase in credit risk
                          On each balance sheet date, the Group evaluates whether the credit risk of the relevant financial
                          instruments has increased significantly since the initial recognition. When one or more on quantitative
                          or qualitative threshold, or upper limit are triggered, the credit risk of financial instruments would be
                          considered as increased significantly.

                          By setting quantitative and qualitative threshold, and upper limit, the Group determines whether the
                          credit risk of financial instruments has increased significantly since initial recognition. The judgment
                          mainly includes (1) credit risk of borrowers declining to Grade 15 or below since initial recognition; (2)
                          adverse changes in business, financial or operating conditions of borrowers and in economic conditions;
                          (3) significant increase in other credit risk. For the borrowers who are 30 days (exclusive) to 90 days
                          (inclusive) past due on their contractual payments (including principal and interest), the Group considers
                          that their credit risk has increased significantly and classifies them to stage 2.

                          After the outbreak of COVID-19, China has adopted various measures to continuously control and prevent
                          the disease across the country. In accordance with the policies of the central government and regulatory
                          policies and in light of its credit management needs, the Group has developed detailed assessment criteria
                          and as well as relevant relief measures for its clients affected by the disease. For clients applying for loan
                          extensions, the Group made prudential assessment of their repayment ability; for those meeting the
                          criteria of the relief policies, the Bank provided relief to them in the form of deferred interest payment
                          and by making favorable adjustments to their repayment schedules. In addition, the Group performed
                          individual and collective assessments of these clients to assess whether there had been a significant increase
                          in their credit risk.

                   (2)    Definition of credit-impaired assets
                          When credit impairment occurred, the Group defines that the financial asset is in default. In general, a
                          financial asset that is overdue for more than 90 days is considered to be in default.

                          When one or more events that significant adversely affect the expected future cash flow of a financial
                          asset occurs, the financial asset becomes a credit-impaired financial asset. Evidence of credit-impaired
                          financial assets includes the following observable information:

                          •      The issuer or borrower is in significant financial difficulties

                          •      The borrower is in breach of financial covenant(s) such as default or overdue in repayment of
                                 interests or principal etc.

                          •      The creditor gives the debtor no concession under any other circumstances, for economic or
                                 contractual reasons relating to the debtor’s financial difficulties

                          •      It is becoming probably that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other debt restructuring

                          •      An active market for that financial asset has disappeared because of financial difficulties from
                                 issuer or borrower

                          •      Financial assets are purchased or originated at a deep discount that reflects the incurred credit
                                 losses

                          The Group’s default definition has been consistently applied to the modeling of default probability,
                          default risk exposure and default loss rate in the Group’s ECL calculation process.




272   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                   (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
          Measurement of expected credit losses (Continued)
          (3)   Inputs for measurement of expected credit losses
                The expected credit loss is measured on either a 12-month or lifetime basis depending on whether a
                significant increase in credit risk has occurred or whether an asset is considered to be credit-impaired.
                Related definitions are as follows

                •      The probability of default represents the likelihood of a borrower defaulting on its financial
                       obligations, either over the next 12 months or over the remaining lifetime of the obligation.

                •      Loss given default (“LGD”) represents the Group’s expectation of the extent of loss on a defaulted
                       exposure. LGD varies by type of counterparty, type and seniority of claim, and availability of
                       collateral or other credit support. LGD is expressed as a percentage loss per unit of exposure at
                       the time of default and is calculated on a 12-month or lifetime basis.

                •      Exposure at default (“EAD”) is based on the amounts that the Group expects to be owned at the
                       time of default, over the next 12 months or over the remaining lifetime of the obligation.

                The Group regularly monitors and reviews the assumptions related to the calculation of ECL, including
                the PD and the change in the value of collateral over time.

                The Group separates exposures with similar risk characteristics into groups and collectively estimates their
                risk parameters, including PDs, LGDs, and EADs. In 2020, based on data accumulation and assessment
                of the impact of COVID-19, the Group optimized and updated relevant models and parameters. The
                Group has obtained sufficient information to ensure its statistical reliability. The Group makes allowances
                for its expected credit losses based on on-going assessment of and follow-up on changes in its customers
                and their financial assets on an individual basis.

          (4)   Forward-looking information
                The assessment of significant increase in credit risk and the calculation of expected credit losses both
                incorporate forward-looking information. The Group has performed historical analysis and identified the
                key economic variables impacting credit risk and expected credit losses for each asset portfolio.

                These economic variables and their associated impact on the probability of default vary by financial
                instruments. Expert judgment has also been applied in this process, forecasts of these economic variables
                are estimated by the experts of the Group on a quarterly basis, and the impact of these economic variables
                on the probability of default and the exposure at default was determined by statistical regression analysis.

                In addition to the neutral economic scenario, the Group determine the possible scenarios and their
                weightings by a combination of statistical analysis and expert judgment. The Group measures expected
                credit losses as either a probability weighted 12 months expected credit losses (stage 1) or a probability
                weight lifetime expected credit losses (stage 2 and stage 3). These probability-weighted expected credit
                losses are determined by running each scenario through the relevant expected credit losses model and
                multiplying it by the appropriate scenario weighting.




                                                                                                         2020 Annual Report    273
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
                   Measurement of expected credit losses (Continued)
                   (4)    Forward-looking information (Continued)
                          Macroeconomic scenario and weighting information
                          The Group has performed historical analysis and identified the key economic variables impacting credit
                          risk and ECL for each portfolio. The Group considers internal and external data, experts prediction, and
                          the best estimation of future, to determine the weightings in positive, neutral and negative scenarios.
                          Neutral is defined as the most likely to happen in the future, as compared to other scenarios. Positive
                          scenario and negative scenario represents the possible scenario that is better off or worse off scenario
                          compared to neutral scenario respectively.

                          Due to COVID-19’s impact on the macro economy, management reassessed and updated the key
                          economic indicators affecting ECLs and their estimates during the reporting period based on the latest
                          historical data. The economic indicators currently applied in the neutral scenario, including gross profit
                          of industrial enterprises and completed fixed-asset investment, are basically consistent with the forecast
                          of research institutions.

                          In 2020, the Group has considered different macroeconomic scenarios, and the key macroeconomic
                          scenario assumptions in estimating ECL are set out below:

                            Variables                                                                                        Range
                            Industrial Added Valuer                                                                 5.00%~9.00%
                            Total Retail Sales of Consumer Goods                                                   9.00%~20.00%
                            Broad Money Supply (M2)                                                                7.00%~14.00%

                          Currently, the weighting of neutral scenario is equal to the sum of the weightings of positive and negative
                          scenarios. Following this assessment, the Group measures ECL as a weighted average probability of ECL
                          in the next 12-month under the three scenarios for Stage 1 financial instruments; and a weighted average
                          probability of lifetime ECL for Stage 2 and 3 financial instruments.

                          Considering the portfolios that cannot be modeled by regression, such as those with extremely low default
                          rate or without appropriate internal rating data, the group mainly adopts the expected loss ratio of similar
                          portfolios with established regression models, in order to expand the coverage of the existing ECL model.




274   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
          Measurement of expected credit losses (Continued)
          (5)   Sensitivity information and management overlay
                The change of the inputs for measurement of ECL and forward-looking information impact the assessment
                of significant increase in credit risk and measurement of credit loss.

                As at 31 December 2020, assuming a 10% increase in the weighting of the positive scenario and a 10%
                decrease in the weighting of the neutral scenario, the group’s credit impairment losses will be reduced
                by no more than 5% of the current credit impairment losses; assuming a 10% increase in the weighting
                of the negative scenario and a 10% decrease in the weighting of the neutral scenario, the group’s credit
                impairment losses will increase by no more than 5% of the current credit impairment losses.

                As at 31 December 2020, an assumption of 5% increase in all macroeconomic factors would result in a
                decrease of no more than 10% of the current impairment loss allowances of the Group and the Bank,
                and an assumption of a 5% decrease in all macroeconomic factors would result in an increase of no more
                than 10% of the current impairment loss allowances of the Group and the Bank.

                In 2020, COVID-19 had a significant impact on the macro economy in China. The Group, in response
                to the call of the state, provided relief to its customers who had been severely affected by the pandemic.
                As the exposures to deferred repayments had not yet become clear, the management applied overlays
                to better reflect the impact of COVID-19, but the adjustments were insignificant in relation to the
                expected credit losses.

                Allowance for impairment losses of performing loans and advances to customers consists of ECL from
                Stage 1 and Stage 2 which is measured based on 12 months ECL and lifetime ECL respectively. Loans
                and advances to customers in Stage 1 transfer to Stage 2 when there is a significant increase in credit risk.
                The following table presents the estimated impact as if the ECL of all performing loans and advances to
                customers are measured based on 12 months ECL, holding all other risk profile constant.

                                                                                    31 December              31 December
                                                                                           2020                     2019
                  Performing loans and advances to customers
                  Allowance of impairment losses assuming loans in
                    stage 2 transfer to stage 1                                            70,009                  59,919
                  Impact of stage transfers                                                 3,101                   2,098
                  Current allowance for impairment losses                                  73,110                  62,017




                                                                                                        2020 Annual Report      275
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
                   (i)    Maximum credit risk exposure
                          The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date without taking into consideration of any
                          collateral held or other credit enhancement is represented by the net balance of each type of financial
                          assets in the consolidated statement of financial position after deducting any allowance for impairment
                          losses. A summary of the maximum exposure is as follows:

                                                                                  31 December 2020
                                                        Stage 1         Stage 2            Stage 3   Not applicable        Total
                            Balances with central
                               banks                    429,218             —                  —                —       429,218
                            Deposits with bank and
                               non-bank financial
                               institutions             133,392             —                  —                —       133,392
                            Placements with and
                               loans to banks and
                               non-bank financial
                               institutions             168,380             —                  —                —       168,380
                            Derivative financial
                               assets                       —               —                  —            40,064       40,064
                            Financial assets
                               held under resale
                               agreements               111,110             —                  —                —       111,110
                            Loans and advances to
                               customers (Notes(i))   4,253,422         74,042             25,608            7,124     4,360,196
                            Financial investments
                              — at fair value
                                     through profit
                                     or loss                 —              —                  —           405,632      405,632
                              — at amortised cost       937,552          3,818             18,046               —       959,416
                              — at fair value
                                     through other
                                     comprehensive
                                     income             723,505            132                487               —       724,124
                              — designated at
                                     fair value
                                     through other
                                     comprehensive
                                     income                  —              —                  —             3,560         3,560
                            Other financial assets       19,002          3,450                733               —         23,185
                            Subtotal                  6,775,581         81,442             44,874          456,380     7,358,277
                            Credit commitments        1,476,141            888                 92               —      1,477,121
                            Maximum credit risk
                              exposure                8,251,722         82,330             44,966          456,380     8,835,398




276   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
          (i)   Maximum credit risk exposure (Continued)
                                                                           31 December 2019
                                                Stage 1          Stage 2            Stage 3   Not applicable          Total
                 Balances with central
                    banks                      456,813               —                  —                —          456,813
                 Deposits with bank and
                    non-bank financial
                    institutions               121,297               —                  —                —          121,297
                 Placements with and
                    loans to banks and
                    non-bank financial
                    institutions               204,547               —                  —                —          204,547
                 Derivative financial
                    assets                          —                —                  —            17,117          17,117
                 Financial assets
                    held under resale
                    agreements                   9,954               —                  —                —            9,954
                 Loans and advances to
                    customers (Notes(i))     3,798,800           71,130             15,757            6,915       3,892,602
                 Financial investments
                   — at fair value
                          through profit
                          or loss                   —                —                  —           317,546         317,546
                   — at amortised cost         907,906           10,458              5,870               —          924,234
                   — at fair value
                          through other
                          comprehensive
                          income               628,457              123                200               —          628,780
                   — designated at
                          fair value
                          through other
                          comprehensive
                          income                    —                —                  —             3,036           3,036
                 Other financial assets         31,138            2,118                728               —           33,984
                 Subtotal                    6,158,912           83,829             22,555          344,614       6,609,910
                 Credit commitments          1,266,571            8,316                188               —        1,275,075
                 Maximum credit risk
                   exposure                  7,425,483           92,145             22,743          344,614       7,884,985

                According to the quality of assets, the Group classified the credit rating of the financial assets as risk
                level 1, risk level 2, risk level 3 and default. “Risk level 1” refers to customers who have competitive
                advantages among local peers with good foundations, outstanding operation results, strong operational
                and financial strength, and/or good corporate governance structure. “Risk level 2” refers to customers
                who are in the middle tier among local peers with fair foundations, fair operation results, fair operational
                and financial strength, and/or fair corporate governance structure. “Risk level 3” refers to customers who
                are in the lower-tier among local peers, with weak foundations, poor operation results, poor operational
                and financial strength, and/or deficiency in corporate governance structure. The definition of “Default”
                is same as the definition of credit-impaired. The credit rating is used for internal risk management.




                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report   277
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
                   (i)    Maximum credit risk exposure (Continued)
                          The following table provides an analysis of loans and advances to customers and financial investments that
                          are included in the ECL assessment according to the credit risk level. The book value of the following
                          financial assets is the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk for these assets.

                                                                                           31 December 2020
                                                                                                                         Allowance
                                                                                                                                for
                                                                                                                        impairment
                                                       Risk level 1 Risk level 2 Risk level 3    Default       Subtotal      losses Net balance
                            Loans and advances to
                               customers (Note(i))
                               Stage 1                  3,447,373      782,522        66,723          —       4,296,618    (43,196)   4,253,422
                               Stage 2                        821       23,518        79,226          —         103,565    (29,523)      74,042
                               Stage 3                         —            —             —       78,592         78,592    (52,984)      25,608
                            Financial investments
                               at amortised cost
                               Stage 1                    711,830      229,100            —           —        940,930      (3,378)    937,552
                               Stage 2                         —         1,596         2,722          —          4,318        (500)      3,818
                               Stage 3 (Note(ii))              —            —             —       27,938        27,938      (9,892)     18,046
                            Financial investments
                               at fair value through
                               other comprehensive
                               income
                               Stage 1                    480,351      243,154            —          —         723,505      (1,503)    723,505
                               Stage 2                        132           —             —          —             132          (1)        132
                               Stage 3                         —            —             —         487            487      (1,147)        487
                            Maximum credit risk
                              exposure                  4,640,507    1,279,890       148,671     107,017      6,176,085   (142,124)   6,036,612




278   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                           (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
          (i)   Maximum credit risk exposure (Continued)
                                                                                        31 December 2019
                                                                                                                          Allowance
                                                                                                                                  for
                                                                                                                         impairment
                                             Risk level 1 Risk level 2 Risk level 3              Default        Subtotal       losses Net balance
                  Loans and advances to
                     customers (Note(i))
                     Stage 1                  3,143,219         621,373          69,770              —        3,834,362         (35,562)     3,798,800
                     Stage 2                      2,154          11,153          83,911              —           97,218         (26,088)        71,130
                     Stage 3                         —               —               —           69,596          69,596         (53,839)        15,757
                  Financial investments at
                     amortised cost
                     Stage 1                    830,071           80,948             501              —         911,520          (3,614)       907,906
                     Stage 2                         —            10,792              —               —          10,792            (334)        10,458
                     Stage 3 (Note(ii))              —                —               —            8,698          8,698          (2,828)         5,870
                  Financial investments
                     at fair value through
                     other comprehensive
                     income
                     Stage 1                    577,688           50,769              —               —         628,457          (1,331)       628,457
                     Stage 2                         —               123              —               —             123              (3)           123
                     Stage 3                         —                —               —              200            200            (297)           200
                  Maximum credit risk
                    exposure                  4,553,132         775,158         154,182          78,494       5,560,966        (123,896)     5,438,701

                Note:


                (i)     Loans and advances to customers includes loans and advances to customers measured at fair value through other comprehensive income,
                        and its corresponding impairment does not include in the “Allowance for impairment losses” as shown in the table.


                (ii)    Claims in Stage 3 mainly represent investment management products and trust investment plans(Note 55 (a)(viii)).




                                                                                                                                 2020 Annual Report           279
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
                   (ii)   Measurement of expected credit losses
                          The following table shows the movement in carrying value of loans and advances to customers in current
                          reporting period:

                                                                                      31 December 2020
                                                                            Stage 1             Stage 2                Stage 3
                            As at 1 January 2020                         3,834,362               97,218                69,596
                            Movements
                              Net transfers out from Stage 1              (122,850)                  —                     —
                              Net transfers in to Stage 2                       —                21,769                    —
                              Net transfers in to Stage 3                       —                    —                101,081
                            Net transactions incurred during
                              the year (Note(i))                           595,704              (14,205)              (22,769)
                            Write-off                                           —                    —                (69,129)
                            Others (Note(ii))                              (10,598)              (1,217)                 (187)
                            As at 31 December 2020                       4,296,618              103,565                78,592

                                                                                      31 December 2019
                                                                            Stage 1             Stage 2                Stage 3
                            As at 1 January 2019                         3,457,641                93,676               65,433
                            Movements
                              Net transfers out from Stage 1              (113,799)                   —                    —
                              Net transfers in to Stage 2                       —                 42,217                   —
                              Net transfers in to Stage 3                       —                     —                71,582
                            Net transactions incurred during
                              the year (Note(i))                           486,777               (38,913)              (6,733)
                            Write-off                                           —                     —               (60,686)
                            Others (Note(ii))                                3,743                   238                   —
                            As at 31 December 2019                       3,834,362                97,218               69,596




280   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                               (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
          (ii)   Measurement of expected credit losses (Continued)
                 The following table shows the movement in carrying value of financial investment in current reporting
                 period:

                                                                                                    31 December 2020
                                                                                       Stage 1                Stage 2                           Stage 3
                   As at 1 January 2020                                            1,539,977                          10,915                      8,898
                   Movements
                     Net transfers out from Stage 1                                     (3,337)                            —                         —
                     Net transfers out from Stage 2                                         —                          (1,540)                       —
                     Net transfers in to Stage 3                                            —                              —                      4,877
                   Net transactions incurred during
                     the year (Note(i))                                               131,136                          (5,041)                   15,073
                   Write-off                                                               —                               —                       (453)
                   Others (Note(ii))                                                   (3,341)                            116                        30
                   As at 31 December 2020                                          1,664,435                            4,450                    28,425

                                                                                                     31 December 2019
                                                                                        Stage 1                Stage 2                           Stage 3
                   As at 1 January 2019                                             1,286,574                            3,995                     1,385
                   Movements
                     Net transfers out from Stage 1                                    (11,260)                            —                          —
                     Net transfers in to Stage 2                                            —                          10,368                         —
                     Net transfers in to Stage 3                                            —                              —                         892
                   Net transactions incurred during
                     the year (Note(i))                                               253,869                          (3,516)                     6,810
                   Write-off                                                               —                               —                        (186)
                   Others (Note(ii))                                                   10,794                              68                         (3)
                   As at 31 December 2019                                           1,539,977                          10,915                      8,898

                 Notes:


                 (i)      Net transactions incurred during the year mainly includes changes in carrying amount due to purchased, originated or de-recognition
                          excepting for write-off.


                 (ii)     Others include changes of interest receivables, and effect of exchange differences during the year.




                                                                                                                                   2020 Annual Report           281
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
                   (ii)   Measurement of expected credit losses (Continued)
                          The following table shows the movement in allowance for impairment of loans and advances to customers
                          in current reporting period:

                                                                                      31 December 2020
                                                                           Stage 1              Stage 2               Stage 3
                            As at 1 January 2020                           36,015                26,088               53,853
                            Movements (Note(i))
                              Net transfers out from Stage 1                (3,367)                  —                    —
                              Net transfers in to Stage 2                       —                   879                   —
                              Net transfers in to Stage 3                       —                    —                45,021
                            Net transactions incurred during
                              the year (Note(ii))                          10,575                (4,962)              (3,043)
                            Changes in parameters for the year
                              (Note(iii))                                      165                7,668               16,349
                            Write-off                                           —                    —               (69,129)
                            Others (Notes(iv))                                 346                 (146)               9,939
                            As at 31 December 2020                         43,734                29,527               52,990

                                                                                      31 December 2019
                                                                           Stage 1              Stage 2               Stage 3
                            As at 1 January 2019                            32,072               22,788               46,372
                            Movements (Note(i))
                              Net transfers out from Stage 1                (2,328)                  —                    —
                              Net transfers in to Stage 2                       —                 6,134                   —
                              Net transfers in to Stage 3                       —                    —                42,339
                            Net transactions incurred during
                              the year (Note(ii))                             5,769              (8,610)               (1,738)
                            Changes in parameters for the year
                              (Note(iii))                                      327                5,747               21,153
                            Write-off                                           —                    —               (60,686)
                            Others (Notes(iv))                                 175                   29                6,413
                            As at 31 December 2019                          36,015               26,088               53,853




282   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
          (ii)   Measurement of expected credit losses (Continued)
                 The following table shows the movement in allowance for impairment of financial investment in current
                 reporting period:

                                                                                                    31 December 2020
                                                                                       Stage 1                Stage 2                                Stage 3
                   As at 1 January 2020                                                   4,945                            337                         3,125
                   Movements (Note(i))
                     Net transfers out from Stage 1                                          (55)                            —                            —
                     Net transfers out from Stage 2                                           —                             (27)                          —
                     Net transfers in to Stage 3                                              —                              —                         1,408
                   Net transactions incurred during
                     the year (Note(ii))                                                      96                          (152)                        3,931
                   Changes in parameters for the year
                     (Note(iii))                                                             (85)                          343                         3,034
                   Write-off                                                                  —                             —                           (453)
                   Others (Notes(iv))                                                        (20)                           —                             (6)
                   As at 31 December 2020                                                 4,881                            501                       11,039

                                                                                                     31 December 2019
                                                                                        Stage 1                Stage 2                               Stage 3
                   As at 1 January 2019                                                   3,407                            154                            848
                   Movements (Note(i))
                     Net transfers out from Stage 1                                          (56)                           —                              —
                     Net transfers in to Stage 2                                              —                            195                             —
                     Net transfers in to Stage 3                                              —                             —                             138
                   Net transactions incurred during
                     the year (Note(ii))                                                  1,610                             (12)                        2,135
                   Changes in parameters for the year
                     (Note(iii))                                                             (23)                            —                            190
                   Write-off                                                                  —                              —                           (186)
                   Others (Notes(iv))                                                          7                             —                             —
                   As at 31 December 2019                                                 4,945                            337                          3,125

                 Notes:


                 (i)      Movements in allowance for impairment during the year mainly include the impact of stage changes on the measurement of ECLs.


                 (ii)     Net transactions incurred during the year mainly includes changes in allowance for impairment due to financial assets purchased,
                          originated or de-recognition (excluding write-offs).


                 (iii)    Changes in parameters mainly include changes in risk exposures and the impacts on ECLs due to changes in PDs and LGDs following
                          regular updates on modelling parameters rather than stages movements,.


                 (iv)     Others include recovery of loans written off, changes of impairment losses of interest receivables, and effect of exchange differences.




                                                                                                                                       2020 Annual Report           283
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
                   (iii)   Loans and advances to customers analysed by industry sector:
                                                              31 December 2020                          31 December 2019
                                                                                 Loans and                                 Loans and
                                                                                   advances                                  advances
                                                          Gross                  secured by        Gross                   secured by
                                                         balance         %         collateral     balance           %        collateral
                            Corporate loans
                              — rental and business
                                  services              413,523         9.2        199,937       352,732           8.8       190,879
                              — water, environment
                                  and public utility
                                  management            339,006         7.6        135,038       268,942           6.7       124,285
                              — manufacturing           326,803         7.3        153,858       257,675           6.4       114,547
                              — real estate             287,608         6.4        245,771       288,975           7.2       256,672
                              — wholesale and retail    156,957         3.5        103,455       146,883           3.7        87,346
                              — transportation,
                                  storage and postal
                                  services              134,379         3.0          73,948      152,127           3.8         70,036
                              — construction             99,894         2.2          55,028       94,701           2.4         44,461
                              — production and
                                  supply of electric
                                  power, gas and
                                  water                  86,006         1.9          42,704       66,215           1.7         47,132
                              — public management
                                  and social
                                  organisations          10,701         0.2            770        12,743           0.3         6,733
                              — others                  315,523         7.0        119,119       314,526           7.8       135,663
                            Subtotal                   2,170,400       48.3      1,129,628      1,955,519         48.8     1,077,754
                            Personal loans             1,891,900       42.2      1,301,553      1,730,814         43.2     1,142,987
                            Discounted bills             411,007        9.2             —         311,654          7.7            —
                            Accrued interest              12,592        0.3             —          10,104          0.3            —
                            Gross loans and advances
                              to customers             4,485,899      100.0      2,431,181      4,008,091       100.0      2,220,741

                   (iv)    Loans and advances to customers analysed by geographical sector:
                                                              31 December 2020                          31 December 2019
                                                                                 Loans and                                 Loans and
                                                                                   advances                                  advances
                                                          Gross                  secured by        Gross                   secured by
                                                         balance         %         collateral     balance           %        collateral
                            Bohai Rim (including
                              Head Office)             1,269,385       28.3        426,551      1,224,035         30.5       420,248
                            Yangtze River Delta        1,089,758       24.3        661,154        920,846         23.0       592,602
                            Pearl River Delta and
                              West Strait               681,024        15.2        516,328       598,313          14.9       472,112
                            Central                     612,438        13.7        355,493       534,366          13.3       329,238
                            Western                     544,949        12.1        326,333       474,109          11.8       275,498
                            Northeastern                 89,167         2.0         60,338        77,694           1.9        55,767
                            Outside Mainland China      186,586         4.1         84,984       168,624           4.3        75,276
                            Accrued interest             12,592         0.3             —         10,104           0.3            —
                            Total                      4,485,899      100.0      2,431,181      4,008,091       100.0      2,220,741




284   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
          (v)    Loans and advances to customers analysed by type of security
                                                                                   31 December              31 December
                                                                                          2020                     2019
                  Unsecured loans                                                      1,118,670                 976,047
                  Guaranteed loans                                                       512,449                 489,545
                  Secured loans                                                        2,431,181               2,220,741
                    — loans secured by collateral                                      1,979,989               1,822,815
                    — pledged loans                                                      451,192                 397,926
                  Subtotal                                                             4,062,300               3,686,333
                  Discounted bills                                                       411,007                 311,654
                  Accrued interest                                                        12,592                  10,104
                  Gross loans and advances to customers                                4,485,899               4,008,091

          (vi)   Rescheduled loans and advances to customers
                                                   31 December 2020                         31 December 2019
                                                             % of total loans                         % of total loans
                                               Gross balance   and advances             Gross balance    and advances
                  Rescheduled loans and
                    advances:                         22,030               0.49%               22,792              0.57%
                    — rescheduled loans
                       and advances
                       overdue more
                       than 3 months                  14,174               0.32%               10,800              0.27%

                 Rescheduled loans and advances are those loans and advances to customers which have been restructured
                 or renegotiated after their credit condition declined. And for the purpose of management, the Group
                 reorganizes the loans that have been classified as bad under the premise of satisfying credit enhancement,
                 aiming at the deterioration of the borrower’s financial position before the loan matures. As at 31 December
                 2020, with borrowers’ financial difficulty, the concession the Group considered resulted from economic
                 or legal reasons is not significant.




                                                                                                        2020 Annual Report     285
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
                   (vii)   Debt securities analysed by credit rating
                           The Group adopts a credit rating approach to manage credit risk of its debt instruments portfolio. The
                           ratings are obtained from major rating agencies where the debt instruments are issued. The carrying
                           amounts of debt instruments investments analysed by rating as at the end of the reporting period are
                           as follows:

                                                                                                    31 December 2020
                                                                 Unrated                AAA              AA                    A        Below A               Total
                                                                (Note (i))
                             Debt securities issued by:
                               — governments                     593,075           225,197            13,536              5,350                10          837,168
                               — policy banks                    114,669                —                 —               5,860                —           120,529
                               — public entities                       8                —              1,965                  5                23            2,001
                               — banks and non-
                                      bank financial
                                      institutions                 58,546          346,741              4,675           24,808             7,335           442,105
                               — corporates                        44,691           27,445              7,728           12,201            10,596           102,661
                             Investment management
                               products managed by
                               securities companies              102,318                  —                 —                 —                —           102,318
                             Trust investment plans              182,086                  —                 —                 —                —           182,086
                             Total                             1,095,393           599,383            27,904            48,224            17,964          1,788,868

                                                                                                     31 December 2019
                                                                 Unrated                AAA              AA                    A         Below A              Total
                                                                (Note (i))
                             Debt securities issued by:
                               — governments                      490,734           175,718            14,895             1,786                —           683,133
                               — policy banks                      94,455                —                 —              6,062                —           100,517
                               — public entities                       —                102               346                —                 —               448
                               — banks and non-
                                      bank financial
                                      institutions                 35,558          321,254              6,151           25,349              9,531          397,843
                               — corporates                        44,596           36,881             11,023           15,593              9,188          117,281
                             Investment management
                               products managed by
                               securities companies               185,854                 —               406                 —                17          186,277
                             Trust investment plans               157,194                 —                —                  —                —           157,194
                             Total                              1,008,391           533,955            32,821           48,790            18,736          1,642,693

                           Note:


                           (i)       Unrated debt securities held by the Group are primarily bonds issued by the Chinese government, policy banks, banks, non-bank
                                     financial institutions, investment management products managed by securities companies and trust investment plans.




286   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
          (viii) Investment management products managed by securities companies and trust investment plans analysed
                  by type of underlying assets
                                                                                      31 December               31 December
                                                                                             2020                      2019
                   Investment management products managed by
                     securities companies and trust investment plans
                     — credit assets                                                        260,555                   265,969
                     — rediscounted bills                                                    34,298                    80,513
                   Total                                                                    294,853                   346,482

                 The Group divides investment management products managed by securities companies and trust
                 investment plans into comprehensive credit management system, to manage its credit risk exposure in a
                 holistic manner. The type of collateral of credit assets includes guarantee, security by collateral, and pledge.

    (b)   Market risk
          Market risk refers to risks that may cause a loss of on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet businesses for the
          Group due to the adverse movement of market prices, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, stock
          prices and commodity prices. The Group has established a market risk management system that formulates
          procedures to identify, measure, supervise and control market risks. This system aims to limit market risk to an
          acceptable level through examining and approving new products and limit management.

          Risk and Internal Control Committee of the Group is responsible for approving market risk management policies,
          establishing appropriate organizational structure and information systems to effectively identify, measure, monitor
          and control market risks, and ensuring adequate resources to reinforce the market risk management. The Risk
          Management Department is responsible for independently managing and controlling market risks of the Group,
          including developing market risk management policies and authorization limits, providing independent report
          of market risk to identify, measure and monitor the Group’s market risk. Business departments are responsible
          for the day-to-day management of market risks, including effectively identifying, measuring, controlling market
          risk factors associated with the relevant operations, so as to ensure the dynamic balance between business
          development and risk undertaking.

          The Group uses sensitivity analysis, foreign exchange exposure and interest rate re-pricing gap analysis as the
          primary instruments to monitor market risk.

          Interest rate risk and currency risk are the major market risks that the Group is exposed to.

          Interest rate risk
          The Group’s interest rate exposures mainly arise from the mismatching of assets and liabilities’ re-pricing dates,
          as well as the effect of interest rate volatility on trading positions.

          The Group primarily uses gap analysis to assess and monitor its re-pricing risk and adjust the ratio of floating
          and fixed rate exposures, the loan re-pricing cycle, as well as optimization of the term structure of its deposits
          accordingly.

          The Group implements various methods, such as duration analysis, sensitivity analysis, stress testing and scenario
          simulation, to measure, manage and report the interest rate risk on a regular basis.




                                                                                                            2020 Annual Report      287
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (b)   Market risk (Continued)
                   Interest rate risk (Continued)
                   The following tables summarise the average interest rates, and the next re-pricing dates or contractual maturity
                   date whichever is earlier for the assets and liabilities as at the end of each reporting date.

                                                                                               31 December 2020
                                                                                                            Between
                                                                                              Less than        three   Between
                                                       Average                 Non-interest       three months and one and five   More than
                                                   interest rate       Total       bearing      months      one year      years    five years
                                                     (Note (i))
                     Assets
                     Cash and balances with
                        central banks                   1.51%       435,169         19,013     416,156          —            —            —
                     Deposits with banks and
                        non-bank financial
                        institutions                    2.19%       133,392            437      99,947      33,008           —            —
                     Placements with and loans
                        to banks and non-bank
                        financial institutions          1.90%       168,380          1,358     104,955      55,867        6,200           —
                     Financial assets held under
                        resale agreements               1.62%       111,110             12     111,098          —            —            —
                     Loans and advances to
                        customers (Note (ii))           5.31%      4,360,196        12,441    2,762,743   1,360,509     212,950      11,553
                     Financial investments
                       — at fair value through
                              profit or loss                        405,632        288,749      55,957      37,944       14,036       8,946
                       — at amortised cost              4.00%       959,416         10,357      55,805     129,048      483,533     280,673
                       — at fair value
                              through other
                              comprehensive
                              income                    3.22%       724,124          6,554      88,146     134,983      398,216      96,225
                       — designated at
                              fair value
                              through other
                              comprehensive
                              income                                  3,560          3,560          —           —            —            —
                     Others                                         210,182        210,182          —           —            —            —
                     Total assets                                  7,511,161       552,663    3,694,807   1,751,359   1,114,935     397,397




288   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                           (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (b)   Market risk (Continued)
          Interest rate risk (Continued)
                                                                                       31 December 2020
                                                                                                    Between
                                                                                      Less than        three   Between
                                               Average                 Non-interest       three months and one and five   More than
                                           interest rate       Total       bearing      months      one year      years    five years
                                             (Note (i))
           Liabilities
           Borrowing from central
              banks                             3.25%       224,391             —        9,279     215,112           —            —
           Deposits from banks and
              non-bank financial
              institutions                      2.36%      1,163,641         3,508     868,561     291,572           —            —
           Placements from banks
              and non-bank financial
              institutions                      2.39%        57,756            201      19,560      32,187        5,808           —
           Financial liabilities at fair
              value through profit
              or loss                                         8,654          8,409          —           —           94           151
           Financial assets sold under
              repurchase agreements             2.03%         75,271            —        62,078     13,193           —           —
           Deposits from customers              2.10%      4,572,286        65,645    3,230,793    551,612      724,210          26
           Debt securities issued               3.13%        732,958         2,773      194,831    348,184       77,200     109,970
           Lease liabilities                    4.55%         10,504           770          784      2,075        5,688       1,187
           Others                                            105,662       105,662           —          —            —           —
           Total liabilities                               6,951,123       186,968    4,385,886   1,453,935     813,000     111,334
           Interest rate gap                                560,038        365,695    (691,079)    297,424      301,935     286,063




                                                                                                                 2020 Annual Report     289
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (b)   Market risk (Continued)
                   Interest rate risk (Continued)
                                                                                              31 December 2019
                                                                                                            Between       Between
                                                       Average               Non-interest    Less than three months   one and five   More than
                                                   interest rate       Total     bearing three months and one year           years    five years
                                                     (Note (i))
                     Assets
                     Cash and balances with
                        central banks                   1.55%       463,158       17,743      445,415           —              —             —
                     Deposits with banks and
                        non-bank financial
                        institutions                    2.00%       121,297        1,349       53,285        66,663            —             —
                     Placements with and loans
                        to banks and non-bank
                        financial institutions          2.82%       204,547        1,218      149,333        39,546        14,450            —
                     Financial assets held under
                        resale agreements               2.13%         9,954           —          9,954          —              —             —
                     Loans and advances to
                        customers (Note (ii))           5.60%      3,892,602       9,958     1,629,459    2,073,626      166,427        13,132
                     Financial investments
                       — at fair value through
                              profit or loss                        317,546      219,536       49,923        26,845       15,508         5,734
                       — at amortised cost              4.39%       924,234          112      362,026        78,763      367,340       115,993
                       — at fair value
                              through other
                              comprehensive
                              income                    3.66%       628,780          427       44,913        92,694      348,325       142,421
                       — designated at
                              fair value
                              through other
                              comprehensive
                              income                                  3,036        3,036           —            —              —             —
                     Others                                         185,279      185,279           —            —              —             —
                     Total assets                                  6,750,433     438,658     2,744,308    2,378,137      912,050       277,280




290   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                    (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (b)   Market risk (Continued)
          Interest rate risk (Continued)
                                                                                             31 December 2019
                                                                                                           Between                       Between
                                                Average                     Non-interest    Less than three months                   one and five           More than
                                            interest rate             Total     bearing three months and one year                           years            five years
                                              (Note (i))
            Liabilities
            Borrowing from central
               banks                              3.34%           240,298                  —            11,358          228,940                  —                  —
            Deposits from banks and
               non-bank financial
               institutions                       2.79%           951,122              2,710          702,939           245,473                  —                  —
            Placements from banks
               and non-bank financial
               institutions                       2.89%             92,539               484            57,432            31,714             2,909                  —
            Financial liabilities at fair
               value through profit
               or loss                                                 847               716               131                 —                 —                  —
            Financial assets sold under
               repurchase agreements              2.40%           111,838                 23           80,155            31,660                —                   —
            Deposits from customers               2.08%         4,073,258             50,932        2,782,857           645,144           593,397                 928
            Debt securities issued                3.80%           650,274              3,512           71,769           458,267             9,022             107,704
            Lease liabilities                     4.68%            10,896                790               11               108             5,303               4,684
            Others                                                 86,837             86,837               —                 —                 —                   —
            Total liabilities                                   6,217,909           146,004         3,706,652         1,641,306           610,631             113,316
            Interest rate gap                                     532,524           292,654          (962,344)          736,831           301,419             163,964

          Notes:


          (i)      Average interest rate represented the ratio of interest income/expense to average interest bearing assets/liabilities during the year.


          (ii)     For loans and advances to customers, the “Less than three months” category included overdue amounts (net of allowance for impairment losses)
                   of RMB36,526 million as at 31 December 2020 (as at 31 December 2019: RMB43,791 million).




                                                                                                                                            2020 Annual Report            291
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (b)   Market risk (Continued)
                   Interest rate risk (Continued)
                   The Group uses sensitivity analysis to measure the potential effect of changes in interest rates on the Group’s
                   net interest income. The following table sets forth the results of the Group’s interest rate sensitivity analysis as
                   at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019.

                                                              31 December 2020                         31 December 2019
                                                                                   Other                                    Other
                                                           Net interest     comprehensive           Net interest     comprehensive
                                                               income             income                income             income
                     +100 basis points                          (4,680)              (4,708)              (4,097)             (3,407)
                     - 100 basis points                          4,680                4,708                4,097               3,407

                   This sensitivity analysis is based on a static interest rate risk profile of the Group’s non-derivative assets and
                   liabilities and certain assumptions as discussed below. The analysis measures only the impact of changes in interest
                   rates within one year, showing how annualized interest income would have been affected by repricing of the
                   Group’s non-derivative assets and liabilities within the one-year period. The analysis is based on the following
                   assumptions: (i) all assets and liabilities that reprice or mature within the three months bracket, and the after
                   three months but within one year bracket are both reprice or mature at the beginning of the respective periods,
                   (ii) it does not reflect the potential impact of unparalleled yield curve movements, and (iii) there are no other
                   changes to the portfolio, all positions will be retained and rolled over upon maturity. The analysis does not take
                   into account the effect of risk management measures taken by management. Due to the assumptions adopted,
                   actual changes in the Group’s net interest income and other comprehensive income resulting from increases or
                   decreases in interest rates may differ from the results of this sensitivity analysis.

                   Currency risk
                   Currency risk arises from the potential change of exchange rates that cause a loss to the on-balance sheet and
                   off-balance sheet business of the Group. The Group measures its currency risk with foreign currency exposures,
                   and manages its currency risk by spot and forward foreign exchange transactions and matching its foreign
                   currency denominated assets with corresponding liabilities in the same currency, as well as using derivative
                   financial instruments, mainly foreign exchange swaps, to manage its exposure.




292   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (b)   Market risk (Continued)
          Currency risk (Continued)
          The exposures at the reporting date were as follows:

                                                                       31 December 2020
                                                     RMB           USD            HKD              Others          Total
                                                                  (RMB           (RMB               (RMB
                                                             equivalent)    equivalent)        equivalent)
           Assets
           Cash and balances with central
              banks                               421,605           12,678            648             238        435,169
           Deposits with banks and non-
              bank financial institutions          74,840           42,776          7,461           8,315        133,392
           Placements with and loans to
              banks and non-bank financial
              institutions                         89,233           64,482         13,194           1,471        168,380
           Financial assets held under resale
              agreements                           110,964             146             —               —         111,110
           Loans and advances to customers       4,096,592         134,953        103,010          25,641      4,360,196
           Financial investments
             — at fair value through profit
                     or loss                      391,754           13,167            711              —         405,632
             — at amortised cost                  954,051              943             —            4,422        959,416
             — at fair value through other
                     comprehensive income         635,191           64,566         17,353           7,014        724,124
             — designated at fair
                     value through other
                     comprehensive income           3,021              447             92              —           3,560
           Others                                 202,101            2,894          4,372             815        210,182
           Total assets                          6,979,352         337,052        146,841          47,916      7,511,161
           Liabilities
           Borrowings from central banks          224,391               —              —               —         224,391
           Deposits from banks and non-
              bank financial institutions        1,155,765           6,698          1,035             143      1,163,641
           Placements from banks and non-
              bank financial institutions          45,224           10,949            904             679         57,756
           Financial liabilities at fair value
              through profit or loss                8,407              246              1              —           8,654
           Financial assets sold under
              repurchase agreements                 75,271              —              —               —          75,271
           Deposits from customers               4,140,522         256,705        153,292          21,767      4,572,286
           Debt securities issued                  723,118           9,840             —               —         732,958
           Lease liabilities                         9,828              20            478             178         10,504
           Others                                  100,756           2,188          2,452             266        105,662
           Total liabilities                     6,483,282         286,646        158,162          23,033      6,951,123
           Net on-balance sheet position          496,070           50,406        (11,321)         24,883        560,038
           Credit commitments                    1,393,096          71,704          3,599           8,722      1,477,121
           Derivatives (Note (i))                  21,081          (39,417)        40,847         (18,375)         4,136




                                                                                                       2020 Annual Report    293
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (b)   Market risk (Continued)
                   Currency risk (Continued)
                   The exposures at the reporting date were as follows: (Continued)

                                                                                                   31 December 2019
                                                                          RMB                 USD            HKD                       Others                  Total
                                                                                            (RMB            (RMB                       (RMB
                                                                                        equivalent)     equivalent)                equivalent)
                     Assets
                     Cash and balances with central
                        banks                                           445,569              16,679                   694                   216            463,158
                     Deposits with banks and non-
                        bank financial institutions                      96,334              16,579                 2,598                5,786             121,297
                     Placements with and loans to
                        banks and non-bank financial
                        institutions                                    123,725              55,649               20,516                 4,657             204,547
                     Financial assets held under resale
                        agreements                                      9,954                    —                    —                     —                9,954
                     Loans and advances to customers                3,655,998               112,700              105,842                18,062           3,892,602
                     Financial investments
                       — at fair value through profit
                               or loss                                  293,217              20,862                 3,467                    —             317,546
                       — at amortised cost                              922,228               2,006                    —                     —             924,234
                       — at fair value through other
                               comprehensive income                     538,355              64,153               17,903                 8,369             628,780
                       — designated at fair
                               value through other
                               comprehensive income                       2,557                  178                  301                    —               3,036
                     Others                                             175,304                4,679                4,550                   746            185,279
                     Total assets                                   6,263,241               293,485              155,871                37,836           6,750,433
                     Liabilities
                     Borrowings from central banks                      240,298                    —                    —                    —             240,298
                     Deposits from banks and non-
                        bank financial institutions                     942,867                7,842                  331                    82            951,122
                     Placements from banks and non-
                        bank financial institutions                      75,315              16,858                   216                   150              92,539
                     Financial liabilities at fair value
                        through profit or loss                              715                  132                    —                    —                   847
                     Financial assets sold under
                        repurchase agreements                         111,838                    —                    —                     —              111,838
                     Deposits from customers                        3,700,005               200,762              154,291                18,200           4,073,258
                     Debt securities issued                           628,885                21,389                   —                     —              650,274
                     Lease liabilities                                 10,183                     4                  559                   150              10,896
                     Others                                            80,992                 1,724                3,855                   266              86,837
                     Total liabilities                              5,791,098               248,711              159,252                18,848           6,217,909
                     Net on-balance sheet position                      472,143              44,774                (3,381)              18,988             532,524
                     Credit commitments                             1,169,606                84,385               13,294                 7,790           1,275,075
                     Derivatives (Note (i))                              (9,194)            (27,398)              45,836                (7,770)               1,474

                   Note:


                   (i)     Derivatives represent the net notional amount of currency derivatives, including undelivered foreign exchange spot, foreign exchange forward,
                           foreign exchange swap and currency option.




294   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (b)   Market risk (Continued)
          Currency risk (Continued)
          The Group uses sensitivity analysis to measure the potential effect of changes in foreign currency exchange
          rates on the Group’s profit or loss and other comprehensive income. The following table sets forth, as at 31
          December 2020 and 31 December 2019, the results of the Group’s foreign exchange rate sensitivity analysis.

                                                      31 December 2020                          31 December 2019
                                                                           Other                                     Other
                                                                    comprehensive                             comprehensive
                                             Profit before tax            income        Profit before tax           income
           5% appreciation                               2,326                    25               3,529                   23
           5% depreciation                              (2,326)                  (25)             (3,529)                 (23)

          This sensitivity analysis is based on a static foreign exchange exposure profile of assets and liabilities and certain
          assumptions as follows: (i) the foreign exchange sensitivity is the gain and loss recognised as a result of 500 basis
          point fluctuation in the foreign currency exchange rates against RMB at the reporting date, (ii) the exchange
          rates against RMB for all foreign currencies change in the same direction simultaneously and does not take
          into account the correlation effect of changes in different foreign currencies, and (iii) the foreign exchange
          exposures calculated include both spot foreign exchange exposures, foreign exchange derivative instruments,
          and; all positions will be retained and rolled over upon maturity. The analysis does not take into account the
          effect of risk management measures taken by management. Due to the assumptions adopted, actual changes in
          the Group’s profit and other comprehensive income resulting from increases or decreases in foreign exchange
          rates may differ from the results of this sensitivity analysis. Precious metal is included in foreign currency for
          the purpose of this sensitivity analysis.

    (c)   Liquidity risk
          Liquidity risk arises when the Group, in meeting the demand of liabilities due and other payment obligations
          as well as the needs of business expansion, is unable to sufficiently, timely or cost-effectively acquire funds. The
          Group’s liquidity risk arises mainly from the mismatch of assets to liabilities and customers may concentrate
          their withdrawals.

          The Group has implemented overall liquidity risk management on the entity level. The headquarters has the
          responsibility for developing the entire Group’s liquidity risk policies, strategies, and implements centralized
          management of liquidity risk on the entity level. The domestic and foreign affiliates develop their own liquidity
          policies and procedures within the Group’s liquidity strategy management framework, based on the requirements
          of relevant regulatory bodies.

          The Group manages liquidity risk by setting various indicators and operational limits according to the overall
          position of the Group’s assets and liabilities, with referencing to market condition. The Group holds assets
          with high liquidity to meet unexpected and material demand for payments in the ordinary course of business.

          The tools that the Group uses to measure and monitor liquidity risk mainly include:

          —      Liquidity gap analysis;

          —      Liquidity indicators (including but not limited to regulated and internal managed indicators, such as
                 liquidity coverage ratio, net stable funding ratio, loan-to-deposit ratio, liquidity ratio, liquidity gap rate,
                 excess reserves rate) monitoring;

          —      Scenario analysis;

          —      Stress testing.

          On this basis, the Group establishes regular reporting mechanisms for liquidity risk to report the latest situation
          of liquidity risk to the senior management on a timely basis.


                                                                                                            2020 Annual Report     295
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (c)   Liquidity risk (Continued)
                   Analysis of the remaining contractual maturity of assets and liabilities:

                                                                                     31 December 2020
                                                                              Between
                                                                                 three      Between
                                                    Repayable   Within 3    months and one and five More than
                                                   on demand     months       one year         years  five years   Undated         Total
                                                                                                                   (Note(i))
                     Assets
                     Cash and balances with
                        central banks                 63,328         800         2,400           —           —     368,641      435,169
                     Deposits with banks and
                        non-bank financial
                        institutions                  75,188      24,712        33,244           —           —          248     133,392
                     Placements with and loans
                        to banks and non-bank
                        financial institutions            —      105,477        56,703        6,200          —           —      168,380
                     Financial assets held under
                        resale agreements                 —      111,110            —            —           —           —      111,110
                     Loans and advances to
                        customers (Note (ii))         18,656     804,134     1,143,277      993,925    1,341,365    58,839     4,360,196
                     Financial investments
                       — at fair value through
                              profit or loss              —       55,773        38,050       14,227      16,291    281,291      405,632
                       — at amortised cost                —       50,108       130,307      482,226     280,614     16,161      959,416
                       — at fair value
                              through other
                              comprehensive
                              income                      —       77,111       140,707      409,237       96,828        241     724,124
                       — designated at
                              fair value
                              through other
                              comprehensive
                              income                      —           —             —            —           —       3,560        3,560
                     Others                           57,267      20,407        13,288       47,002          12     72,206      210,182
                     Total assets                    214,439    1,249,632    1,557,976    1,952,817    1,735,110   801,187     7,511,161




296   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                        (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (c)   Liquidity risk (Continued)
          Analysis of the remaining contractual maturity of assets and liabilities: (Continued)

                                                                              31 December 2020
                                                                       Between
                                                                          three      Between
                                            Repayable    Within 3    months and one and five More than
                                           on demand      months       one year         years  five years   Undated         Total
                                                                                                            (Note(i))
           Liabilities
           Borrowings from central
              banks                                —        9,279       215,112           —           —           —      224,391
           Deposits from banks and
              non-bank financial
              institutions                   649,009      222,181       292,451           —           —           —     1,163,641
           Placements from banks
              and non-bank financial
              institutions                         —       19,535        32,383        5,838          —           —       57,756
           Financial liabilities at fair
              value through profit
              or loss                          8,407           —             —           95          152          —        8,654
           Financial assets sold under
              repurchase agreements                —       62,078        13,193           —           —          —         75,271
           Deposits from customers          2,336,210     959,918       551,760      723,780         618         —      4,572,286
           Debt securities issued                  —      194,832       348,184       78,176     111,766         —        732,958
           Lease liabilities                      152         840         2,254        6,057       1,201         —         10,504
           Others                              53,334      11,947        15,980       13,030         595     10,776       105,662
           Total liabilities                3,047,112    1,480,610    1,471,317      826,976     114,332     10,776     6,951,123
           (Short)/long position           (2,832,673)   (230,978)       86,659    1,125,841    1,620,778   790,411      560,038




                                                                                                              2020 Annual Report    297
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (c)   Liquidity risk (Continued)
                   Analysis of the remaining contractual maturity of assets and liabilities: (Continued)

                                                                                      31 December 2019
                                                                                Between      Between
                                                   Repayable on   Within 3 three months one and five   More than
                                                       demand      months and one year          years   five years   Undated         Total
                                                                                                                     (Note(i))
                     Assets
                     Cash and balances with
                        central banks                  104,114          —         3,080           —            —     355,964      463,158
                     Deposits with banks and
                        non-bank financial
                        institutions                    39,476      14,100       67,721           —            —           —      121,297
                     Placements with and loans
                        to banks and non-bank
                        financial institutions              —      150,131       39,858       14,558           —           —      204,547
                     Financial assets held under
                        resale agreements                   —        9,954           —            —            —           —        9,954
                     Loans and advances to
                        customers (Note (ii))           27,210     695,697      928,062      691,475     1,478,383    71,775     3,892,602
                     Financial investments
                       — at fair value through
                              profit or loss               819      49,394       27,738       15,979        5,754    217,862      317,546
                       — at amortised cost               8,714      69,541      160,329      470,798      214,740        112      924,234
                       — at fair value
                              through other
                              comprehensive
                              income                       134      34,824       94,189      357,203      142,426           4     628,780
                       — designated at
                              fair value
                              through other
                              comprehensive
                              income                        —           —            —            —            —       3,036        3,036
                     Others                             74,094      11,457       10,812       36,027           84     52,805      185,279
                     Total assets                      254,561    1,035,098   1,331,789    1,586,040     1,841,387   701,558     6,750,433




298   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                        (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (c)   Liquidity risk (Continued)
          Analysis of the remaining contractual maturity of assets and liabilities: (Continued)

                                                                               31 December 2019
                                                                         Between      Between
                                           Repayable on    Within 3 three months one and five   More than
                                               demand       months and one year          years   five years   Undated         Total
                                                                                                              (Note(i))
           Liabilities
           Borrowings from central
              banks                                 —        11,358      228,940           —            —           —      240,298
           Deposits from banks and
              non-bank financial
              institutions                     402,889      302,059      246,174           —            —           —      951,122
           Placements from banks
              and non-bank financial
              institutions                          —        57,594       32,010        2,935           —           —       92,539
           Financial liabilities at fair
              value through profit
              or loss                              715           —            —            —            —          132         847
           Financial assets sold under
              repurchase agreements                 —        80,177       31,661           —            —           —       111,838
           Deposits from customers           2,010,162      828,467      639,909      593,583        1,137          —     4,073,258
           Debt securities issued                   —        71,846      460,610        9,071      108,747          —       650,274
           Lease liabilities                       168          784        2,225        6,562        1,157          —        10,896
           Others                               43,902        6,785        6,893       13,493        6,927       8,837       86,837
           Total liabilities                 2,457,836     1,359,070   1,648,422      625,644      117,968       8,969    6,217,909
           (Short)/long position             (2,203,275)   (323,972)    (316,633)     960,396     1,723,419   692,589      532,524




                                                                                                                2020 Annual Report    299
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (c)   Liquidity risk (Continued)
                   The tables below present the cash flows of the Group of financial assets and financial liabilities. The amounts
                   disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flow:

                                                                                     31 December 2020
                                                                              Between
                                                                                 three      Between
                                                    Repayable   Within 3    months and one and five More than
                                                   on demand     months       one year         years  five years   Undated         Total
                                                                                                                   (Note(i))
                     Non-derivative cash flow
                     Assets
                     Cash and balances with
                        central banks                 63,328       2,130         6,725           —           —     368,641      440,824
                     Deposits with banks and
                        non-bank financial
                        institutions                  75,188      24,810        33,952           —           —          247     134,197
                     Placements with and loans
                        to banks and non-bank
                        financial institutions            —      105,477        57,359        6,671          —           —      169,507
                     Financial assets held under
                        resale agreements                 —      111,189            —            —           —           —      111,189
                     Loans and advances to
                        customers (Notes(ii))         18,656     841,335     1,231,659    1,311,192    1,902,131    64,825     5,369,798
                     Financial investments
                       — at fair value through
                              profit or loss              —       56,338        39,118       15,832      26,747    288,439       426,474
                       — at amortised cost                —       58,178       157,147      568,997     345,119     16,986     1,146,427
                       — at fair value
                              through other
                              comprehensive
                              income                      —       81,277       157,226      453,336     114,489         243     806,571
                       — designated at
                              fair value
                              through other
                              comprehensive
                              income                      —           —             —            —           —       3,560        3,560
                     Others                           57,267      20,407        13,288       47,002          12     72,206      210,182
                     Total assets                    214,439    1,301,141    1,696,474    2,403,030    2,388,498   815,147     8,818,729




300   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                        (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (c)   Liquidity risk (Continued)
          The tables below present the cash flows of the Group of financial assets and financial liabilities. The amounts
          disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flow (continued):

                                                                              31 December 2020
                                                                       Between
                                                                          three      Between
                                            Repayable    Within 3    months and one and five More than
                                           on demand      months       one year         years  five years    Undated          Total
                                                                                                             (Note(i))
           Liabilities
           Borrowings from central
              banks                                —        9,279       215,112           —           —            —       224,391
           Deposits from banks and
              non-bank financial
              institutions                   649,009      227,113       306,660           —           —            —     1,182,782
           Placements from banks
              and non-bank financial
              institutions                         —       19,534        32,450        5,838          —            —        57,822
           Financial liabilities at fair
              value through profit
              or loss                          8,407           —             —           95          152           —         8,654
           Financial assets sold under
              repurchase agreements                —       62,768        13,284           —           —           —         76,052
           Deposits from customers          2,336,210     976,063       585,805      807,178         622          —      4,705,878
           Debt securities issued                  —      199,534       362,483      101,272     128,910          —        792,199
           Lease liabilities                      152         843         2,315        6,779       1,638          —         11,727
           Others                              53,334      11,947        15,980       13,030         595      10,776       105,662
           Total liabilities                3,047,112    1,507,081    1,534,089      934,192     131,917      10,776     7,165,167
           (Short)/long position           (2,832,673)   (205,940)      162,385    1,468,838    2,256,581    804,371     1,653,562
           Derivative cash flow
           Derivative financial
             instrument settled on a
             net basis                             —         (107)          113         434           (30)         —           410
           Derivative financial
             instruments settled on a
             gross basis
             — cash inflow                         —      939,873       784,841       86,237        1,201          —      1,812,152
             — cash outflow                        —     (654,777)     (780,355)     (86,117)      (1,221)         —     (1,522,470)




                                                                                                               2020 Annual Report      301
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (c)   Liquidity risk (Continued)
                   The tables below present the cash flows of the Group of financial assets and financial liabilities. The amounts
                   disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flow (continued).

                                                                                      31 December 2019
                                                                                Between      Between
                                                   Repayable on   Within 3 three months one and five   More than
                                                       demand      months and one year          years   five years   Undated         Total
                                                                                                                     (Note(i))
                     Non-derivative cash flow
                     Assets
                     Cash and balances with
                        central banks                  104,114       1,407        7,624           —            —     355,964      469,109
                     Deposits with banks and
                        non-bank financial
                        institutions                    39,476      14,168       69,201           —            —           —      122,845
                     Placements with and loans
                        to banks and non-bank
                        financial institutions              —      155,306       40,902       15,580           —           —      211,788
                     Financial assets held under
                        resale agreements                   —       10,002           —            —            —           —       10,002
                     Loans and advances to
                        customers (Notes(ii))           27,210     735,040    1,025,345    1,000,430     2,084,351    77,504     4,949,880
                     Financial investments
                       — at fair value through
                              profit or loss               819      60,220       28,771       16,380        5,754    217,862       329,806
                       — at amortised cost               8,714      78,104      191,311      563,757      224,657        118     1,066,661
                       — at fair value
                              through other
                              comprehensive
                              income                       134      38,162      109,737      395,348      156,066           4     699,451
                       — designated at
                              fair value
                              through other
                              comprehensive
                              income                        —           —            —            —            —       3,036        3,036
                     Others                             74,094      11,457       10,812       36,027           84     52,805      185,279
                     Total assets                      254,561    1,103,866   1,483,703    2,027,522     2,470,912   707,293     8,047,857




302   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                        (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (c)   Liquidity risk (Continued)
          The tables below present the cash flows of the Group of financial assets and financial liabilities.The amounts
          disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flow (continued):

                                                                               31 December 2019
                                                                         Between      Between
                                           Repayable on    Within 3 three months one and five   More than
                                               demand       months and one year          years   five years    Undated          Total
                                                                                                               (Note(i))
           Liabilities
           Borrowings from central
              banks                                 —        11,358      236,569           —            —            —       247,927
           Deposits from banks and
              non-bank financial
              institutions                     402,889      487,768      324,097       84,721           —            —     1,299,475
           Placements from banks
              and non-bank financial
              institutions                          —        57,594       32,039        2,935           —            —        92,568
           Financial liabilities at fair
              value through profit
              or loss                              715           —            —            —            —           132          847
           Financial assets sold under
              repurchase agreements                 —        80,728       32,077           —            —            —       112,805
           Deposits from customers           2,010,162      842,424      673,137      668,153        1,336           —     4,195,212
           Debt securities issued                   —        78,869      472,403      119,387      108,747           —       779,406
           Lease liabilities                       168          787        2,285        7,341        1,603           —        12,184
           Others                               43,902        6,785        6,895       13,493        6,927        8,837       86,839
           Total liabilities                 2,457,836     1,566,313   1,779,502      896,030      118,613        8,969    6,827,263
           (Short)/long position             (2,203,275)   (462,447)    (295,799)   1,131,492     2,352,299    698,324     1,220,594
           Derivative cash flow
           Derivative financial
             instrument settled on a
             net basis                              —            32          146           77           (12)         —           243
           Derivative financial
             instruments settled on a
             gross basis
             — cash inflow                          —       748,197      568,296       58,470           —            73     1,375,036
             — cash outflow                         —      (395,774)    (563,552)     (58,322)          —            —     (1,017,648)




                                                                                                                 2020 Annual Report      303
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (c)   Liquidity risk (Continued)
                   Credit Commitments include bank acceptances, credit card commitments, guarantees, loan commitment and
                   letters of credit. The tables below summarise the amounts of credit commitments by remaining contractual
                   maturity.

                                                                                                      31 December 2020
                                                                 Less than 1 year                     1-5 years    Over 5 years                                  Total
                     Bank acceptances                                        559,073                         —                          —                    559,073
                     Credit card commitments                                 617,329                      6,118                         31                   623,478
                     Guarantees                                               72,565                     46,311                        865                   119,741
                     Loan commitments                                          4,743                     13,306                     31,583                    49,632
                     Letter of credit                                        125,026                        171                         —                    125,197
                     Total                                                1,378,736                      65,906                     32,479                1,477,121

                                                                                                       31 December 2019
                                                                  Less than 1 year                     1-5 years    Over 5 years                                 Total
                     Bank acceptances                                        426,226                         —                          —                    426,226
                     Credit card commitments                                 538,861                      6,387                        255                   545,503
                     Guarantees                                               96,576                     49,086                      1,492                   147,154
                     Loan commitments                                         16,448                     18,779                     16,984                    52,211
                     Letter of credit                                        101,948                      2,033                         —                    103,981
                     Total                                                1,180,059                      76,285                     18,731                1,275,075

                   Notes:


                   (i)       For cash and balances with central banks, the undated period amount represented statutory deposit reserve funds and fiscal deposits maintained
                             with the PBOC. For placements with and loans to banks and non-bank financial institutions, loans and advances to customers and investments,
                             the undated period amount represented the balances being impaired or overdue for more than one month. Equity investments were also reported
                             under undated period.


                   (ii)      The balances of loans and advances to customers which were overdue within one month but not impaired are included in repayable on demand.




304   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
             Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (d)    Operational risk
           Operational risk refers to the risk of loss arising from inappropriate or problematic internal procedures, personnel,
           IT systems, or external events, including legal risk, but excluding strategy risk and reputational risk.

           The Group manages operational risk through a control-based environment by establishing a sound mechanism
           of operational risk management in order to identify, assess, monitor, control, mitigate and report operational
           risks. The framework covers all business functions ranging from finance, credit, accounting, settlement, savings,
           treasury, intermediary business, computer applications and management, special assets resolution and legal
           affairs. Key controls include:

           —      by establishing a matrix authorisation management system of the whole group, carrying out the annual
                  unified authorisation work, and strictly restricting the institutions and personnel at all levels to carry out
                  business activities within the scope of authority granted, the management requirements of prohibiting the
                  overstepping of authority to engage in business activities were further clarified at the institutional level;

           —      through consistent legal responsibility framework, taking strict disciplinary actions against non-compliance
                  in order to ensure accountability;

           —      promoting operational risk management culture throughout the organisation; building a team of operational
                  risk management professionals. Through formal training and performance appraisal system in raising risk
                  management awareness;

           —      strengthening cash and account management in accordance with the relevant policies and procedures,
                  intensifying the monitoring of suspicious transactions. Ensure the staff are well-equipped with the necessary
                  knowledge and basic skills on anti-money laundering through continuous training;

           —      backup systems and disaster recovery plans covering all the major activities, especially backoffice operations
                  in order to minimize any unforeseen interruption. Insurance cover is arranged to mitigate potential losses
                  associated with certain disruptive events.

           In addition to the above, the Group improves its operational risk management information systems on an
           ongoing basis to efficiently identify, evaluate, monitor, control and report its level of operational risk. The
           Group’s management information system has the functionalities of recording and capturing lost data and events
           of operational risk to further support operational risk control and self-assessment, as well as monitoring of key
           risk indicators.

56 Capital Adequacy Ratio
    Capital adequacy ratio reflects the Group’s operational and risk management capability and it is the core of capital
    management. The Group considers its strategic development plans, business expansion plans and risk variables in
    conducting its scenario analysis, stress testing and other measures to forecast, plan and manage capital adequacy ratio.
    The Group’s capital management objectives are to meet the legal and regulatory requirements, and to prudently determine
    the capital adequacy ratio under realistic exposures with reference to the capital adequacy ratio levels of leading global
    banks and the Group’s operating situations.

    From 1 January 2013, the Group commenced the computation of its capital adequacy ratios in accordance with the
    Regulation Governing Capital of Commercial Banks (Provisional) and other relevant regulations promulgated by the
    CBIRC in the year of 2012. According to the requirements, for credit risk, the capital requirement was measured
    using the weighting method. The market risk was measured by adopting the standardised approach and the operational
    risk was measured by using the basic indicator approach. From 1 January 2019 on, the Group calculates the default
    risk assets of the counterparties of derivatives in accordance with the Regulations on Measuring the Risk Assets of the
    Counterparties of Derivative Instruments promulgated by the CBIRC in 2018. The requirements pursuant to these
    regulations may have certain differences comparing to those applicable in Hong Kong and other jurisdictions. The
    Group’s management monitors the Group’s and the Bank’s capital adequacy regularly based on regulations issued by
    the CBIRC. The required information is filed with the CBIRC by the Group and the Bank quarterly.



                                                                                                           2020 Annual Report      305
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      56 Capital Adequacy Ratio (Continued)
             CBIRC demands that commercial banks shall meet the capital adequacy requirements set out in the “Capital Management
             Measures for Commercial Banks (Trial)” by the end of 2018. Systematically important banks are required to meet
             the minimum core Tier-One capital adequacy ratio, Tier-One capital adequacy ratio and capital adequacy ratio of
             8.50%, 9.50% and 11.50%. Non-systematically important bank are required to meet the minimum core Tier-One
             capital adequacy ratio, Tier-One capital adequacy ratio and capital adequacy ratio of 7.50%, 8.50% and 10.50%. In
             addition, overseas subsidiaries and branches are directly regulated by the respective local banking regulators and the
             requirements of capital adequacy ratios differ by country. During the year, the Group has complied in full with all its
             externally imposed capital requirements.

             Relevant requirements promulgated by the CBIRC are listed as below.

                                                                                                                 31 December                   31 December
                                                                                                                        2020                          2019
               Core Tier-One capital adequacy ratio                                                                      8.74%                         8.69%
               Tier-One capital adequacy ratio                                                                          10.18%                        10.20%
               Capital adequacy ratio                                                                                   13.01%                        12.44%
               Components of capital base
               Core Tier-One capital:
                Share capital                                                                                            48,935                         48,935
                Capital reserve                                                                                          59,216                         58,977
                Other comprehensive income and qualified portion of other
                   equity instruments                                                                                     3,244                        10,496
                Surplus reserve                                                                                          43,786                        39,009
                General reserve                                                                                          90,819                        81,535
                Retained earnings                                                                                       223,625                       203,411
                Qualified portion of non-controlling interests                                                            5,030                         4,627
               Total core Tier-One capital                                                                             474,655                        446,990
               Core Tier-One capital deductions:
                 Goodwill (net of related deferred tax liability)                                                           (860)                          (912)
                 Other intangible assets other than land use right
                   (net of related deferred tax liability)                                                                (2,544)                       (1,875)
                 Core Tier-One Capital investments made in financial
                   institutions over which the Group has control but
                   are outside the regulatory consolidation scope                                                              —                             —
               Net core Tier-One capital                                                                               471,251                        444,203
               Other Tier-One capital (Note (i))                                                                        77,710                         77,555
               Tier-One capital                                                                                        548,961                        521,758
               Tier-Two capital:
                 Qualified portion of Tier-Two capital instruments issued and
                    share premium                                                                                        98,757                         63,151
                 Surplus allowance for loan impairment                                                                   52,647                         49,753
                 Qualified portion of non-controlling interests                                                           1,364                          1,235
               Net capital base                                                                                        701,729                        635,897
               Total risk-weighted assets                                                                            5,393,248                     5,113,585

             Note:


             (i)     As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, the Group’s other Tier-One capital included preference shares, perpetual bonds issued by the Bank
                     (Note 43) and non-controlling interests (Note 49).




306   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
               Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                    (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



57 Fair value
    Fair value estimates are generally subjective in nature, and are made as of a specific point in time based on the
    characteristics of the financial instruments and relevant market information. The Group uses the following hierarchy
    for determining and disclosing the fair value of financial instruments:

    Level 1:      quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group can access at
                  the measurement date. This level includes listed equity instruments and debt instruments on exchanges
                  and exchange-traded derivatives.

    Level 2:      inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 are observable for assets or liabilities, either directly
                  or indirectly. A majority of the debt securities classified as level 2 are Renminbi bonds. The fair values
                  of these bonds are determined based on the evaluation results provided by China Central Depository &
                  Clearing Corporate Limited. This level also includes partial bills rediscounting and forfeiting in loans
                  and advances, as well as a majority of over-the-counter derivative contracts. Foreign exchange forward
                  and swaps, Interest rate swap, and foreign exchange options use discount cash flow evaluation method
                  and the evaluation model of which includes Forward Pricing Model, Swap Model and Option Pricing
                  Model. Bills rediscounting and forfeiting use discount cash flow evaluation method to estimate fair value.
                  Input parameters are sourced from the Open market such as Bloomberg and Reuters.

    Level 3:      inputs for assets or liabilities are based on unobservable parameters. This level includes equity investments
                  and debt instruments with one or more than one significant unobservable parameters. Management
                  determine the fair value through inquiring from counterparties or using the valuation techniques. The
                  model incorporate unobservable parameters such as discount rate and market price volatilities.

    The fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are determined as follows:

    —      If traded in active markets, fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities with standard terms and conditions
           are determined with reference to quoted market bid prices and ask prices, respectively;

    —      If not traded in active markets, fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities are determined in accordance
           with generally accepted pricing models or discounted cash flow analysis using prices from observable current
           market transactions for similar instruments. If there were no available observable current market transactions
           prices for similar instruments, quoted prices from counterparty is used for the valuation, and management
           performs analysis on these prices. Discounted cash flow analysis using the applicable yield curve for the duration
           of the instruments is used for derivatives other than options, and option pricing models are used for option
           derivatives.

    The Group has established an independent valuation process for financial assets and financial liabilities. The Financial
    Market Department, the Financial Institution Department, and the Investment Bank Department are responsible for the
    fair valuation of financial assets and financial liabilities. The Risk Management Department performs an independent
    review of the valuation methodologies, inputs, assumptions and valuation results. The Operations Department records
    the accounting for these items according to the result generated from the valuation process and accounting policies.
    The Finance and Accounting Department prepares the disclosure of the financial assets and financial liabilities, based
    on the independently reviewed valuation.

    The Group’s valuation policies and procedures for different types of financial instruments are approved by the Risk
    Management Committee. Any change to the valuation policies, or the related procedures, must be reported to the Risk
    Management Committee for approval before they are implemented.

    For the year ended 31 December 2020, there was no significant change in the valuation techniques or inputs used to
    determine fair value measurements.




                                                                                                               2020 Annual Report      307
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      57 Fair value (Continued)
             (a)   Financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value
                   Financial assets and liabilities not carried at fair value of the Group include cash and balances with central
                   banks, deposits with banks and non-bank financial institutions, placements with and loans to banks and non-
                   bank financial institutions, financial assets held under resale agreements, loans and advances to customers at
                   amortised cost, financial investments at amortised cost, borrowings from central banks, deposits from banks
                   and non-bank financial institutions, placements from banks and non-bank financial institutions, financial assets
                   sold under repurchase agreements, deposits from customers and debt securities issued.

                   Except for the items shown in the tables below, the maturity dates of aforesaid financial assets and liabilities are
                   within a year or are mainly floating interest rates, as a result, their carrying amounts are approximately equal
                   to their fair value.

                                                                Carrying values                            Fair values
                                                         31 December          31 December         31 December          31 December
                                                                2020                 2019                2020                 2019
                     Financial assets:
                     Financial investment
                       — at amortised cost                     959,416             924,234             948,789              938,830
                     Financial liabilities:
                     Debt securities issued
                       — certificates of deposit
                            (not for trading
                            purpose) issued                         —                 2,863                  —                 2,789
                       — debt securities issued                 35,876               81,196              31,069               80,619
                       — subordinated bonds
                            issued                             115,077               89,555            116,129                89,937
                       — certificates of interbank
                            deposit issued                     543,009             438,830             536,947              431,706
                       — convertible corporate
                            bonds                               38,996               37,830              41,145               37,730




308   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                   (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



57 Fair value (Continued)
     (a)   Financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value (Continued)
           Fair value of financial assets and liabilities above at fair value hierarchy is as follows:

                                                                            31 December 2020
                                                         Level 1             Level 2         Level 3                    Total
            Financial assets:
            Financial investment
              — at amortised cost                          5,521             690,984              252,284            948,789
            Financial liabilities:
            Debt securities issued
              — debt securities issued                        —               31,069                     —            31,069
              — subordinated bonds
                   issued                                  3,525             112,604                     —           116,129
              — certificates of interbank
                   deposit issued                             —              536,947                     —           536,947
              — convertible corporate
                   bonds                                      —                    —               41,145             41,145

                                                                            31 December 2019
                                                         Level 1             Level 2         Level 3                    Total
            Financial assets:
            Financial investment
              — at amortised cost                          2,063             663,508              273,259            938,830
            Financial liabilities:
            Debt securities issued
              — certificates of deposit
                   (not for trading
                   purpose) issued                            —                2,789                     —             2,789
              — debt securities issued                        —               80,619                     —            80,619
              — subordinated bonds
                   issued                                  5,789              84,148                     —            89,937
              — certificates of interbank
                   deposit issued                             —              431,706                     —           431,706
              — convertible corporate
                   bonds                                      —               37,730                     —            37,730




                                                                                                             2020 Annual Report   309
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      57 Fair value (Continued)
             (b)   Financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value
                                                                     Level 1      Level 2      Level 3         Total
                                                                   (Note (i))   (Note (i))   (Note (ii))
                     As at 31 December 2020
                     Recurring fair value measurements
                     Assets
                     Loans and advances to customers at fair
                       value through other comprehensive
                       income
                       — loans                                            —        2,696             —        2,696
                       — discounted bills                                 —      408,707             —      408,707
                     Loans and advances to customers at fair
                       value through profit or loss
                       — personal loans                                   —            —         7,124        7,124
                     Financial investments at fair value
                       through profit or loss
                       — investment funds                               251      275,119        11,430      286,800
                       — debt securities                              2,387       38,860        14,147       55,394
                       — certificates of deposit                         —        49,934            —        49,934
                       — wealth management products                      —         4,076           323        4,399
                       — equity instruments                           1,946           —          7,159        9,105
                     Financial investments at fair value
                       through other comprehensive income
                       — debt securities                             87,608      586,856         4,422      678,886
                       — certificates of deposit                        402        3,968            —         4,370
                       — investments management
                             products managed by securities
                             companies                                    —       34,298             —       34,298
                     Financial investments designated at fair
                       value through other comprehensive
                       income
                       — equity instruments                             288            —         3,272        3,560
                     Derivative financial assets
                       — interest rate derivatives                        1        9,394             —        9,395
                       — currency derivatives                             —       30,363             —       30,363
                       — precious metals derivatives                      —          306             —          306
                     Total financial assets measured
                       at fair value                                 92,883     1,444,577       47,877     1,585,337
                     Liabilities
                     Financial liabilities at fair value through
                       profit or loss
                       — short position in debt securities              246        4,048            —         4,294
                       — structured products                             —            —          4,360        4,360
                     Derivative financial liabilities
                       — interest rate derivatives                        1        9,137             —        9,138
                       — currency derivatives                           161       30,427             —       30,588
                       — precious metals derivatives                     —            83             —           83
                     Total financial liabilities measured
                       at fair value                                    408       43,695         4,360       48,463




310   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                 Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                   (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



57 Fair value (Continued)
     (b)   Financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value (Continued)
                                                                               Level 1                 Level 2                Level 3                    Total
                                                                             (Note (i))              (Note (i))             (Note (ii))
             As at 31 December 2019
             Recurring fair value measurements
             Assets
             Loans and advances to customers at fair
               value through other comprehensive
               income
               — loans                                                                 —                   922                         —                  922
               — discounted bills                                                      —               307,867                         —              307,867
             Loans and advances to customers at fair
               value through profit or loss
               — personal loans                                                        —                       —                  6,915                 6,915
             Financial investments at fair value
               through profit or loss
               — debt securities                                                  2,086                 30,417                  10,367                 42,870
               — investment funds                                                 9,962                196,224                  12,305                218,491
               — certificates of deposit                                             —                  46,792                      —                  46,792
               — wealth management products                                          —                     133                     819                    952
               — equity instruments                                               1,185                     —                    7,239                  8,424
               — trust investment plans                                              17                     —                       —                      17
             Financial investments at fair value
               through other comprehensive income
               — debt securities                                                86,557                 516,989                  13,248                616,794
               — certificates of deposit                                           361                   4,505                      —                   4,866
             Financial investments designated at fair
               value through other comprehensive
               income
               — equity instruments                                                  205                     123                  2,708                 3,036
             Derivative financial assets
               — interest rate derivatives                                              2                5,201                         —                5,203
               — currency derivatives                                                  —                11,700                         —               11,700
               — precious metals derivatives                                           —                   214                         —                  214
             Total financial assets measured
               at fair value                                                   100,375              1,121,087                   53,601               1,275,063
             Liabilities
             Financial liabilities at fair value through
               profit or loss
               — short position in debt securities                                   132                       —                      —                   132
               — structured products                                                  —                        —                     715                  715
             Derivative financial liabilities
               — interest rate derivatives                                             —                 5,176                         —                5,176
               — currency derivatives                                                  29               10,899                         —               10,928
               — precious metals derivatives                                           —                   732                         —                  732
             Total financial liabilities measured
               at fair value                                                         161                16,807                       715               17,683

           Notes:


           (i)      During the current year, there were no significant transfers amongst Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.




                                                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report     311
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      57 Fair value (Continued)
             (b)   Financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value (Continued)
                   Notes (continued):


                   (ii)   The following table shows a reconciliation from the beginning balances to the ending balances for fair value measurements in the Level 3 fair
                          value hierarchy:
                                                                                                                  Assets                                                                        Liabilities
                                                                                            Financial assets
                                                                                          designated at fair      Financial assets at                                             Financial
                                                                 Financial assets at    value through other       fair value through                                      liabilities at fair       Derivative
                                                                 fair value through          comprehensive      other comprehensive            Derivative                   value through             financial
                                                                      profit or loss                 income                  income       financial assets     Total         profit or loss          liabilities     Total

                            As at 1 January 2020                             30,730                  13,248                    2,708                   —     46,686                    (715)                  —      (715)
                            Total gains or losses
                              — in profit or loss                              (519)                     (60)                      —                   —       (579)                      —                   —        —
                              — in comprehensive income                           —                   1,638                       (19)                 —      1,619                       —                   —        —
                            Purchase                                          8,551                     129                      827                   —      9,507                  (3,645)                  —     (3,645)
                            Settlements                                      (5,700)                (10,567)                    (244)                  —     (16,511)                     —                   —        —
                            Transfer in/out                                       —                       34                       —                   —         34                       —                   —        —
                            Exchange effect                                       (3)                     —                        —                   —          (3)                     —                   —        —

                            As at 31 December 2020                           33,059                   4,422                    3,272                   —     40,753                  (4,360)                  —     (4,360)



                                                                                                                  Assets                                                                        Liabilities
                                                                                             Financial assets
                                                                                           designated at fair      Financial assets at                                  Financial liabilities
                                                                  Financial assets at    value through other       fair value through                                          at fair value         Derivative
                                                                  fair value through         comprehensive       other comprehensive Derivative financial                    through profit            financial
                                                                       profit or loss                income                   income                assets     Total                 or loss          liabilities    Total

                            As at 1 January 2019                             43,155                   4,726                    2,412                    1     50,294                      —                   (1)       (1)
                            Total gains or losses
                              — in profit or loss                               924                     (226)                     (17)                 —        681                       —                   —        —
                              — in comprehensive income                           —                      145                       14                  —        159                       —                   —        —
                            Purchase                                         17,819                  12,159                      785                   —      30,763                   (715)                  —      (715)
                            Settlements                                     (31,095)                  (3,557)                    (486)                 (1)   (35,139)                     —                    1         1
                            Transfer in/out                                      (68)                     —                        —                   —         (68)                     —                   —        —
                            Exchange effect                                       (5)                      1                       —                   —          (4)                     —                   —        —

                            As at 31 December 2019                           30,730                  13,248                    2,708                   —      46,686                   (715)                  —      (715)



                          For unlisted equity investments, fund investments, bond investments, structured products, the Group determines the fair value through
                          counterparties’ quotations and valuation techniques, etc. Valuation techniques include discounted cash flow analysis and the market comparison
                          approach, etc. The fair value measurement of these financial instruments may involve important unobservable inputs such as credit spread and
                          liquidity discount, etc. The fair value of the financial instruments classified under level 3 is not significantly influenced by the reasonable changes
                          in these unobservable inputs.




312   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



58 Related parties
    (a)   Relationship of related parties
          (i)    The Group is controlled by CITIC Corporation Limited (incorporated in mainland China), which
                 owns 65.37% of the Bank’s shares. The ultimate parent of the Group is CITIC Group (incorporated in
                 mainland China).

          (ii)   Related parties of the Group include subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates of CITIC Corporation
                 Limited and CITIC Group. The Bank entered into banking transactions with its subsidiaries at arm’s
                 length in the ordinary course of business. These transactions are eliminated on consolidation.

                 CNTC and Xinhu Zhongbao Co., Ltd. have a non-executive director on the Board of Directors of the
                 Bank, which can exert significant influence on the Bank and constitute a related party of the Bank.

                 In its general shareholders meeting on 25 May 2018, China Poly Group Corporation (Poly Group)
                 elected and designated a shareholder representative supervisor to the Bank, and the Poly Group became
                 a related party to the Bank due to its significant influence on the Bank through the supervisor. Following
                 the official resignation of the supervisor on 1 December 2020, Poly Group no longer has significant
                 influence on the Bank, and according to the CBIRC’s Administrative Measures for the Related Party
                 Transactions between Commercial Banks and Their Management and Staff Members and Shareholders
                 as well as the Interim Measures for the Management of Equity Interests in Commercial Banks, Poly
                 Group and its related parties are no longer related parties of the Bank.

    (b)   Related party transactions
          During the relevant years, the Group entered into transactions with related parties in the ordinary course of its
          banking businesses including lending, assets transfer (i.e. issuance of asset-backed securities in the form of public
          placement), wealth management, investment, deposit, settlement and clearing, off-balance sheet transactions,
          and purchase, sale and leases of property. These banking transactions were conducted under normal commercial
          terms and conditions and priced at the relevant market rates prevailing at the time of each transaction.

          The major related party transaction between the Group and related parties are submitted in turn to the board
          of directors for deliberation, and the relevant announcements have been posted on the website of the Shanghai
          Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the CITIC Bank.




                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report      313
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      58 Related parties
             (b)   Related party transactions (Continued)
                   In addition, transactions during the relevant year and the corresponding balances outstanding at the reporting
                   dates are as follows:

                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                  Ultimate holding
                                                                      company and          Other major     Associates and
                                                                          affiliates     equity holders    joint ventures
                                                                                               Note (i)
                     Profit and loss
                     Interest income                                            642                1,641                 1,153
                     Fee and commission income and other
                       operating income                                         408                  240                     2
                     Interest expense                                        (1,326)              (2,694)                  (29)
                     Net trading loss                                           151                   31                    —
                     Other service fees                                      (2,501)                 (17)                   —

                                                                                Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                  Ultimate holding
                                                                      company and Other major equity Associates and joint
                                                                          affiliates            holders          ventures
                                                                                               Note (i)
                     Profit and loss
                     Interest income                                          1,426                  793                   253
                     Fee and commission income and other
                       operating income                                       2,073                   252                    —
                     Interest expense                                          (782)               (1,210)                  (34)
                     Net trading loss                                            17                    —                     —
                     Other service fees                                      (1,501)               (1,050)                   (3)




314   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                             (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



58 Related parties (Continued)
     (b)   Related party transactions (Continued)
                                                                              31 December 2020
                                                         Ultimate holding
                                                             company and            Other major       Associates and
                                                                 affiliates       equity holders      joint ventures
                                                                                         Note (i)
            Assets
            Gross loans and advances to customers                  11,687                16,582                   —
            Less: allowance for impairment losses on
              loans and advances                                      (609)                 (506)                 —
            Loans and advances to customers (net)                  11,078                16,076                   —
            Deposits with banks and non-bank
              financial institutions                                    —                     —              20,410
            Placements with and loans to banks and
              non-bank financial institutions                        2,611                    —                   —
            Derivative financial assets                                762                    2                   —
            Investment in financial assets
              — at fair value through profit or loss               24,960                     —                   —
              — at amortised cost                                   1,422                    822                  —
              — at fair value through other
                    comprehensive income                                —                    383                  —
              — designated at fair value through other
                    comprehensive income                                —                     —                   —
            Investments in associates and joint
              ventures                                                  —                     —               5,674
            Right-of-use assets                                        173                    6                  —
            Other assets                                             3,698                    7                  —
            Liabilities
            Deposits from banks and non-bank
              financial institutions                               49,512                  7,803              2,603
            Placements from banks and non-bank
              financial institutions                                2,667                    —                    —
            Derivative financial liabilities                          462                    —                    —
            Deposits from customers                                43,462               101,865                   —
            Employee benefits payable                                   9                    —                    —
            Lease liability                                           173                     5                   —
            Other liabilities                                         484                 3,898                   —
            Off-balance sheet items
            Guarantees and letters of credit                          252                    607                  —
            Acceptances                                             2,084                    927                  —
            Entrusted funds                                        36,105                  1,812                  —
            Entrusted loans                                        36,654                  6,222                  —
            Funds raised from investors of non-
              principle guaranteed wealth management
              products                                              9,689                17,502                   —
            Guarantees received                                    13,896                 5,636                   —
            Nominal amount of derivatives                          91,309                   200                   —




                                                                                                    2020 Annual Report   315
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      58 Related parties (Continued)
             (b)   Related party transactions (Continued)
                                                                                                      31 December 2019
                                                                                   Ultimate holding
                                                                                       company and Other major equity Associates and joint
                                                                                           affiliates           holders           ventures
                                                                                                               Note (i)
                     Assets
                     Gross loans and advances to customers                                       31,742                        23,372                              —
                     Less: allowance for impairment losses on
                       loans and advances                                                           (527)                         (572)                            —
                     Loans and advances to customers (net)                                       31,215                        22,800                              —
                     Deposits with banks and non-bank
                       financial institutions                                                          51                            —                       21,056
                     Placements with and loans to banks and
                       non-bank financial institutions                                             2,879                             —                             —
                     Derivative financial assets                                                     207                             —                             —
                     Investment in financial assets
                       — at fair value through profit or loss                                        901                            —                              —
                       — at amortised cost                                                         1,722                         3,500                             —
                       — at fair value through other
                             comprehensive income                                                    226                         1,237                             —
                       — designated at fair value through other
                             comprehensive income                                                    107                             —                             —
                     Investments in associates and joint
                       ventures                                                                      —                              —                          3,672
                     Right-of-use assets                                                             74                              5                            —
                     Other assets                                                                11,183                            150                            —
                     Liabilities
                     Deposits from banks and non-bank
                       financial institutions                                                    30,219                          2,340                         1,511
                     Placements from banks and non-bank
                       financial institutions                                                       649                            —                               —
                     Derivative financial liabilities                                               342                            —                               —
                     Deposits from customers                                                     63,050                        57,112                              51
                     Employee benefits payable                                                       12                            —                               —
                     Lease liability                                                                 70                             4                              —
                     Other liabilities                                                            1,622                            —                               —
                     Off-balance sheet items
                     Guarantees and letters of credit                                                 9                            935                             —
                     Acceptances                                                                  2,336                            258                             —
                     Entrusted funds                                                             35,284                          3,048                             —
                     Entrusted loans                                                             11,989                          8,117                             —
                     Funds raised from investors of non-
                       principle guaranteed wealth management
                       products                                                                   2,933                            —                               —
                     Guarantees received                                                         58,903                        36,951                              —
                     Nominal amount of derivatives                                               55,574                            —                               —

                   Note:


                   (i)     Other major equity holders include CNTC, Xinhu Zhongbao Co., Ltd. and Poly Group.


                           The amounts disclosed represented those transactions or balances when they were considered as related parties of the Group during the relevant
                           periods. The transactions between the subsidiaries of CNTC/Poly Group and the Group are not significant in 2020.


316   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



58 Related parties (Continued)
     (c)   Key management personnel and their close family members and related companies
           Key management personnel are those persons who have the authority and responsibility for planning, directing
           and controlling the activities of the Group, directly or indirectly, including directors, supervisors and executive
           officers.

           The Group entered into banking transactions with key management personnel and their close family members
           and those companies controlled or jointly controlled by them in the normal course of business. Other than those
           disclosed below, there was no material transactions and balances between the Group and these individuals, their
           close family members or those companies controlled or jointly controlled by them.

           The aggregate amount of relevant loans outstanding as at 31 December 2020 to directors, supervisors and
           executive officers amounted to RMB1.19 million (as at 31 December 2019: RMB1.51 million).

           The aggregated compensations for directors, supervisors and executive officers of the Bank as at 31 December
           2020 amounted to RMB27.30 million (as at 31 December 2019: RMB33.74 million).

     (d)   Supplementary defined contribution plan
           The Group has established a supplementary defined contribution plan for its qualified employees which is
           administered by CITIC Group (Note 37 (b)).

     (e)   Transactions with state-owned entities in the PRC
           The Group operates in an economic regime currently predominated by entities directly or indirectly owned by the
           PRC government through its government authorities, agencies, affiliations and other organisations (collectively
           referred to as “state-owned entities”).

           Transactions with state-owned entities, including CNTC’s indirect subsidiaries and Poly Group’s indirect
           subsidiaries, include but are not limited to the following:

           —      lending and deposit taking;

           —      taking and placing of inter-bank balances;

           —      derivative transactions;

           —      entrusted lending and other custody services;

           —      insurance and securities agency, and other intermediary services;




                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report     317
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      58 Related parties (Continued)
             (e)   Transactions with state-owned entities in the PRC (Continued)
                   —         sale, purchase, underwriting and redemption of bonds issued by state-owned entities;

                   —         purchase, sale and leases of property and other assets; and

                   —         rendering and receiving of utilities and other services.

                   These transactions are conducted in the ordinary course of the Group’s banking business on terms similar to
                   those that would have been entered into with non-state-owned entities. The Group has also established its pricing
                   strategy and approval processes for major products and services, such as loans, deposits and commission income.
                   The pricing strategy and approval processes do not depend on whether the customers are state-owned entities
                   or not. The Directors are of opinion that none of these transactions are material related party transactions that
                   require separate disclosure.

      59 Structured entities
             (a)   Unconsolidated structured entities sponsored and managed by third parties
                   The Group invests in unconsolidated structured entities which are sponsored and managed by other entities
                   for investment return, and records trading gains or losses and interest income therefrom. These unconsolidated
                   structured entities primarily include wealth management products, trust investment plans, investment management
                   products, investment funds and asset-backed securities.

                   The following table sets out an analysis of the carrying amounts of interests held by the Group as at 31 December
                   2020 in the structured entities sponsored by third party institutions, as well as an analysis of the line items in
                   the consolidated statement of financial position under which relevant assets are recognised:

                                                                                   31 December 2020
                                                                                                                     Maximum loss
                                                                         Carrying amount                                 exposure
                                                                                         Financial
                                                      Financial                       investments
                                                    investments                       at fair value
                                                   at fair value        Financial   through other
                                                 through profit    investments at Comprehensive
                                                         or loss   amortised cost          income           Total
                     Wealth management
                       product of other banks               144                —                —             144              144
                     Investment management
                       products managed by
                       securities companies                 —             70,038            34,298       104,336           104,336
                     Trust management plans                 —            190,517                —        190,517           190,517
                     Asset-backed securities                33            87,312           194,452       281,797           281,797
                     Investment funds                  286,800                —                 —        286,800           286,800
                     Total                             286,977           347,867           228,750       863,594           863,594




318   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



59 Structured entities (Continued)
     (a)   Unconsolidated structured entities held by the Group (Continued)
                                                                          31 December 2019
                                                                                                           Maximum loss
                                                               Carrying amount                                 exposure
                                                                                  Financial
                                             Financial                         investments
                                          investments                          at fair value
                                         at fair value        Financial      through other
                                       through profit    investments at     Comprehensive
                                               or loss   amortised cost             income         Total
            Wealth management
              product of other banks              133               —                    —          133              133
            Investment management
              products managed by
              securities companies                —           186,217                   —       186,217          186,217
            Trust management plans                17          160,248                   —       160,265          160,265
            Asset-backed securities               87          101,684              132,222      233,993          233,993
            Investment funds                 218,491               —                    —       218,491          218,491
            Total                            218,728          448,149              132,222      799,099          799,099

           The maximum exposures to risk in the above wealth management products, trust investment plans, investment
           management products, investment funds and asset-backed securities managed by securities companies and trust
           investment funds are the carrying value of the assets held by the Group at the reporting date. The maximum
           exposures to risk in the asset-backed securities are the amortised cost or fair value of the assets held by the
           Group at the reporting date in accordance with the line items under which these assets are presented in the
           consolidated statement of financial position.

     (b)   Unconsolidated structured entities sponsored and managed by the Group
           Unconsolidated structured entities sponsored and managed by the Group mainly include non-principal guaranteed
           wealth management products. The wealth management products invest in a range of primarily fixed-rate assets,
           most typically money market instruments, debt securities and loan assets. As the manager of these wealth
           management products, the Group invests, on behalf of its customers, in assets as described in the investment
           plan related to each wealth management product and receives fee and commission income.

           As at 31 December 2020, the total assets invested by these outstanding non-principal guaranteed wealth
           management products issued by the Group amounted to RMB1,287,095 million (31 December 2019:
           RMB1,200,192 million).

           During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s interest in these wealth management products included
           fee and commission income of RMB2,130 million (2019: RMB935 million); interest income of RMB1,230
           million (2019: RMB1,259 million) and interest expense of RMB711 million (2019: RMB846 million).

           As at 31 December 2020, the placements and financial assets held under resale agreements from the Group with
           these wealth management products sponsored by the Group amounted to RMB18,500 million (31 December
           2019: RMB53,500 million), while the placements from these wealth management products to the Group
           amounted to RMB254 million (31 December 2019: RMB35,162 million). During the year ended 31 December
           2020, the amount of maximum exposure of the placements and financial assets held under resale agreements from
           the Group with these wealth management products sponsored by the Group was RMB57,753 million (during
           the year ended 31 December 2019: RMB60,077 million), and the Group has no maximum net exposure of the
           placements from these wealth management products (during the year ended 31 December 2019: RMB12,711
           million). These transactions were conducted under normal business terms and conditions.




                                                                                                       2020 Annual Report    319
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      59 Structured entities (Continued)
             (b)    Unconsolidated structured entities sponsored and managed by the Group (Continued)
                    In order to achieve a smooth transition and steady development of the wealth management business, in 2020, in
                    accordance with the requirements of the “Guiding Opinions on Regulating the Asset Management Business of
                    Financial Institutions”, the Group continue to promote net-value-based reporting of its asset management products
                    and dispose of existing portfolios, and part of the wealth management investment assets from non-consolidated
                    wealth management products to the balance sheet are included in loans and advances and financial investments.

                    On December 31, 2020, the assets under the above mentioned financial management services included
                    RMB113,014 million (31 December 2019: RMB166,444 million) managed by subsidiaries and associated
                    enterprises of the CITIC Group.

             (c)    Principal guaranteed wealth management products sponsored and managed by the Group
                    The Group provides principal guarantee for the principal-guaranteed wealth management products issued and
                    managed by the Group. In line with the Group’s accounting policies, the Group reports wealth management
                    investments and corresponding funds, based on their nature as assets or liabilities, as financial assets or financial
                    liabilities. Principal-guaranteed wealth management products issued and managed by the Group had all matured
                    as of the end of 2020.

      60 Transfers of financial assets
             The Group entered into transactions which involved transfers of financial assets including securitisation transactions,
             structured transfers on assets usufruct, transfers of loans including non-performing loans, and financial assets sold
             under repurchase agreements.

             These transactions were entered into in the normal course of business by which recognised financial assets were transferred
             to third parties or structured entities. Transfers of assets may give rise to full or partial de-recognition of the financial
             assets concerned. On the other hand, where transferred assets do not qualify for de-recognition as the Group has
             retained substantially all the risks and rewards of these assets, the Group continues to recognise the transferred assets.

             Details of the financial assets sold under repurchase agreements are set forth in Note 35. Details of securitisation
             transactions, structured transfers on assets usufruct and loan transfer transactions conducted by the Group for the year
             ended 31 December 2020 totally RMB55,218 million (year ended 31 December 2019: RMB77,356 million) are set
             forth below.

             Securitisation transactions and structured transfers on assets usufruct
             The Group enters into securitisation transactions by which it transfers loans to structured entities which issue asset-
             backed securities to investors. The Group assessed among other factors, whether or not to derecognise the transferred
             assets by evaluating the extent to which it retains the risks and rewards of the assets and whether it has relinquished
             its controls over these assets based on the criteria as detailed in Note 4 (c) and Note 5.

             During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group entered into securitisation transactions and structured transfers
             on assets usufruct backed by financial assets transferred with book value before impairment of RMB32,060 million
             (year ended 31 December 2019: RMB67,562 million). RMB12,560 million of this balance (year ended 31 December
             2019: RMB44,594 million) was in respect of performing loans and the Group concluded that were all qualified for
             full de-recognition. The Group did not recognise other assets and other liabilities arising from continuing involvement
             (year ended 31 December 2019: RMB5,859 million).

             Loan transfers
             During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group also through other types of transactions transferred loans of book
             value before impairment of RMB23,158 million (during the year of 2019: RMB9,794 million). Among them RMB21,395
             million are non-performing loans (during the year of 2019: all of the RMB9,794 million are non-performing loans),
             RMB1,763 million are transfer of normal loans. The Group carried out assessment based on the criteria as detailed in
             Note 4 (c) and Note 5 (iv) and concluded that these transferred assets qualified for full de-recognition.




320   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
              Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



61 Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
     Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated statement of
     financial position when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention
     to settle on a net basis, or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

     As at 31 December 2020, the amount of the financial assets and financial liabilities subject to enforceable master netting
     arrangements or similar agreements are not material to the Group.

62 Statements of financial position and changes in equity of the Bank
     Statement of financial position
                                                                                      31 December              31 December
                                                                                             2020                     2019
      Assets
      Cash and balances with central banks                                                  433,429                 455,377
      Deposits with banks and non-bank financial institutions                               104,015                 108,523
      Precious metals                                                                         6,274                   6,865
      Placements with and loans to banks and non-bank financial                             150,807                 164,896
      Derivative financial assets                                                            28,137                  11,250
      Financial assets held under resale agreements                                         110,649                   9,954
      Loans and advances to customers                                                     4,126,163               3,673,860
      Financial investments                                                               2,010,301               1,792,729
        — at fair value through profit or loss                                              393,736                 308,577
        — at amortised cost                                                                 959,324                 924,028
        — at fair value through other comprehensive income                                  654,085                 557,543
        — designated at fair value through other comprehensive income                         3,156                   2,581
      Investments in subsidiaries and joint ventures                                         32,293                  25,163
      Property, plant and equipment                                                          33,420                  21,931
      Right-of-use assets                                                                    10,890                  11,743
      Intangible assets                                                                       1,985                   1,347
      Deferred tax assets                                                                    40,941                  31,334
      Other assets                                                                           51,662                  78,114
      Total assets                                                                        7,140,966               6,393,086




                                                                                                           2020 Annual Report     321
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      62 Statements of financial position and changes in equity of the Bank (Continued)
             Statement of financial position (Continued)
                                                                           31 December   31 December
                                                                                  2020          2019
              Liabilities
              Borrowings from central banks                                    224,259       240,258
              Deposits from banks and non-bank financial institutions        1,165,650       955,451
              Placements from banks and non-bank financial institutions         12,016        42,241
              Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss         4,047            —
              Derivative financial liabilities                                  27,392        10,907
              Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                 75,271       111,838
              Deposits from customers                                        4,309,548     3,824,031
              Accrued staff costs                                               19,122        19,671
              Taxes payable                                                      7,773         7,929
              Debt securities issued                                           729,647       638,839
              Lease liability                                                    9,821        10,255
              Provisions                                                         7,094         6,027
              Other liabilities                                                 21,955        26,814
              Total liabilities                                              6,613,595     5,894,261
              Equity
              Share capital                                                     48,935        48,935
              Preference shares                                                 78,083        78,083
              Capital reserve                                                   61,598        61,359
              Other comprehensive income                                         1,577         6,332
              Surplus reserve                                                   43,786        39,009
              General reserve                                                   89,856        80,648
              Retained earnings                                                203,536       184,459
              Total equity                                                     527,371       498,825
              Total liabilities and equity                                   7,140,966     6,393,086




322   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                  Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



62 Statements of financial position and changes in equity of the Bank (Continued)
    Statement of changes in equity
                                                                                                   Other
                                                                 Preference                 comprehensive                                             Retained
                                             Share capital           shares Capital reserve       income Surplus reserve General reserve              earnings    Total equity
      As at 1 January 2020                         48,935            78,083           61,359             6,332           39,009            80,648     184,459         498,825
      (i) Net profit                                   —                 —                 —                —                 —                 —      47,767          47,767
      (ii) Other comprehensive income                  —                 —                 —            (4,755)               —                 —          —           (4,755)
      Total comprehensive income                       —                 —                 —            (4,755)               —                 —      47,767          43,012
      (iii) Investor capital
            — Additional investments
                  in joint ventures                    —                 —               239                —                 —                 —          —              239
      (iv) Profit appropriations
            — Appropriations to surplus
                  reserve                              —                 —                 —                —              4,777                —       (4,777)            —
            — Appropriations to general
                  reserve                              —                 —                 —                —                 —              9,208      (9,208)            —
            — Dividend distribution to
                  ordinary shareholders of
                  the bank                             —                 —                 —                —                 —                 —     (11,695)        (11,695)
            — Dividend distribution to
                  preference shareholders              —                 —                 —                —                 —                 —       (1,330)        (1,330)
            — Interest paid to holders of
                  perpetual bonds                      —                 —                 —                —                 —                 —       (1,680)        (1,680)
      As at 31 December 2020                       48,935            78,083           61,598             1,577           43,786            89,856     203,536         527,371

                                                                                                         Other
                                                                                                  comprehensive                                       Retained
                                             Share capital Preference shares   Capital reserve          income    Surplus reserve   General reserve   earnings    Total equity
      As at 1 January 2019                         48,935            34,955           61,359             5,167           34,450             73,370    163,289         421,525
      (i) Net profit                                   —                 —                 —                —                 —                 —      45,592          45,592
      (ii) Other comprehensive income                  —                 —                 —             1,165                —                 —          —            1,165
      Total comprehensive income                       —                 —                 —             1,165                —                 —      45,592          46,757
      (iii) Investor capital
            — Issue convertible bonds                  —              3,135                —                —                 —                 —          —            3,135
      (iv) Issue other equity instruments
            — Perpetual bonds                          —             39,993                —                —                 —                 —          —           39,993
      (v) Profit appropriations
            — Appropriations to surplus
                  reserve                              —                 —                 —                —              4,559                —       (4,559)            —
            — Appropriations to general
                  reserve                              —                 —                 —                —                 —              7,278      (7,278)            —
            — Dividend distribution to
                  ordinary shareholders of
                  the bank                             —                 —                 —                —                 —                 —      (11,255)       (11,255)
            — Dividend distribution to
                  preference shareholders              —                 —                 —                —                 —                 —       (1,330)        (1,330)
      As at 31 December 2019                       48,935            78,083           61,359             6,332           39,009             80,648    184,459         498,825




                                                                                                                                                      2020 Annual Report         323
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      63 Benefits and interests of directors and supervisors
             (a)   Directors and supervisors’ emoluments
                   For the year ended 31 December 2020

                                                               Emoluments paid or receivable in respect of services as director or supervisor of the Group
                                                                                                                                                         Emoluments
                                                                                                                                                                paid or
                                                                                                                                                             receivable
                                                                                                                                                          in respect of
                                                                                                                                                            director or
                                                                                                                                     Remunerations         supervisor’s
                                                                                                                                             paid or other services
                                                                                                                      Employer’s          receivable in connection
                                                                                                                    contribution       in respect of           with the
                                                                                                    Allowances to retirement accepting office management of
                                                                  Discretionary       Housing and benefits                benefit as director and the affairs of
                     Name                         Fees     Salary      bonuses       allowance          in kind           scheme          supervisor        the Group       Total
                                               RMB’000   RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000
                     Executive directors
                     Li Qingping Note (i)           —          —               —                —              —               —                  —                 —          —
                     Fang Heying                    —         700           1,457               —              40             186                 —                 —       2,383
                     Guo Danghuai                   —         525             840               —              40             194                 —                 —       1,599
                     Non-executive directors
                     Cao Guoqiang Note (i)          —           —               —               —               —              —                  —                 —          —
                     Huang Fang Note (i)            —           —               —               —               —              —                  —                 —          —
                     Wan Liming Note (i)            —           —               —               —               —              —                  —                 —          —
                     Independent non-
                         executive directors
                     He Cao                        282          —               —               —               —              —                  —                 —         282
                     Chen Lihua                    282          —               —               —               —              —                  —                 —         282
                     Qian Jun                      306          —               —               —               —              —                  —                 —         306
                     Ying Liji                     300          —               —               —               —              —                  —                 —         300




324   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



63 Benefits and interests of directors and supervisors (Continued)
     (a)   Directors and supervisors’ emoluments (Continued)
           For the year ended 31 December 2020 (Continued)

                                                   Emoluments paid or receivable in respect of services as director or supervisor of the Group
                                                                                                                                             Emoluments
                                                                                                                                                    paid or
                                                                                                                                                 receivable
                                                                                                                                              in respect of
                                                                                                                                                director or
                                                                                                                         Remunerations         supervisor’s
                                                                                                                                 paid or other services
                                                                                                          Employer’s          receivable in connection
                                                                                                        contribution       in respect of           with the
                                                                                        Allowances to retirement accepting office management of
                                                      Discretionary       Housing and benefits                benefit as director and the affairs of
            Name                      Fees     Salary      bonuses       allowance          in kind           scheme          supervisor        the Group       Total
                                   RMB’000   RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000
            Supervisors
            Liu Cheng                   —         630             860               —              40             196                 —                 —       1,726
            Jia Xiangsen               276         —               —                —              —               —                  —                 —         276
            Zheng Wei                  275         —               —                —              —               —                  —                 —         275
            Chen Panwu                  —         450           1,222               —              43             194                 —                 —       1,909
            Zeng Yufang                 —         340             620               —              44             172                 —                 —       1,176
            Li Gang                     —         400             806               —              43             194                 —                 —       1,443
            Wei Guobin                 159         —               —                —              —               —                  —                 —         159
            Former Directors
                and Supervisors
                resigned in 2020
            Deng Changqing Note
                (i)(ii)                 —           —               —               —               —              —                  —                 —          —
            Wang Xiuhong Note
                (iii)                  116          —               —               —               —              —                  —                 —         116




                                                                                                                                               2020 Annual Report       325
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      63 Benefits and interests of directors and supervisors (Continued)
             (a)   Directors and supervisors’ emoluments (Continued)
                   For the year ended 31 December 2019

                                                                   Emoluments paid or receivable in respect of services as director or supervisor of the Group
                                                                                                                                                                  Emoluments
                                                                                                                                                                        paid or
                                                                                                                                                                     receivable
                                                                                                                                                                  in respect of
                                                                                                                                          Remunerations             director or
                                                                                                                                                   paid or         supervisor’s
                                                                                                                          Employer’s            receivable    other services in
                                                                                                                         contribution        in respect of   connection with
                                                                                                         Allowances     to retirement    accepting office    the management
                                                                  Discretionary            Housing      and benefits           benefit    as director and      of the affairs of
                     Name                         Fees     Salary      bonuses            allowance          in kind           scheme           supervisor          the Group        Total
                                               RMB’000   RMB’000     RMB’000              RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000       RMB’000
                     Executive directors
                     Li Qingping Note (i)           —         —                 —                —                —                —                   —                     —          —
                     Fang Heying                    —        825             1,124               —                38              245                  —                     —       2,232
                     Guo Danghuai                   —        600               764               —                38              241                  —                     —       1,643
                     Non-executive directors
                     Cao Guoqiang Note (i)          —          —                —                —                —                —                   —                     —          —
                     Huang Fang Note (i)            —          —                —                —                —                —                   —                     —          —
                     Wan Liming Note (i)            —          —                —                —                —                —                   —                     —          —
                     Independent non-
                         executive directors
                     He Cao                        300         —                —                —                —                —                   —                     —         300
                     Chen Lihua                    300         —                —                —                —                —                   —                     —         300
                     Qian Jun                      300         —                —                —                —                —                   —                     —         300
                     Ying Liji                     300         —                —                —                —                —                   —                     —         300




326   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                 Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                           (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



63 Benefits and interests of directors and supervisors (Continued)
     (a)   Directors and supervisors’ emoluments (Continued)
           For the year ended 31 December 2019 (Continued)

                                                               Emoluments paid or receivable in respect of services as director or supervisor of the Group
                                                                                                                                                              Emoluments
                                                                                                                                                                    paid or
                                                                                                                                                                 receivable
                                                                                                                                                              in respect of
                                                                                                                                      Remunerations             director or
                                                                                                                                               paid or         supervisor’s
                                                                                                                      Employer’s            receivable    other services in
                                                                                                                     contribution        in respect of   connection with
                                                                                                     Allowances     to retirement    accepting office    the management
                                                            Discretionary              Housing      and benefits           benefit    as director and      of the affairs of
             Name                      Fees          Salary      bonuses              allowance          in kind           scheme           supervisor          the Group        Total
                                    RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000                RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000       RMB’000
             Supervisors
             Liu Cheng                     —             700               790               —                38              149                  —                     —       1,677
             Deng Changqing Note
                 (i)(ii)                   —              —                 —                —                —                —                   —                     —          —
             Wang Xiuhong                 300             —                 —                —                —                —                   —                     —         300
             Jia Xiangsen                 300             —                 —                —                —                —                   —                     —         300
             Zheng Wei                    300             —                 —                —                —                —                   —                     —         300
             Chen Panwu                    —             440             1,483               —                51              208                  —                     —       2,182
             Zeng Yufang                   —             330               702               —                38              213                  —                     —       1,283
             Li Gang                       —             390               990               —                51              224                  —                     —       1,655
             Former Directors
                 and Supervisors
                 resigned in 2019
             Sun Deshun                    —             525               733               —                22              125                  —                     —       1,405
             Cheng Pusheng                 —             360               910               —                44              165                  —                     —       1,479

           Notes:


           (i)      Mrs. Li Qingping, Mr. Cao Guoqiang, Mrs. Huang Fang, Mr.Wan Liming, and Mr. Deng Changqing did not receive any eTwo of the four
                    directors are delegated by CITIC Limited and CITIC Group (“parent companies”). Their emoluments were paid by the Group. The other two
                    directors and the supervisor are delegated respectively by Xinhu Zhongbao Co., Ltd, CNTC and Poly Group and provide service to both the
                    parent company and the bank. Their emolument allocation are not disclosed due to the difficulty to differentiate the services provided by the
                    four directors and the supervisor.


           (ii)     Mr.Deng Changqing resigned in December, 2020


           (iii)    Ms.Wang Xiuhong resigned in May, 2020




                                                                                                                                                             2020 Annual Report          327
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      63 Benefits and interests of directors and supervisors (Continued)
             (b)   Other benefits and interests
                   No direct or indirect retirement benefits and termination benefits were paid to directors as at 31 December
                   2020 (as at December 2019: Nil).

                   For the year ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, the balance of loans and advances from the
                   Group to Directors, Supervisors or certain controlled body corporates and connected entities of the Directors
                   or Supervisors was not significant.

                   No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company
                   was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly,
                   subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year 2020 (2019: Nil).

      64 Events after the reporting period
             On 28 December 2020, the Group submitted a USD5 billion medium-term note plan to the Stock Exchange of
             Hong Kong Limited (“SEHK”) for its listing within 12 months from 28 December 2020 only through issuance of
             debt securities to professional investors. The Group applied to the SEHK on 26 January 2021 for approval of the
             listing and trading, only through issuance of debt securities to professional investors, of two portion of the USD5
             billion medium-term note plan, i.e., USD0.2 billion with a coupon rate of 0.875% and a maturity date in 2024, and
             USD0.35 billion, with a coupon rate of 1.25% and a maturity date in 2026. The listing of the note and its approved
             trading became effective on 3 February 2021.

      65 Comparative data
             Certain comparative data has been restated to conform to the presentation of the current year.




328   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
             Chapter 11 Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information

                                                                   (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



The information set out below does not form part of the audited financial statements, and is included herein for information
purposes only.

1     Difference between the financial report prepared under IFRSs and that prepared in
      accordance with PRC GAAP
      China CITIC Bank Corporation (the “Bank”) prepares consolidated financial statements for the year ended at 31
      December 2020, which includes the financial statements of the Bank and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”),
      in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting
      Standards Board and the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
      Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

      As a financial institution incorporated in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) and listed in the Shanghai
      Stock Exchange, the Group also prepares its consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020
      in accordance with the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and other relevant regulations issued by the
      regulatory bodies of the PRC (collectively “PRC GAAP”).

      There is no difference in the profit for the year ended 31 December 2020 or total equity as at 31 December 2020
      between the Group’s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRSs and those prepared in
      accordance with PRC GAAP respectively.

2     Liquidity coverage ratio
                                                                                       31 December           31 December
                                                                                              2020                  2019
        Liquidity coverage ratio                                                          135.14%                149.27%

      The liquidity coverage ratios were also in accordance with the Rules on Liquidity Risk management of Commercial
      Banks (Provisional) issued by the CBIRC and applicable calculation requirements, and based on the data determined
      under the PRC GAAP.

3     Currency concentrations
                                                                          31 December 2020
                                                    US Dollars          HK Dollars         Others                    Total
        Spot assets                                    337,052              146,841             47,916            531,809
        Spot liabilities                               286,646              158,162             23,033            467,841
        Forward purchases                              896,323              142,145             16,902          1,055,370
        Forward sales                                 (925,094)            (101,278)           (38,349)        (1,064,721)
        Options                                        (10,618)                 (21)             3,043             (7,596)
        Net long position                              584,309              345,849             52,545            982,703

                                                                         31 December 2019
                                                     US Dollars         HK Dollars        Others                     Total
        Spot assets                                     293,485             155,871             37,836             487,192
        Spot liabilities                                248,711             159,252             18,848             426,811
        Forward purchases                               945,039             205,182            116,561           1,266,782
        Forward sales                                  (964,382)           (159,262)          (124,628)         (1,248,272)
        Options                                          (8,018)                (33)               283              (7,768)
        Net long position                               514,835             361,010             48,900            924,745




                                                                                                          2020 Annual Report   329
      Chapter 11 Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information

      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      International claims
             International claims are the sum of cross-border claims in all currencies and local claims in foreign currencies. The
             Group is principally engaged in business operations within Mainland China, and regards all the claims on third parties
             outside Mainland China as cross border claims.

             International claims include balances with central banks, deposits with banks and non-bank financial institutions,
             placements with and loans to banks and non-bank financial institutions, financial assets held for trading, financial
             assets designated at fair value through profit or loss, loans and advances to customers, financial assets held under resale
             agreements, financial investments, etc.

             International claims are disclosed based on different countries or regions. A country or region is reported where it
             constitutes 10% or more of the aggregate amount of international claims, after taking into account any risk transfers.
             Risk transfer is only made if the claims are guaranteed by a party in a country which is different from that of the
             counterparty or if the claims are on an overseas branch of a bank whose head office is located in another country.

                                                                                   31 December 2020
                                                                                                  Non-bank
                                                                  Banks       Official sector  private sector                   Total
              Asia Pacific excluding Mainland
                China                                            41,284                  489              52,950              94,723
                — of which attributed to Hong
                     Kong                                        21,235                  473              45,784              67,492
              Europe                                              7,440                    2              20,692              28,134
              North and South America                            42,684               44,136              69,167             155,987
              Africa                                                355                   —                   —                  355
              Total                                              91,763               44,627             142,809             279,199

                                                                                   31 December 2019
                                                                                                   Non-bank
                                                                   Banks      Official sector   private sector                  Total
              Asia Pacific excluding Mainland
                China                                            44,407                  282              51,506               96,195
                — of which attributed to Hong
                     Kong                                        16,746                  274              46,779              63,799
              Europe                                              6,080                    3              12,537              18,620
              North and South America                            29,206               44,910              55,626             129,742
              Africa                                                 —                    —                   —                   —
              Total                                              79,693               45,195             119,669             244,557




330   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
             Chapter 11 Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information

                                                              (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



5   Overdue loans and advances to customers by geographical sectors
                                                                           31 December 2020
                                                                                   Loans and
                                                           Gross loans and advances overdue          Credit impaired
                                                                  advances     over 3 months                   loans
     Bohai Rim (including Head Office)                           1,269,385               25,602               34,988
     Yangtze River Delta                                         1,089,758                3,980               10,409
     Pearl River Delta and West Strait                             681,024                5,734                7,962
     Central                                                       612,438                6,717                9,587
     Western                                                       544,949                6,215                9,926
     Northeastern                                                   89,167                1,524                2,556
     Outside Mainland China                                        186,586                2,903                2,984
     Accrued interest                                               12,592                   —                     —
     Total                                                       4,485,899               52,675               78,412

                                                                           31 December 2019
                                                                           Loans and advances
                                                           Gross loans and     overdue over 3        Credit impaired
                                                                  advances            months                   loans
     Bohai Rim (including Head Office)                           1,224,035               17,896               24,327
     Yangtze River Delta                                           920,846                5,926                7,968
     Pearl River Delta and West Strait                             598,313                8,733               12,606
     Central                                                       534,366                6,818                9,006
     Western                                                       474,109                5,928                9,332
     Northeastern                                                   77,694                3,051                4,148
     Outside Mainland China                                        168,624                1,791                  946
     Accrued interest                                               10,104                   —                     —
     Total                                                       4,008,091               50,143               68,333


6   Gross overdue amounts due from banks and other financial institutions and overdue
    loans and advances to customers
    (a)      Gross overdue amounts due from banks and other financial institutions
                                                                                 31 December            31 December
                                                                                        2020                   2019
              Gross amounts due from banks and other financial
                institutions which have been overdue                                        —                      —
              As a percentage of total gross amounts due from banks and
                other financial institutions                                                —                      —




                                                                                                    2020 Annual Report    331
      Chapter 11 Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information

      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      6      Gross amount of overdue amounts due from banks and other financial institutions
             and overdue loans and advances to customers (continued)
             (b)   Gross amounts of overdue loans and advances to customers
                                                                                               31 December             31 December
                                                                                                      2020                    2019
                     Gross loans and advances to customers which have been
                       overdue with respect to either principal or interest for
                       periods of:
                       — between 3 and 6 months                                                       12,693                  13,950
                       — between 6 and 12 months                                                      21,997                  15,910
                       — over 12 months                                                               17,985                  20,283
                     Total                                                                            52,675                  50,143
                     As a percentage of total gross loans and advances to
                       customers:
                       — between 3 and 6 months                                                       0.28%                   0.35%
                       — between 6 and 12 months                                                      0.49%                   0.40%
                       — over 12 months                                                               0.40%                   0.50%
                     Total                                                                            1.17%                   1.25%

                   —         The above analysis represents loans and advances overdue for more than 3 months as required by the
                             Hong Kong Monetary Authority.

                   —         Loans and advances with a specific repayment date are classified as overdue when the principal or interest
                             is overdue.

                   —         Loans and advances repayable on demand are classified as overdue when a demand for repayment has
                             been served on the borrower but repayment has not been made in accordance with the instructions. If
                             the loans and advances are repayable on demand which are outside the approved limit that was advised
                             to the borrower, they are also considered as overdue.

                   —         As at 31 December 2020, the loans and advances to customers of RMB52,675 million of the above
                             overdue loans and advances were credit-impaired. (As at 31 December 2019, the loans and advances to
                             customers of RMB50,143 million of the above overdue loans and advances were credit-impaired)

                   Loans and advances to customers overdue for more than 3 months:

                                                                                               31 December             31 December
                                                                                                      2020                    2019
                     Secured portion                                                                  31,821                  28,433
                     Unsecured portion                                                                20,854                  21,710
                     Total                                                                            52,675                  50,143
                     Allowance for impairment losses                                                 (38,224)                (38,392)
                     Net balance                                                                      14,451                  11,751
                     Maximum exposure covered by pledge and collateral held                           32,103                  26,517

                   The fair value of collateral was estimated by management based on the latest revaluation including available
                   external valuation, if any, adjusted by taking into account the current realization experience as well as market
                   situation.

      7      Non-bank Mainland China exposures
             The Bank is a commercial bank incorporated in the Mainland China with its banking business primarily conducted in
             Mainland China. As of 31 December 2020, the majority of the Bank’s non-bank exposures arose from businesses with
             Mainland China entities or individuals. Analyses of various types of exposures by counterparties have been disclosed
             in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

332   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                              China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                                     (A joint stock limited company incorporated
                                                                                                                                     in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

                                                                                                                                     Stock Code : 0998




                                                                                             2020 Annual Report
                                                                                                                                     Strive to Be
                                                                                                                                     the Provider of
                                                                                                                                     the Best Comprehensive
                                                                                                                                     Financial Services
Address : 6-30/F and 32-42/F, Building No. 1, 10 Guanghua Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing




                                                                                                                                     2020
Postal Code : 100020
Investor Hotline : +86-10-66638188
Email Address : ir@citicbank.com
Website : www.citicbank.com


                                                                                                                                     Annual Report
           This Annual Report is printed on recyclable paper
