                                                                    China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                                                   (A joint stock limited company incorporated
                                                                                                                                                   in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

                                                                                                                                                   Stock Code : 0998




                                                                   2019 Annual Report




                                                                                                           Strive to Be the Company Offering the
                                                                                                           Best Comprehensive Financial Services



                                                                                                           2019
Address : No.9 Chaoyangmen Beidajie, Dongcheng District, Beijing
Postal Code : 100010
Investor Hotline : +86-10-85230010
Email Address : ir@citicbank.com
Website : www.citicbank.com


                                                                                                           Annual Report
           This Annual Report is printed on recyclable paper
Corporate Profile
China CITIC Bank was founded in 1987. It is one of the earliest emerging commercial banks established during China’s reform and
opening up and also China’s first commercial bank participating in financing at both domestic and international financial markets. A
keen contributor to China’s economic development, the Bank is renowned at home and abroad for brushing numerous track records
in the modern Chinese financial history. In April 2007, the Bank simultaneously listed its A and H shares at the Shanghai Stock
Exchange and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

The Bank aspires to become a unique and responsible enterprise offering the best comprehensive financial services with dignity and
a human touch. To attain this development vision, the Bank fully leverages on the unique competitive advantages of CITIC Group
in placing financial and non-financial businesses on an equal footing, and at the same time holds firm to its “customer orientation”
and adheres to the business concept of “safe CITIC Bank, compliant operation, science and technology for growth, serving the real
economy, market orientation and value creation”. For corporate customers and institutional customers, the Bank offers integrated
financial solutions in corporate banking business, international business, financial markets business, institutional banking business,
investment banking business, transaction banking business and custody business. For individual customers, the Bank provides
diversified financial products and services in retail banking, credit card, consumer finance, wealth management, private banking,
going abroad finance and e-banking. As such, the Bank satisfies the needs of corporate, institutional and individual customers for
comprehensive financial services on all fronts.

As at the end of 2019, the Bank had 1,401 outlets in 151 large and medium-sized cities in China and 6 affiliates at home and
abroad including CITIC International Financial Holdings Limited, CNCB (Hong Kong) Investment Co., Ltd., CITIC Financial
Leasing Co., Ltd., Zhejiang Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank Limited, CITIC aiBank Corporation Limited, and JSC Altyn Bank. CITIC
Bank International Limited, a subsidiary of CIFH, recorded 38 outlets in Hong Kong SAR, Macau SAR, New York, Los Angeles,
Singapore and the Chinese mainland. CNCB (Hong Kong) Investment Co., Ltd. had 3 subsidiaries in Hong Kong and the Chinese
mainland. CITIC aiBank Corporation Limited, a joint venture co-sponsored by the Bank and Baidu, was the first independent legal
entity practicing direct banking in China. JSC Altyn Bank had 7 outlets and 1 private banking center in Kazakhstan.

The Bank has persevered in serving the real economy, engaging in stable healthy business operation and keeping abreast with
the times. Thriving through over 30 years’ growth and expansion, the Bank has become a financial conglomerate with strong
comprehensive competitiveness and powerful brand influence, registering more than RMB6 trillion total assets and nearly 60,000
employees. In 2019, The Banker magazine of the United Kingdom rated the Bank the 19th on its list of the “Top 500 Global Bank
Brands” and the 26th on its list of the “Top 1,000 World Banks” in terms of tier-one capital.



Important Notice
The Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, directors, supervisors and senior management members of the Bank guarantee
that the information contained in the 2019 Annual Report does not include any false records, misleading statements or material
omissions, and assume several and joint liabilities for its truthfulness, accuracy and completeness.

The meeting of the Board of Directors of the Bank adopted the full text and summary of the Bank’s 2019 Annual Report on 26
March 2020. All of the 10 eligible directors attended the meeting. The supervisors and senior management members of the Bank
attended the meeting as non-voting delegates.

The 2019 annual financial reports that the Bank prepared in accordance with the PRC Accounting Standards and the International
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) were audited respectively by PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP (Special and General
Partnership) and PricewaterhouseCoopers in accordance with the auditing standards of the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong SAR
respectively, with both firms producing an auditor’s report with a standard unqualified audit opinion.

Ms. Li Qingping as Chairperson of the Board of Directors, Mr. Fang Heying as President and concurrently Chief Financial Officer
of the Bank and Ms. Li Peixia as General Manager of the Finance and Accounting Department of the Bank hereby declare and
guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the financial report contained in the Bank’s 2019 Annual Report.

Profit Distribution Plan: Chapter 4 “Report of Board of Directors – Profit and Dividend Distribution of Ordinary Shares” of this
report discloses the Bank’s Profit Distribution Plan for 2019 as reviewed and adopted by the Board of Directors and to be submitted
to the 2019 Annual General Meeting for deliberation. The plan proposes to pay a cash dividend of RMB2.39 per 10 shares (before
tax). No scheme for transfer of capital reserve to share capital will be applied for the current year.

Cautionary note on forward-looking statements: Forward-looking statements such as future plans and development strategies contained
in this report do not constitute substantive commitments of the Bank to its investors. Investors and relevant persons are kindly reminded
to maintain adequate risk awareness of such statements and understand the differences between plans, forecasts and commitments.

Material risk reminder: During the reporting period, the Bank was not aware of any material risk that would adversely affect its
future development strategies and business targets. The Bank has detailed in this report the major risks that it was and may be
exposed to in its operation and management and its countermeasures thereof. For relevant information thereof, please refer to “Risk
Management” and “Outlook” in Chapter 3 “Management Discussion and Analysis” of the report.

For the purpose of this report, numbers are expressed in Renminbi (RMB) unless otherwise specially stated. The report is compiled in
both Chinese and English. Should there be any discrepancy between Chinese and English versions, the Chinese version shall prevail.
Contents
Chairperson’s Letter to Shareholders                                4
President’s Letter to Shareholders                                 10
Chapter 1 Corporate Introduction                                   16
Chapter 2 Financial Highlights                                     22
Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis                       26
              3.1 Overview of the External Macro Environment       26
                      and the Bank’s Operating Results
              3.2 Analysis of the Financial Statements             28
              3.3 Business Overview                                54
              3.4 Risk Management                                  76
              3.5 Capital Management                               85
              3.6 Material Investments, Acquisitions and           86
                      Disposal and Restructuring of Assets
              3.7 Information about Structured Entities            87
                      Controlled by the Bank
              3.8 Outlook and Response                             87
              3.9 Management of Corporate Social Responsibility    88
Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors                         89
Chapter 5 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on           114
                Ordinary Shareholders
Chapter 6 Preference Shares                                       125
Chapter 7 Convertible Corporate Bonds                             128
Chapter 8 Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management               130
                Members, Staff and Affiliates
Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report                             150
Chapter 10 Report of the Board of Supervisors                     170
Chapter 11 Independent Auditor’s Report and Financial             173
             Report
    Mission and Vision




                                           To become a unique and responsible
                                           enterprise offering the best
                         Vision            comprehensive financial services
                                           with dignity and a human touch



                                           To create value for customers, seek
                                           happiness for employees, make
                        Mission            profit for shareholders and perform
                                           responsibility for the society




                                           Customer orientation, integrity,
                           Core            innovation, coordination
                          values           and excellence




                                           Building “trust” for long-term
                          Brand            growth, incorporating smart services
                          motto            for boundless financing




2   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
Performance Overview



                                                                          Operating income                                                        Net profit
Operating performance:
                                                                   187.881          billion RMB
                                                                                                                                   48.015    billion RMB
                                                                                       Total assets                                  Fastest net profit
                                                                                                                                    growth in 5 years
                                                          6,750.433                 billion RMB                                      7.87%
        Profitability:                                                                         ROAA                            Cost-to-income ratio

                                                                           0.76%                                               27.84%
                                                                                               ROAE                              Net interest margin

                                                                     11.06%                                                          2.12%
                                                                                                                       Allowance coverage ratio
        Asset quality:
                                                                                         NPL ratio
                                                                                                                        175.25%
                                                                           1.65%
                                                                                                                           The ratio of allowance
                                                                                                                               for impairment of
                                                                                                                              loans to total loans

                                                                                                                                     2.90%
                                                                                                                          Monthly active users of
        Customer base:                                         Corporate customers                                         mobile banking APP

                                                            742,700 11.1547                                                                             million


                                                             Retail banking customers                                             Credit cards issued

                                              102.2015                                        million         83.3250                                   million


Note:    Indicators under operating performance profitability and asset quality are date of the Group and indicators under customer base are date of the Bank.




                                                                                                                                               2019 Annual Report   3
Chairperson’s Letter to Shareholders




   Li Qingping
   Chairperson
   Executive Director
Chairperson’s Letter to Shareholders

Dear shareholders,

2019 is a remarkable year. It marks the 70th anniversary of the PRC and the 40th anniversary of CITIC Group, the
substantial shareholder of the Bank. Driven by the dream and inspiration, the Bank continued to carry out reform and
innovation, deepened strategic transformation, and endeavored to create values. It forged ahead on the journey of building
CITIC Bank into an “enterprise offering the best comprehensive financial services”, and achieved high-quality annual
development result. At this point, I would like to report to our shareholders that for the year 2019 the Group realized
net operating income of RMB187.88 billion, up 13.3% year on year; and net profit attributable to the equity holders of
RMB48.02 billion, 7.9% higher than last year, both seeing the highest rate of growth in recent years; assets of RMB6.75
trillion, up 11.3% over the end of the previous year; and ratio of non-performing loans (NPLs) of 1.65%, a decrease of 0.12
percentage point over the end of the previous year. Based on the favorable performance, the Board of Directors of the Bank
recommended distributing dividends for ordinary shares in 2019 at RMB2.39 (before tax) per 10 shares, and submitted the
proposal to the annual general meeting for approval.

Recently, the COVID-19 epidemic has been a great concern to everyone. The World Health Organization (WHO) has
declared COVID-19 a pandemic. The epidemic, to some extent, has slowed the economic growth and exerted negative
influence on corporate operation. Moreover its containment is of great importance to everyone’s health. In particular, the
transportation, tourism, catering and trade sectors are among the severely-hit industries, and the global financial market
is also experiencing sharp fluctuations recently. In my opinion, history often rhymes. Every time when a “black swan”
incident appears, there is a process of cognition and absorption, and the only thing we shall fear is fear itself. Meanwhile,
we are more aware than ever that the fortune of our country is the cornerstone of our success. The positive long-term
growth outlook for China’s economy remain unchanged. The remarkable institutional strengths, hugely resilient economy,
enormous domestic demand, and adequate policy space provide sources of confidence for us, and also explain why the
international community is optimistic about China. Risks are accompanied with potentialities. The “Black Swan” incident
has brought not only challenges and pressure, but also opportunities and impetus. The epidemic will propel China to
step up the pace of replacing old drivers of growth with new ones and industrial upgrading, and press ahead with the
development of key sectors such as new-type infrastructure, mega consumption and mega health. Among them, the
scientific and technological innovation represented by 5G, artificial intelligence (AI), data center and internet, and the
improvements in the consumption pattern of education, medical care and social security are priorities for China’s economy
to avoid falling into the “middle-income trap”, and achieve high-quality development. China’s economy in 2020 is still
worth expecting.

In light of the Bank’s operations and management, what I have pondered over recently is how to coordinate the our
work on two “fronts”, namely provide as much support as possible for the epidemic containment on the one hand, and
ensure sound and steady development of the Bank on the other hand. It is undeniable that difficulties and challenges do
exist, as the interest spread of banking industry narrows and the NPLs might increase. However, solutions are not out of
our reach. We will further embrace the trend, respect the laws of development and return to the Bank’s original mission,
namely, to serve the real economy, focus on customer services, and control operational risks. The more difficulties we
are experiencing, the more confident and resilient we shall remain. We will forge ahead and concentrate on our goal
with every determination, and endeavor to build CITIC Bank into an unique and responsible enterprise offering the best
comprehensive financial services with dignity and a human touch. Whenever it is yesterday, today or tomorrow, we have
always worked hard to press ahead and will continue the journey of value creation.




                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report     5
    C h a i r p e r s o n’s L e t t e r t o S h a r e h o l d e r s




    We are committed to becoming a responsible enterprise, as we embed our development to the fortune of our country,
    and endeavor to be a patriotic state-owned enterprise. Right after the outbreak of COVID-19, we donated RMB50
    million to support the epidemic containment, patient treatment, and medical staff protection. We were the first financial
    institution of the nation that had donated money to fight against the epidemic through China Charity Federation. We took
    financial measures, such as improving payment settlement, increasing online financing, opening green channels, reducing
    related fees, and allocating special fund, to provide financial support for the epidemic prevention and control. In particular,
    we reinforced financial services and support for enterprises engaged in the fight against the epidemic and those that were
    severely hit by the epidemic so as to help them overcome difficulties. We proactively contacted enterprises producing
    medicine and medical supplies, provided financial resources for them, and reduced the financing interest rate to support
    the frontline enterprises in the battle against the epidemic. After knowing that Wangshunge and Haidilao, both catering
    enterprises, were temporarily in a financial predicament, we swiftly granted loans to support them within one week, hoping
    that our efforts would offer “invisible wings” to help them out and give a strong boost to their development.

    All that we have done is not out of improvisation. Established during China’s reform and opening-up policy, the Bank
    has prospered along with economic and social development of the state, and it has always been pursuing the right
    approach to principles and interests by serving the real economy and honoring its social responsibilities. In recent years,
    we have vigorously developed inclusive finance, gave full support to private enterprises and micro, small and medium-
    sized enterprises to help achieve high-quality development of the real economy. At the end of 2019, as per the CBIRC’s
    assessment standards, the Bank’s balance of inclusive finance loans stood at RMB204.26 billion, an increase of RMB67.9
    billion or nearly 50% year on year. Behind these figures lies our commitment to our mission. As the Chinese old saying
    goes, in spite of difficulties, we shall be open-minded and far-sighted. We do not limit our service to granting loans.
    Instead, we serve customers with the aim of meeting enterprises’ financial needs at various stages of development. A
    Chairman of a Shenzhen-based private enterprise engaging in electronic technology expressed his gratitude for us in this
    way: “When we were in need, CITIC Bank helped us, which really encouraged me and other entrepreneurs around”. In
    2018 when this company encountered with the daunting challenges known as “three huge mountains”, namely, market as
    an iceberg, financing as a high mountain, and transformation as a volcano. At the time, we took measures quickly, worked
    out a comprehensive financial plan, and provided timely support on the precondition of ensuring risk control. With
    our help, the company has returned to the right trajectory, and now leads in many segmented fields. Firmly upholding
    the philosophy of “growing together with enterprises” instead of putting profit first when our corporate clients are in
    difficulties, we interpreted the commitments of a bank and the responsibilities of a state-owed enterprise with our actions.
    In the future, we will strive to create greater value by doing right things and doing things in a right way.

    We are committed to becoming an enterprise with a human touch, closely link our development with serving
    customers and improving employees’ wellbeing, and endeavor to develop into a benevolent enterprise. The epidemic
    outbreak witnessed our commitment. We provided volunteer consultation and healthcare lectures jointly with online
    medical institutions, and tried our best to protect customers’ health and safety. In particular, we launched a dedicated
    telephone service line for elderly customers, developed an exclusive mobile banking system, and established the “Happiness
    1+6”, a financial service system for the elderly, to take care of this group. We have always put ourselves into clients’ shoes.
    Suspecting the cash carrying the virus, an elderly customer in Nanjing put RMB3,000’s cash into the microwave oven for
    sterilization and burned the cash in the end. Despite the fact that machine failed to identify the cash and the remained
    cash were vulnerable to secondary damage, one of our client managers overcame difficulties and manually cleaned and
    distinguished the cash, and changed the money in full amount, moving the elderly customer with patient and considerate
    services. We raised fund for enterprises related to the people’s livelihood through multiple channels. We launched the first
    epidemic containment bond at the entire market and in over ten provinces and cities. The fund raised therefrom was used
    in such areas as harmless disposal of virus-related special waste, spring agricultural production, hog raising, e-commerce
    logistics, and emergency reserves, widely acclaimed by bond issuers including Wumart Group and JD.com and governments
    at different levels. The list of such examples goes on and on, evidencing our core value of “customer orientation”. We give
    greater priority to improving customer experience and meeting their needs, and the Bank’s brand image of “guarding the
    warmth of inheritance with good faith” has gradually taken root among the public. In 2019, the retail customers of the
    Bank and the credit cards issued by the Bank exceeded the 100 million mark and the 80 million mark respectively. The
    Bank recorded 743,000 accounts of corporate customers, an increase of 3.2 times the previous year’s increment and the
    highest rate of growth in recent years. In the future, we will continue to build a more considerate, vigorous and convenient
    operation system for customers through online, intelligent and customized means.




6   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                      C h a i r p e r s o n’s L e t t e r t o S h a r e h o l d e r s




While ensuring good services for customers, we have always kept in mind that employees are treasure for sustainable
development. We are fully aware that the taste ocean is decided by each drop of water in it. We do our best to take care
of our employees to ensure that every one of them can work with passion and joy and live with dignity and happiness so
as to let our employees pass on this positive energy to customers and the society. During the epidemic period, some of our
employees worked day and night and played an active and indispensable role in meeting the financial needs of enterprises
engaged in the epidemic containment, and others, despite the dreadful windy and snowy weather, persisted in inspecting
the workplace to eliminate the potential risks. One of our employees in Lhasa Branch has not taken a single day off since
the Spring Festival. He expressed that since Lhasa is located in of high-altitude, cold and oxygen poor condition, catching
a cold may be life-threatening; when he brought the protective gear to customers, and when he taught a Tibetan grandma
how to wear a mask, he thought all his efforts were worthwhile. Such kind of sincerity and genuineness are being integrated
into our corporate culture, encouraging more colleagues to provide considerate services.

We are committed to becoming a unique enterprise with differentiated competitive advantages, and endeavor to
develop into a commercial bank with unique capability for value creation. Synergy is our wealth. We have given full
play to CITIC Group’s unique advantages in “Finance + the Real Economy” to provide customers with comprehensive
cross-border and cross-market services by way of “CITIC United Fleet”. In 2019, the Bank implemented 557 collaborative
projects in partnership with the affiliates under CITIC Group including CITIC Securities, China Securities, CITIC Trust,
and CITIC Capital, with products covering bond underwriting, equity investment, trust plan, financial lease and other
categories, co-financing RMB640 billion for corporate customers. The synergy strategy has inexhaustible potential. It is
more than one point, we wish to extend it into a plane where we can build a scenario-based and platform-based ecosystem.
Through it, we can transform our strengths in providing a basket of comprehensive financial solutions into greater value.
For example, in the elderly care industry, the Bank has arranged three pillars: it is one of the major partner banks of the
Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security in the national social security fund; it provides annuity services for near
1,000 enterprises nationwide and won the bid for the custodianship of the occupational annuity plans of the central state
organs and institutions and 25 provinces, cities and autonomous regions; it actively worked on connecting its system with
that of the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security and joint product R&D. Once leveraging CITIC Group’s
comprehensive strengths in mega consumption, mega cultural tourism, mega health and real estate sectors, we are likely
to develop both elderly care finance and non-financial services at the same time, and build an all-around elderly care
eco-system to ensure the elderly enjoys access to a wide range of services in caring, medical care, learning, tourism and
recreation. We sincerely welcome the elderly customers with open arms to join hands with us and pursue a higher-quality
elderly life. We also hope that our insight and systematic operation will further boost the development of the elderly care
industry and the building of the public health system.

Innovation is in the genes of Bank. We attach great importance to the new economy, new models and new trends as well
as accompanied changes brought by the internet era, and spare no effort to increase investment in technology to empower
business development. With such efforts, finance and technology spark up new achievements: The CITIC AI Brain, an
AI platform independently developed by the Bank, has been launched and used for over 100 precision financial services;
the real-time intelligent products brought in the sale of wealth management products of RMB160 billion, and drove the
scale of asset management to increase by RMB41 billion. Within only two years after its opening, CITIC aiBank has been
recognized as a state-level high-tech enterprise, recorded more than 32 million users, opened more than 350 APIs, and
connected with more than 80 scenarios, continuously enhancing its capability of ecosystem extension and improving its
market influence. The Bank has taken a leading role in blockchain technology and application in the banking sector. More
than 20 banks joined the blockchain trade finance platform led by the Bank, and the on-chain transaction volume exceeded
RMB100 billion. All these epitomize the Bank’s achievements in increasing investment in technology, and also represent
the hardcore fruits that the flowers of innovation have turned into. In the future, we will accelerate digital transformation
in an all-around manner, and demonstrate the “CITIC acceleration” in the race of digital competition.




                                                                                                              2019 Annual Report        7
    C h a i r p e r s o n’s L e t t e r t o S h a r e h o l d e r s




    Internationalization is our aspiration. Through years of efforts, our layout for internationalized operation has taken initial
    shape, with institutions distributed in Hong Kong, Macao, New York, Los Angeles, London and Singapore. In recent
    years, we have intensified efforts to improve capability for integrated cross-border services, and became the first Chinese
    bank to acquire bank equity in the countries along the Belt and Road initiative. One year has passed since CITIC Bank
    completed the acquisition of a majority stake in JSC Altyn Bank of Kazakhstan. ROA and ROE of JSC Altyn Bank have
    increased from 2.5% and 24.1% in the first half of 2018 to 3.2% and 29.2% in 2019, respectively; the NPL ratio was
    the lowest among commercial banks of Kazakhstan; and JSC Altyn Bank has retained the highest credit rating throughout
    the country. More importantly, via this “bridge”, CITIC Bank is playing a more and more important role in promoting
    mutually beneficial cooperation between Chinese and Kazakhstani enterprises. In 2019, we co-sponsored the First Chinese-
    Kazakhstani Hi-tech Enterprises Summit with JSC Altyn Bank, and broke new ground by facilitating the signing of
    cooperation agreements by 10 enterprises. As result of such efforts, first batch of beef from Kazakhstan was imported into
    Beijing Xinfadi Market at the end of last year. In the future, we will see more and more cooperative programs carried out.
    Relying on the layout of cross-border institution layout, we are committed to building a well-structured globalized financial
    trade network. With the opening of London Branch of the Bank last year, a 24-hour transaction platform connecting
    Beijing-Hong Kong-London-New York financial markets has been established, marking a milestone for our building of
    a global financial service ecosystem. Looking forward, as the two-way openness in China’s capital market continuously
    advances, the international comprehensive service network built by us today will have its role to play like never before.

    We are committed to becoming an enterprise with dignity, work hard to win recognition from market and customers
    and gain trust from shareholders and employees, and endeavor to build up a century-old brand image. In 2019, The
    Banker magazine of the United Kingdom ranked the Bank the 19th on its list of the “Top 500 Global Bank Brands”, five
    places higher than the previous year, and the 26th on its list of the “Top 1,000 World Banks” in terms of tier-one capital,
    one place higher than the previous year. In the face of such lists, while enjoying the excitement, we remain rational and
    sober-minded. We are fully aware that only after experiencing multiple ups and downs, can such century-old brands as
    Citibank and Wells Fargo be forged into what we see today and stand out of the world banking, and there were also some
    financial institutions, once remarkably competitive and highly-accomplished, went bankruptcy. In retrospect of all those
    successes and failures, right strategies, stable operation and management, compliant and effective risk control are critical
    factors, and all of these are decided by a bank’s ability of governance. To develop into a century-old brand and achieve
    high-quality development, the Bank shall focus on its own development and strengthen its resilience, which is particularly
    important under the extraordinary and unprecedented changes unfolding now.

    In 2020, we will explicitly make strengthening governance a top priority of the work throughout the year, and pursue
    development through transformation, standardization and stability amidst the overall enhancement of our country’s
    governance system and capacity for governance. We will unwaveringly strengthen Party leadership, and promote in-depth
    integration of Party leadership into modern corporate system; we will maintain our orientation, ignite the impetus and tap
    the synergy for high-quality development of the Bank. We will work for advancing the risk management system reform,
    make proactive risk forestalling and mitigation our top priority, improve the accountability system and authorization
    system so as to extend our protective shield as much as possible and comprehensively raise the risk control level. We will
    constantly improve the internal control compliance work, hold on to the bottom line of compliant operations, and enhance
    oversight and accountability to advance the “Safe CITIC” initiative. We will intensify our efforts to strengthen the building
    of corporate culture, vigorously carry forward the spirits of loyalty, self-discipline, fighting, responsibility and pragmatism
    to foster a healthy business atmosphere of integrity and ensure that we will always take a lead in the competition.




8   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                    C h a i r p e r s o n’s L e t t e r t o S h a r e h o l d e r s




Finally, let me quote a line from Chinese poet Ai Qing “Go and ask the thawing land, go and ask the thawing river.” This
poem was composed in 1980 to depict the historic trend as China undertook the reform and opening-up policy then. As
China further deepens reform and opening-up in the new era, we can still feel the inexhaustible energy and dynamism
throughout the country. I believe as long as we continue to forge ahead towards our defined direction, we will accomplish
greater achievements. Meanwhile, I hope our investors will, as always, give their support to us along this journey.




                                                                                                                Li Qingping
                                                                                               Chairperson, Executive Director
                                                                                                             26 March 2020




                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report        9
Fang Heying
Executive Director,
President
President’s Letter to Shareholders

Dear shareholders,

In 2019, the global political and economic landscape entered a new round of adjustments, posing rising risks and challenges
at home and abroad. The Chinese economy withstood external and internal pressures and showed great resilience, providing
potent support to enterprises’ development. Over the past year, the management, guided by the strategic leadership of the
Board of Directors, had followed the overarching principle of pursuing progress while ensuring stability. Placing equal stress
on quality, speed and long-term goals, it had cemented the Bank’s business foundation, optimized its structure, advanced
its transformation and management and promoted high-quality development, achieving both economic and social benefits.

Continuing the pursuit of higher quality and excellence, balancing stability and progress and improving our
capability for value creation

We witnessed stable business expansion and progress in structural adjustment. We have been pursuing development in
a moderately progressive manner. At the end of 2019, the Group’s total assets and liabilities amounted to RMB6.75 trillion
and RMB6.22 trillion, respectively, up by 11.3% and 10.8% from previous year. Thanks to continuing consolidation
of customer base, we overcame the “deposit difficulties” commonly faced by rival banks and the total deposits reached
RMB4.04 trillion, up by 11.7% from the end of prior year doubling the increment of last year. Personal customer deposits
surpassed RMB800.0 billion for the first time, with the increment exceeding RMB100 billion for two consecutive years.
Advantages in deposit costs were maintained and sustainable development capabilities was further enhanced.

Business scale shows the “appearance” of a bank’s operation and management, and business structure reflects its underlying
development quality. Last year, we worked on improving the asset structure and tilted loan resources towards low-risk
and low-capital-consuming business. Personal mortgage loans, low-priced corporate loans and government low-risk loans
accounted for over 60% of newly increased on-balance-sheet loans, further improving the asset safety and anti-cyclical
resilience. We worked on optimizing liability composition and rolled out multiple measures to consolidate our work in
terms of customers, settlement and products. The customer deposits made up a share of 64.95% of our liabilities, up by
0.5 percentage points from the prior year. The proportion of personal customer deposits to the total customer deposits was
21.7%, up by 2.0 percentage points. We worked on improving the income structure. We built up efforts in promoting
of fee-based business, as a result non-interest income accounted for 32.3%, up by 0.4 percentage point from the past year.
With these deep-level structural arrangements and adjustments, we fostered “new momentum” for our liability business,
strengthened the “safe cushion” for asset business and gradually formed a “stabilizer” for income increase. By doing so, we
are more confident in dealing with influence brought by the economic cyclical fluctuations.

We witnessed stable long-established advantages and progress in new business expansion. Corporate banking has
been our long-established advantage. Last year, we continued the reform on corporate banking integration, strengthened
differentiated and classified services for customers, and vigorously developed transaction banking. The comprehensive
advantages were continuously released. In 2019, the total number of our corporate customers reached a record high of
743,000, an increase of 113,000 from the end of the prior year. Corporate deposits hit RMB3 trillion, maintaining the
leading position among joint-stock banks. Giving full play to the advantage of “CITIC United Fleet” in collaboration,
the Bank financed more than RMB640.0 billion for corporate customers jointly. We advanced cooperation with the
government and enterprises, and won the bid for the custodianship of the occupational annuity plans of the central
government organs and institutions and 25 provinces, cities and autonomous regions.

We made the retail banking and financial market business as the key points to overcome business cycle and achieve
sustainable business growth. Last year, we paced up the building of a basic framework for an open retail bank, set up
marketing platforms to acquire customers more efficiently, and launched open agency payroll service platforms. The
systematic development of our retail banking system was promoted and our indigenous momentum for growth was further
unleashed. In 2019, the number of personal customers surpassed the threshold of 100 million and assets under management
reached RMB2 trillion. The total credit cards issued reached 80 million. We accelerated the transformation of financial
market business towards investment and trading, built a 24/7 trading platform connecting financial markets of Beijing,
Hong Kong, London and New York, established Shanghai Branch Financial Markets Center and obtained the approval
for the establishment of CITIC Wealth Management Corporation Limited further cementing our position as a core trader
in the money market. In 2019, our income from bond trading reached RMB1.122 billion, and the income from foreign
exchange trading totaled RMB1.08 billion. The ability to seize market shares and opportunities was enhanced.

As a Chinese saying goes, “A handy tool makes a handyman.” Products and services have been the magic weapons for
winning competition in the banking sector. In face of fierce competition, we have been cementing our advantages of
featured services and enhancing our government finance, foreign exchange trading, transaction banking, auto finance,
investment banking, bill business, going-abroad finance and credit card business. We have been fostering advantaged
services and expanding of private banking, agency payroll services, asset custody services and wealth management business.
We have been actively supporting emerging business including online consumer finance, inclusive finance, technology
financial and pension finance. We are working to inject vitality to traditional services through continuous efforts so that
our advantages will be further enhanced. We hope that through fostering emerging business, making breakthroughs,
launching a batch of characteristic “single big products” our distinctive brand and competitiveness can be forged.

                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report     11
     P r e s i d e n t ’s L e t t e r t o S h a r e h o l d e r s




     We witnessed stable asset quality and progress in profitability. We are well aware that asset quality is the foundation of
     a bank’s sound development. We have been prioritizing risk control and assets quality in business operation and valuing
     real profit after filtering risk factors. In 2019, indicators for asset quality continued to improve. NPL ratio was 1.65%,
     the lowest over the last four years. The proportion of problematic loans was 3.87%, down by 0.26 percentage point from
     the end of the past year. The proportion of loans overdue for 90 days and 60 days in total NPLs were 75.8% and 84.4%,
     respectively, both demonstrating substantial drop from the end of the last year. Allowance coverage ratio was 175.25%, and
     the ratio of allowance for loan impairment losses to total loans was 2.90%, both the highest over the last five years. At the
     same time, we sped up the disposal of NPLs with the principle of NPLs disposed reaching RMB80.60 billion, the highest
     in history. We collected RMB17.16 billion of NPLs in cash, up by 30% year on year. We recovered RMB5.87 billion in
     written-off assets, 2.4 folds of the number of past year. The improvement of those indicators allows us to strike a better
     balance between risks and returns, achieving robust growth while effectively containing the risks.

     With improving asset quality, the profitability reached a new height. In 2019, our net operating income totaled
     RMB187.88 billion, a year-on-year increase of 13.3%. Net profit attributable to equity holders was RMB48.02 billion, up
     by 7.9%, the fasted growth over the last six years. The risk adjusted return on capital increased by 0.7 percentage point,
     and the stability and sustainability of profits further enhanced.

     Taking advantaged situation for faster development, stressing targeted measures and accelerating strategic investments

     We supported businesses in the real economy with targeted measures. We have been following the right approach of
     principles and interests and upholding our original aspiration of supporting the real economy. Over the past years, we
     have regarded “inclusive finance” as strategic importance, and implemented favored measures in performance evaluation
     and pricing so as to be the growing powering for small and micro-sized enterprises. We launched a self-service electronic
     discounted bill product “Xin Miao Tie” and realized full-process online processing. The annual transaction totaled
     RMB71.3 billion, making the product an effective high-quality tools to serve small and micro businesses. We established
     a centralized risk control model for inclusive finance integrating credit review, approval, extension and post-lending
     inspection. We used financial technology means to develop an automatic approval system and a smart risk warning system
     for loans to small and micro enterprises. As for inclusive loans we granted to small and micro businesses, NPL ratio was
     much lower than the industry average. In 2019, our inclusive financial loans increased by nearly 50% from the end of last
     year, about 40 percentage points faster than the growths of other types of loans and significantly above the CBIRC’s “two
     no-less-than and two control” target and in line with the highest assessment requirement of the PBOC on targeted RRR
     (Deposit Reserve Ratio) cut.

     Private enterprises are the most dynamic sector in the economy, and our important customers and partners. We introduced
     14 tailor-made measures to give financial support to the development of private enterprises, innovated business cooperation
     and risk control model in terms of policy support, procedure optimization and technology empowerment. Private
     enterprises with ready market, technologies, promising future and core competitiveness were our focus of support. We also
     helped many private enterprises facing temporary difficulties.

     We fully integrated into national development strategies. We are fully supportive of national development strategies and
     set up three working groups for the integrated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, the Yangtze Economic
     Belt and the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area respectively to implement regional development initiatives.
     Based on local geographic and business features, we set different business goals, support and management authority to
     local branches in an effort to support our country’s national initiatives. In 2019, the proportions of loan balance and
     expenses for branches of strategic importance and those in key areas reached 87.2% and 83.4% respectively, up by 0.4 and
     1.5 percentage points respectively from the past year. Leveraging on the favorable geographic conditions endowed by the
     development of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, overseas subsidiaries such as CNCBI and CNCB
     Investment continued to deepen synergy and cooperation with the Bank and CITIC Group. In 2019, cross-border RMB
     trade settlement recorded over RMB100 billion, and the total number of new bond underwriting projects increased by
     60%. Seizing the opportunities brought by the shift of growth engines and industrial upgrade, we stepped up support to
     key areas such as new infrastructure, mega consumption and mega health and voluntarily withdrew from low-quality and
     low-efficiency customers. The proportion of credit balance for these sectors we granted last year rose by 3.2 percentage
     points. Our credit structure became more closely associated with the trends of social and economic development. Acting
     upon the Belt and Road Initiative, the JSC Altyn Bank we acquired in Kazakhstan made new breakthrough. In 2019, it
     made net profit of KZT14.36 billion, up by 37.2%; its NPL ratio was 0.38%, the lowest among commercial banks in
     Kazakhstan; its allowance coverage ratio reached 472%; and it also became one of the banks with the highest credit rating
     in Kazakhstan.




12   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                           P r e s i d e n t ’s L e t t e r t o S h a r e h o l d e r s




We heavily invested in financial technology. On the overwhelming tides raised by internet, financial technology has
become the key to future competition. Since 2014 when we became one of the first banks to roll out “online loan”
products, we have been making efforts to harness information technologies to empower our business. From then on, we
initiated and founded CITIC aiBank with Baidu, developed an AI-driven platform “CITIC Brain”, and contributed to
the building of the block chain platform in Xiongan New Area. And we independently developed a distributed database
for financial services. Over the past years, our financial and manpower investment in financial technology has been setting
records. In 2019, our total inputs in technologies totaled close to RMB4.9 billion, a year-on-year increase of 36.8%,
marking the fifth consecutive year of a growth rate above 30%. Total technicians we employed were 3,182, a growth
of 56.2% year on year. Our transformation to a agile IT-powered organization basically finished. We are 50% faster in
financial technology research and development and capable of swiftly responding to market and front-line demands. We
made major breakthroughs in the basic technological framework as we launched the first cloud-based credit card system
based on an autonomous distributed database in the banking sector. We also put close to 94% of our basic IT frameworks
on the cloud. The power generated by the technological progress is spurring great changes in our business operation and
management. In 2019, our Suzhou finance sharing project was put into operation, enabling centralized management of
expense reimbursement in the whole bank. We launched a new performance management system and FTP pricing system,
substantially improved the management efficiency in the Head Office and branches. Our public operation center in
Hefei was put into use, making it possible to process hundreds of business applications at the back office. The speed of
handling corporate payment business was enhanced by 70%. We firmly believe that as long as we can harness the powerful
technology, CITIC Bank will have wings to take off.

Blazing new trail for long-term goals, discarding outdated institutions and building new ones, and advancing high-
quality development in full steam

Without long-term strategy, short-term achievement is impossible; and without full-scale consideration, single plan is
impractical. In the light of global banking sector, since I took office, I have been thinking over how to foster unique
competitiveness of CITIC Bank through advancing business transformation. I believe as long as we are courageous enough
to initiate revolution from inside and discard traditional ideas, mindsets and practices that are not suitable for high-quality
development, we can develop new ideas, models and technologies for sustainable business growth.

We accelerated institutional reform. We continued expediting institutional reform for innovation, placing equal
emphasis on encouraging innovation and tolerating mistakes in innovation, setting up annual innovation awards, major
innovation special awards and technological innovation awards, holding bimonthly meetings on innovation in branches,
and promoting primary-level micro-innovation to mobilize all employees across the Bank to participate in innovation. In
2019, we approved 11 innovative projects submitted by branches, and 34 innovative projects launched have generated
income of RMB1.73 billion. We continued advancing institutional reform for risk management, established the
principal responsible person mechanism for operation for credit approval, the principal responsible person mechanism
for management and the full-time approver mechanism, formulated identification measures for non-performing assets,
optimized the centralized operation mode of personal loans, developed the unified credit extension management plan for
subsidiaries, and promoted differentiated credit extension policies and authorization plans to control risks in business
increment, defuse existing risks and comprehensively enhance our capability for risk management. We continued to
improve the internal control and compliance system building. Aiming to build a “Safe CITIC Bank”, we carried out
the “413 Compliance Action”, formed a part-time compliance officer team and continuously strengthened the “Ten
Forbidding Acts” of employees. We improved accountability policies and refined the accountability system. We realized the
audit target of “coverage every three years” of domestic and overseas institutions, and our audit supervision continued to
produce a marked effect. We continued stress on market-oriented business operation, flexibly adjusted asset and liability
management strategies, developed policies and gave supports based on market situation. We set up mechanisms making
branches’ heads accountable for respective business targets and convening regular meetings of sub-branch heads, and
launched the platform that allows branch heads to evaluate Head Office departments and give suggestions, so as to pool
the wisdom of branches and sub-branches for sound decision-making and planning. We continued reform of the human
resources system and set up organizational structures for branches that are suitable for local conditions and strategic goals.
We deployed 67.4% of newly-recruited employees in branches of strategic importance. We implemented OKR evaluation
in departments, selected and cultivated officials through various channels, and expanded the scope of differentiated
remuneration to further energize the talent team.




                                                                                                                2019 Annual Report        13
     P r e s i d e n t ’s L e t t e r t o S h a r e h o l d e r s




     We pursued capital-saving development and nurtured our capability for light development. In the long run, bank
     capital will become scarcer. Striking an effective balance between business development and capital restriction is a major
     challenge we have to cope with. Last year, we took strict measures to control capital consumption. Our risk-weighted assets
     rose by 9.3%, lower than the growth rate of assets and loans. And the core tier-one capital adequacy ratio enjoyed steady
     growth. In the future, we will focus on capital-light development, accelerate transformation from a credit agency to
     a service agency, develop intermediary services as investment banking and agency sale in a faster speed, expand capital-
     light products such as transaction banking and asset custody services as our focuses, and provide customers with cross-
     market and cross-term services. We will work to transform from making interest margin to making on price margin
     by fostering our capability for asset circulation and investment trading. Based on changing the traditional business model
     of expanding business scale, we will improve mechanisms for credit asset circulation, and blaze new trail in stimulating the
     flow of re-possessed assets and equity investment. We will give full play to our role as a core maker on the foreign exchange
     and money markets to strengthen our market-making business and effectively make use of our existing assets. We will place
     equal stress on quality and efficiency and foster more effective management of capital. We will give more finance support
     to capital-light business, step up efforts to dispose low-efficient assets and recover written-off loans and fully explore the
     potential of off-balance sheet asset profit in replenishing capital.

     We advanced digital transformation and accelerated efforts to enable technological empowerment. As the society
     enters the digital age, it is an irreversible trend that bank customers and market move from the real world to the digital
     world. Digital transformation has become extremely urgent for banks. We must go all out to grab the “entrance ticket”
     to the digital competition age. We will speed up top-level design. We will arrange digital transformation from a high
     starting point and with high standards, formulate a transformation plan, increase training across the Bank, and cultivate
     a digital mindset for all employees, so as to excel in this banking transformation, stay abreast now and win in the future.
     We will accelerate digital marketing, explore the value of big data assets and enhance our marketing by means of big
     data technology. The AI-driven platform independently developed by us, “CITIC Brain”, integrates model development,
     training, arrangement and management and has been used to provide targeted financial services in sectors of corporate
     banking and retail banking. Just the function of real-time product recommendation brought in the sales of personal wealth
     management products of RMB160.0 billion in a year, and expanded the scale of assets under management by RMB41.0
     billion. We will apply digital technologies to decision making, build an agile and efficient data middle desk to improve
     analysis, evaluation and decision making in a scientific manner and shift from experience-based decision making to digital-
     technology-powered decision making. We are planning to build a data analysis team with 400 to 600 professionals to
     provide tailor-made strategies to improve the capability of front-line operators, employees at various management positions
     at various levels at front, middle and back office. We will endeavor to accelerate digital management, improve channel
     efficiency management, digital risk management, digital evaluation management and digital human resources management
     in the pursuit of overall refined management. Particularly in risk management, we will use big data to innovate credit
     approval and pricing, and realize automatic risk warning and online risk control so as to comprehensively enhance our
     ability to analyze and apply data in the whole process from decision making to execution and feedback.

     In 2020, the unexpected outbreak of COVID-19 epidemic brought different feeling to different people, but it made all
     of us witness the powerful energy brought by the solidarity of the whole nation in face of crisis. The year 2020 is the
     last year of the three year plan of CITIC Bank. A good harvest depends on the spring sowing. I believe the devotion
     and contribution of every one of us in CITIC Bank family will bear fruits and generate value to boost the growth of our
     company!




                                                                                                                    Fang Heying
                                                                                                      Executive Director, President
                                                                                                                  26 March 2020




14   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
Definitions

the reporting period                                          From 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019

the Bank/the Company/China CITIC                              China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
  Bank/CITIC Bank/CNCB

the Group                                                     China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited and its subsidiaries

Poly Group                                                    China Poly Group Corporation Limited

SASAC                                                         State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State
                                                              Council

Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank                                       Zhejiang Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank Limited

Hong Kong Listing Rules                                       The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on of The Stock Exchange of
                                                              Hong Kong Limited

Xinhu Zhongbao                                                Xinhu Zhongbao Co., Ltd.

CNCB Investment                                               CNCB (Hong Kong) Investment Co., Ltd. (formerly known as China
                                                              Investment and Finance Limited)

former CBRC                                                   former China Banking Regulatory Commission

China Tobacco                                                 China National Tobacco Corporation

CBIRC                                                         China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission

CSRC                                                          China Securities Regulatory Commission

CITIC aiBank                                                  CITIC aiBank Corporation Limited

CITIC Limited                                                 CITIC Limited (formerly known as CITIC Pacific Limited prior to renaming
                                                              in August 2014)

CIAM                                                          CITIC International Assets Management Limited

CIFH                                                          CITIC International Financial Holdings Limited

CITIC Group                                                   CITIC Group Corporation Limited (formerly known as CITIC Group
                                                              Corporation prior to renaming in December 2011)

CITIC Financial Leasing                                       CITIC Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.

CITIC Pacific                                                 CITIC Pacific Limited

CNCBI                                                         CITIC Bank International Limited (formerly known as CITIC Ka Wah
                                                              Bank Limited)

CITIC Corporation Limited                                     CITIC Corporation Limited (formerly known as CITIC Limited prior to
                                                              renaming in August 2014)

(Note:   The definitions are arranged in the alphabetic order of Mandarin Pin Yin)




                                                                                                                      2019 Annual Report   15
     Chapter 1 Corporate Introduction

        1.1 Corporate Information

      Registered Name in Chinese                  中信銀行股份有限公司 (abbreviated as “中信銀行”)
      Registered Name in English                  CHINA CITIC BANK CORPORATION LIMITED (abbreviated as “CNCB”)
      Legal Representative                        Li Qingping
      Authorized Representative                   Fang Heying, Zhang Qing
      Secretary to the Board of Directors         Zhang Qing
      Joint Company Secretaries                   Zhang Qing, Kam Mei Ha Wendy (FCS, FCIS)
      Securities Representative of the Company    Wang Junwei
      Registered Address                          No. 9 Chaoyangmen Beidajie, Dongcheng District, Beijing
      Postal Code of the Registered Address       100010
      Office Address                              No. 9 Chaoyangmen Beidajie, Dongcheng District, Beijing
      Office Postal Code                          100010
      Official Website                            www.citicbank.com
      Telephone Number/Fax Number for Investors   +86-10-85230010/+86-10-85230079
      Email Address for Investors                 ir@citicbank.com
      Customer Service and Complaint Telephone    95558
        Number
      Principal Place of Business in Hong Kong    Level 54 Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong
      Selected Media for Information Disclosure   China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Times
                                                  Website designated by the CSRC to publish A-share annual report: www.sse.com.cn
      Websites for Information Disclosure
                                                  Website designated by the SEHK to publish H-share annual report: www.hkexnews.hk
                                                  Office of the Board of Directors of CITIC Bank, No. 9 Chaoyangmen Beidajie,
      Place Where Annual Reports are Kept
                                                  Dongcheng District, Beijing
      Legal Adviser as to PRC Laws                East & Concord Partners
      Legal Adviser as to Hong Kong Laws          Clifford Chance LLP
                                                  PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP
      Domestic Auditor                            11/F, PricewaterhouseCoopers Center, No.2 Corporate Avenue, No. 202 Hubin
                                                  Road, Huangpu District, Shanghai (Postal code: 200021)
      Domestic Signing CPAs                       Zhu Yu and Li Yan
                                                  PricewaterhouseCoopers
      Overseas Auditor
                                                  22/F, Prince’s Building, Central, Hong Kong
      Overseas Signing CPA                        Chan Kwong Tak
      Sponsor 1 for Continuous Supervision and    CITIC Securities Co., Ltd.
        Guidance
                                                  23/F, CITIC Securities Mansion, No. 48 Liangmaqiaolu, Chaoyang District,
      Office Address
                                                  Beijing
      Signing Sponsor Representatives             Ma Xiaolong and Cheng Yue
                                                  From 19 March 2019 to 31 December 2020 (Where the convertible bonds
      Duration of Continuous Supervision and      are not fully converted to shares upon expiry of the duration of continuous
       Guidance                                   supervision and guidance, the duration shall be extended to the time of full
                                                  conversion of the convertible bonds)
      Sponsor 2 for Continuous Supervision and    China International Capital Corporation Limited (CICC)
        Guidance
      Office Address                              27-28/F, China World Office 2, No. 1 Jianguomen Waidajie, Beijing
      Signing Sponsor Representatives             Xu Jia and Shi Fang




16   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                           Chapter 1 Corporate Introduction




                                               From 19 March 2019 to 31 December 2020 (Where the convertible bonds
Duration of Continuous Supervision and         are not fully converted to shares upon expiry of the duration of continuous
 Guidance                                      supervision and guidance, the duration shall be extended to the time of full
                                               conversion of the convertible bonds)
                                               China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited Shanghai Branch
A-share Registrar                              3/F, China Insurance Building, No. 166 East Lujiazui Road, Pudong New Area,
                                               Shanghai
                                               Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
H-share Registrar                              Shops 1712-1716, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai,
                                               Hong Kong
                                               A-share: Ordinary share                Shanghai Stock Exchange
                                                        CNCB                          601998
                                                        Preference share              Shanghai Stock Exchange
                                                        CITIC Excellent 1             360025
                                                        Convertible                   Shanghai Stock Exchange
Listing Venue, Stock Name and Stock Code
                                                        corporate bonds
                                                        CITIC Convertible             113021
                                                        Bonds
                                               H-share: Ordinary shares               The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
                                                        CITIC Bank                    0998
                                               SSE A Share Index, SSE 180 Index, SSE Composite Index, Shanghai Shenzhen
Constituent Stock of Major Indexes             CSI 300 Index, CSI 100 Index, CSI 800 Index, Hang Seng China H-Financials
                                               Index
                                               Standard & Poor’s:
                                               (1) Long-term issuer credit rating: BBB+;
                                               (2) Short-term rating: A-2;
                                               (3) Long-term rating outlook: Stable.

                                               Moody’s:
                                               (1) Deposit rating: Baa2/P-2;
                                               (2) Baseline credit assessment: ba2;
Credit Ratings
                                               (3) Outlook: Stable.

                                               Fitch Ratings:
                                               (1) Default rating: BBB;
                                               (2) Support rating: 2;
                                               (3) Support rating floor: BBB;
                                               (4) Viability rating: b+;
                                               (5) Outlook: Stable.



  1.2 Contact Persons and Contact Details

                                 Secretary to the Board                          Securities Representative
                                 of Directors                                    of the Company
Name                             Zhang Qing                                      Wang Junwei
                                 No. 9 Chaoyangmen Beidajie,                     No. 9 Chaoyangmen Beidajie,
Address
                                 Dongcheng District, Beijing                     Dongcheng District, Beijing
Telephone                        +86-10-85230010                                 +86-10-85230010
Fax                              +86-10-85230079                                 +86-10-85230079
Email Address                    ir@citicbank.com                                ir@citicbank.com




                                                                                                                2019 Annual Report   17
     Chapter 1 Corporate Introduction




        1.3 Business Overview of the Company

     1.3.1 Main Business of the Company
     The Bank aspires to become a unique and responsible enterprise offering the best comprehensive financial services with
     dignity and a human touch. To attain this development vision, the Bank fully leverages on the unique competitive
     advantages of CITIC Group in placing financial and non-financial businesses on an equal footing, and at the same time
     holds firm to its “customer orientation” and adheres to the business concept of “safe CITIC Bank, compliant operation,
     science and technology for growth, serving the real economy, market orientation and value creation”. For corporate
     customers and institutional customers, the Bank offers integrated financial solutions in corporate banking business,
     international business, financial markets business, institutional banking business, investment banking business, factoring
     business and custody business. For individual customers, the Bank provides diversified financial products and services in
     retail banking, credit card, consumer finance, wealth management, private banking, going abroad finance and e-banking. As
     such, the Bank satisfies the needs of corporate, institutional and individual customers for comprehensive financial services
     on all fronts. For details about industries the Bank involved in and its business during the reporting period, please refer to
     Chapter 3 “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this report.

     1.3.2 Note on Material Changes in the Company’s Main Assets
     The Group’s main assets include loans and advances to customers, deposits and placements with, and loans to banks and
     non-bank institutions, financial assets held under resale agreements, financial investments, cash and deposits and placements
     with central banks. As at the end of the reporting period, these aforementioned assets took up 97.3% of the Group’s total
     assets, down by 0.6 percentage point over the end of the previous year. Please refer to Chapter 3 “Management Discussion
     and Analysis – Analysis of the Financial Statements” of this report for information on changes in the Group’s main assets.

     1.3.3 Core Competitiveness Analysis
     The Bank insisted upon coordinated development of profit, quality and scale, and continuously enhanced its core
     competitiveness, in a bid to become a unique and responsible enterprise offering the best comprehensive financial services
     with dignity and a human touch.

     Corporate governance and business operation were scientific, efficient and effective. The Bank has always adhered
     to market-oriented operation and constantly improved its corporate governance and business operation systems and
     mechanisms. The result was the formation of an organizational structure characterized by efficient management and
     professional division of duties. With reference to the theory and practice of modern bank development, in the light
     of requirements of Party building works, the Bank set up a corporate governance framework comprising the Board of
     Directors, the Board of Supervisors, the general meeting of shareholders, and the senior management effectively integrating
     the leadership of the Party into corporate governance. According to the principle of separating the front, middle and back
     offices, the Bank established a matrix management model with the Head Office departments as the lines and the branches
     and sub-branches as the arrays. The general meeting of shareholders, the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and
     the senior management functioned according to rules and performed duties effectively.

     Business grew in an all-round balanced manner. Embracing its traditional advantages and DNAs, the Bank developed a
     business structure with corporate banking as the main body and retail banking and financial markets businesses as the two
     wings, and gradually shifted towards the “Troika” structure. During the reporting period, the Bank achieved remarkable
     results in the transformation of its corporate banking business operation, and showed a momentum of overall improvement,
     with major operating indicators outperforming those in the prior year. The endogenous growth momentum of retail
     business was enhanced, with systematic development advantages emerged and value contribution continuously increased. In
     terms of financial market business, the Bank strengthened inter-sector collaboration, seized market opportunities, and hence
     achieved good operating results. During the reporting period, the Group obtained a more balanced profit structure and
     greater capacity for sustainable development.




18   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                          Chapter 1 Corporate Introduction




Risk prevention and control was scientific and effective. With the aim of establishing a risk management system that
strongly boosts development and effectively controls risks, the Bank continuously improved its risk management system
and mechanism, fostered the risk compliance culture, and made every effort to improve the professional level of risk
management. Meanwhile, the Bank improved the accountability system of “clarifying responsibilities, identifying
responsibilities, and holding accountable”, consolidated the responsibilities of the three lines of defense, and promoted the
establishment of a accountability mechanism that matches responsibilities, powers and interests, and integrates customer
operation and risk management. What’s more, the Bank pushed forward the implementation of the unified credit policy
system and strengthened the risk control over the credit business of subsidiaries. It deepened the differentiation of credit
policies and credit approval authorization, upgraded the credit business structure and improved the efficiency of resource
allocation. In addition, the Bank actively explored the application of financial technology, carried out intelligent risk
control projects, and thus effectively enhanced the accuracy and foresight of risk prevention and control.

Financial technology facilitated innovation. The Bank paid great attention to the innovation and application of financial
technology, input more resources into information technology infrastructure, and sped up efforts in attracting and
cultivating technological personnel. Guided by the notion of “science and technology for innovation and growth”, the Bank
made enthusiastic exploration and constant innovation in internet finance, digitization and smart transformation. Exerting
its technological advantages in innovation and self-research, the Bank improved its integrated financial service capabilities,
focused on independent research and development of cloud platform and ecosystem building, and developed financial
technology products with its own characteristics. Besides, by promoting the application of financial technology, the Bank
accelerated the digital transformation of retail banking, reshaped the retail business development model and sharpened its
core competitive edge.

Brand influence continued to escalate. After more than three decades’ development, the Bank has set up a network of
affiliates covering major large and medium-sized cities in the Chinese mainland, and established operations in London,
Sydney, Hong Kong SAR, Macau SAR, New York, Los Angeles, Singapore, Kazakhstan, etc. The Bank guided its brand
strategy with the motto of “building trust for long-term growth, incorporating smart services for boundless financing”.
With the provision of a full range of financial products and high-quality customer services, the Bank enjoyed a high
reputation and extensive influence at both domestic and overseas markets. In 2019, The Banker magazine of the United
Kingdom rated the Bank the 19th on its list of the “Top 500 Global Bank Brands”, and the 26th on its list of the “Top 1,000
World Banks” in terms of tier-one capital.




                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report     19
     Honors and Awards




                                    the Bank won the first place in the RMB Outlook Award of
                                    REFINITIV; and was granted the “Core Dealer in Interbank Local
                                    Currency Market”, “Innovation Award for Interbank Local Currency
                                    Market Trading Mechanism – X-Swap”, “Excellent Money Market
                                    Dealer in Interbank Local Currency Market” and “Excellent Derivatives   the Bank was awarded the “Custodian Bank
                                    Market Dealer in Interbank Local Currency Market” by National           of the Year in China”, “the Best Blockchain
                                    Interbank Funding Center; the “Best Spot Matchmaking Institution        Initiative, Application or Programme” and
      the Bank was granted “Gold    Award”, “Best Spot Market Making Institution Award”, “Most Popular      the “The Financial Market Technology
      Industry Service Award” and   Spot Matchmaking Institution Award” and “Most Popular Spot              Implementation of the Year-Interbank
      “Market Progress Award” by    Market Making Institution Award” by China Foreign Exchange Trade        Financial Service Platform Implementation”
      Shanghai Futures Exchange.    System; the “Special Information Disclosure and Valuation Award” by     by The Asian Banker.
                                    the Banking Credit Assets Registration and Circulation Center; and
                                    the “Excellent UnionPay Card Innovation Cooperation Award” by
                                    UnionPay International.




     2019                                   February                                  April                                   June

                        January                                  March                                      May


                        the Bank ranked 19th among                                                                            the Bank was awarded
                        the “Top 500 Global Bank              the Bank was granted the “Excellent International Business      “Excellent Member
                        Brands” published by The              Member”, “Inquiry Market Liquidity Contribution Award”,         Institution”, “Excellent
                        Banker magazine of the United         “Best Market Maker in Interbank Inquiry Market” and the         Discounting Institution”
                        Kingdom.                              second prize of “Excellent Financial Member” by Shanghai        and “Best Service Award” by
                                                              Futures Exchange; the “Best Depository Bank Award” by           Shanghai Commercial Paper
                                                              Shanghai Gold Exchange; and the “Excellent Foreign Exchange     Exchange Corporation Ltd.
                                                              Self-operated Clearing Award”, “Excellent Settlement
                                                              Member” and “Excellent Clearing Member” by Shanghai
                                                              Clearing House.




20   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
the Bank ranked 26th on The Banker
magazine of the United Kingdom’s                                             the Bank won the honor of “2019 Top 100 Financial Services” by the website
list of the “Top 1,000 World Banks”                                          ce.cn. The Bank’s online banking and outlet services were named “Pioneers of
in terms of tier-one capital. Besides,                                       Enterprise Standards” by National Internet Finance Association of China. In
                                            the Bank was awarded the “Best   the 14th People’s Corporate Social Responsibility Award selection organized
the Bank was recognized as the
                                            Automotive Financial Service     by the website people.cn, the Bank won the “Green Development Award”.
“2019 Gold Brand Retail Bank” by
                                            Bank” by the 21st Century        What’s more, the Bank’s designated poverty alleviation program in Xietongmen
Financial Money, and won the “Gamma
                                            Business Herald and the “Gold    County of Tibet was awarded the “2019 Excellent Case of Precision Poverty
Award for Credit Card” by Securities
                                            Award for Brand Marketing”       Alleviation in China” in the 21th Century Financial Competitiveness Selection.
Times and “Award for Project with
                                            by the Advertiser magazine.      The Bank was also named the “2019 Brand Impact Bank” in the 17th China’s
Best Productivity, Efficiency and
Automation of China” by The Asian                                            Financial Annual Champion Awards.
Banker.




                                          August                                 October                                December

                       July                                September                                November

                                                     the Bank’s Going Abroad Financial            the Bank was listed among the “Top 10 of New Media
                                                     Ecosystem platform won the “2019             Influence of China’s Banking Industry”. Besides, it
                                                     People’s Craftsmanship Product Award” by     received the “Private Bank Value-added Service of the
              the Bank was listed as the “Favorite   the website people.cn. Besides, the Bank     Year” and named as the “Most Improved Private Bank in
              Employer among Chinese College         was recognized as the “2019 Excellent        China” by The Asian Banker, and was recognized as the
              Students” by the website 51job.        Supply Chain Finance Innovation Bank”        “2019 Brand Building Bank” by China Times, the “2019
              com, and assessed as “Class A in the   by The Economic Observer and the “Best       Most Valuable Investment Company” and “2019 Best
              2018-2019 Information Disclosure       International Business Service Innovation    Wealth Management Bank” by China Investment Network,
              Assessment” by Shanghai Stock          Bank” by CBN.                                and the “2019 Excellent Competitive Retail Bank” by
              Exchange.                                                                           China Business Journal.




                                                                                                                                   2019 Annual Report         21
     Chapter 2 Financial Highlights

         2.1 Operating Performance

                                                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                                               Growth
       Item                                                                               2019                         2018                   rate (%)                  2017
       Operating income                                                              187,881                      165,766                           13.34            157,231
       Profit before tax                                                              56,545                       54,326                            4.08             52,276
       Net profit attributable to the equity
         holders of the Bank                                                           48,015                       44,513                           7.87             42,566
       Net cash flow from/(used in) operating
         activities                                                                  116,969                      102,316                           14.32             54,074
       Per share
       Basic earnings per share (RMB)                                                      0.95                         0.88                         7.95               0.84
       Diluted earnings per share (RMB)                                                    0.89                         0.88                         1.14               0.84
       Net cash flow from/(used in) operating
         activities per share (RMB)                                                        2.39                         2.09                        14.35               1.11

                                                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                            2019
       Item                                                                     1st Quarter                2nd Quarter                  3rd Quarter              4th Quarter
       Operating income                                                                47,417                      45,775                          49,081             45,608
       Net profit attributable to the equity
        holders of the Bank                                                            13,216                      15,091                          12,445              7,263
       Net cash flow from/(used in) operating
        activities                                                                      (8,434)                    16,981                          32,160             76,262



         2.2 Profitability Indicators

                                                                                                                                            Increase/
                                                                                                                                        (decrease) in
                                                                                                                                          percentage
       Item                                                                               2019                         2018                    point                    2017
       Return on average assets (ROAA) (1)                                             0.76%                        0.77%                           (0.01)            0.74%
       Return on average equity (ROAE) (2)                                            11.06%                       11.36%                           (0.30)           11.63%
       Cost-to-income ratio (excluding tax and
         surcharges) (3)                                                              27.84%                       30.71%                           (2.87)           30.05%
       Credit cost (4)                                                                 1.79%                        1.40%                            0.39             1.64%
       Net interest spread (5)                                                         2.04%                        2.00%                            0.04             1.87%
       Net interest margin (6)                                                         2.12%                        2.09%                            0.03             2.03%

     Notes: (1) Return on average assets (ROAA) = net profit/the average of the balances of total assets at the beginning and end of the period.
             (2) Return on average equity (ROAE) = net profit attributable to the ordinary shareholders of the Bank/the average of total beginning and ending equity
                  attributable to the ordinary shareholders of the Bank.
             (3) Cost-to-income ratio = (operating expenses – tax and surcharges)/operating income.
             (4) Credit cost = current-year accruals of allowance for impairment losses on loans and advances to customers/average balance of loans and advances to customers.
             (5) Net interest spread = average yield on total interest-earning assets – average cost rate of total interest-bearing liabilities.
             (6) Net interest margin = net interest income/average balance of total interest-earning assets.
             (7) Since 2019, the Group reclassified the installment cash income of credit cards from fee income to interest income, and the net interest spread and net interest
                  margin of 2018 and 2017 have been restated.




22   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                                          Chapter 2 Financial Highlights




    2.3 Scale Indicators

                                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB million
                                                                    31 December                 31 December                 Growth rate            31 December
  Item                                                                     2019                        2018                        (%)                    2017
  Total assets                                                           6,750,433                  6,066,714                        11.27              5,677,691
  Total loans and advances to
    customers (1)                                                        3,997,987                  3,608,412                        10.80              3,196,887
    – Corporate loans                                                    1,955,519                  1,881,125                         3.95              1,857,847
    – Discounted bills                                                     311,654                    242,797                        28.36                107,456
    – Personal loans                                                     1,730,814                  1,484,490                        16.59              1,231,584
  Total liabilities                                                      6,217,909                  5,613,628                        10.76              5,265,258
  Total deposits from customers (1)                                      4,038,820                  3,616,423                        11.68              3,407,636
    – Corporate demand deposits (2)                                      1,674,923                  1,521,684                        10.07              1,651,180
    – Corporate time and call deposits                                   1,485,727                  1,382,230                         7.49              1,223,018
    – Personal demand deposits                                             275,526                    262,960                         4.78                234,961
    – Personal time and call deposits                                      602,644                    449,549                        34.06                298,477
  Deposits from banks and non-bank
    financial institutions                                                 951,122                     782,264                       21.59               798,007
  Placements from banks and non-bank
    financial institutions                                                   92,539                    115,358                      (19.78)                77,595
  Total equity attributable to the equity
    holders of the Bank                                                    517,311                     436,661                       18.47               399,638
  Net asset per share attributable to the
    equity holders of the Bank (RMB)                                           10.57                        8.92                     18.50                    8.17
  Net asset per share attributable to the
    ordinary shareholders of the Bank
    (RMB)                                                                        9.04                       8.21                     10.11                    7.45

Notes: (1) As per the Notice on Amending and Issuing the Formats of Financial Statements for Financial Enterprises for 2018 (Finance and Accounting [2018] No.36)
            issued by the Ministry of Finance, the interest of a financial instrument accrued according to the effective interest method should be included in the book
            balance of the corresponding financial instrument and reflected in relevant items of the balance sheet. The Group has prepared the financial statements
            according to requirements in the above notice since 2018. For the convenience of analysis, “total loans and advances to customers” and “total deposits from
            customers” do not include relevant interest.
        (2) Corporate demand deposits included demand deposits from corporate customers and outward remittance and remittance payables of corporate customers.




    2.4 Asset Quality Indicator

                                                                                                                            Increase/
                                                                                                                        (decrease) in
                                                                                                                          percentage
                                                      31 December 2019                  31 December 2018                       point        31 December 2017
                                                    Regulatory      Actual             Regulatory      Actual                 Actual       Regulatory      Actual
  Item                                                 value (4)     Value                  value       Value                  Value            value       Value
  NPL ratio (1)                                               –     1.65%                       –      1.77%                   (0.12)               –      1.68%
  Allowance coverage ratio (2)                         ≥140%      175.25%                 ≥140%      157.98%                   17.27          ≥150%      169.44%
  Allowance for loan impairment losses
     to total loans (3)                                    ≥2.1%          2.90%             ≥2.1%            2.80%              0.10            ≥2.5%        2.84%


Note:   (1) NPL ratio = balance of NPLs/total loans and advances to customers.
        (2) Allowance coverage ratio = balance of allowance for impairment losses on loans and advances to customers (excluding allowance for impairment losses on
            accrued interest)/balance of NPLs.
        (3) The ratio of allowance for loan impairment losses to total loans = balance of allowance for impairment losses on loans and advances to customers (excluding
            allowance for impairment losses on accrued interest)/total loans and advances to customers.
        (4) According to the former CBRC’s Notice on the Regulatory Requirements on Adjusting Allowances for Loan Impairment Losses of Commercial Banks (CBRC
            Issue [2018] No.7), the regulatory policy of differentiated dynamic adjustment of allowances was practiced for joint-stock banks.


                                                                                                                                                2019 Annual Report        23
     Chapter 2 Financial Highlights




         2.5 Other Main Regulatory Indicators

                                                                                                                                       Increase/
                                                                                                                                      (decrease)
                                                                    Regulatory 31 December                  31 December           in percentage         31 December
       Item (1)                                                          value        2019                         2018                  points                2017
       Capital adequacy profile
       Core tier-one capital adequacy ratio                            ≥7.50%                 8.69%                  8.62%                    0.07               8.49%
       Tier-one capital adequacy ratio                                 ≥8.50%                10.20%                  9.43%                    0.77               9.34%
       Capital adequacy ratio                                         ≥10.50%                12.44%                 12.47%                   (0.03)             11.65%
       Leverage profile
       Leverage ratio                                                        ≥4%               6.71%                 6.37%                    0.34                6.18%
       Liquidity risk profile
       Liquidity coverage ratio (2)                                      ≥100%               149.27%              114.33%                    34.94              97.98%
       Liquidity ratio
       Including: Renminbi                                                 ≥25%              63.88%                 50.80%                   13.08              45.29%
                  Foreign currencies                                       ≥25%              60.51%                 59.85%                    0.66              84.11%

     Notes: (1) The figures in the table were calculated in accordance with the regulatory standards of the Chinese banking industry. Except for the liquidity coverage ratio
                  which was data of the Bank, all other indicators were data of the Group.
             (2) As per the requirements of the Measures on Liquidity Risk Management of Commercial Banks (CBIRC Decree [2018] No. 3), the liquidity coverage ratio of
                  commercial banks should reach 100% by the end of 2018.




         2.6 Differences between IFRS and PRC Accounting Standards

     There is no difference between the 2019 year-end net assets and the net profit of the Group for the year of 2019 calculated
     according to the PRC Accounting Standards and those calculated as per the International Financial Reporting Standards
     (IFRS).




24   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                                        Chapter 2 Financial Highlights




    2.7 Five-Year Financial Summary

                                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB million
 Item                                                                2019                  2018                   2017                  2016                  2015
 Operating performance
 Operating income                                               187,881                165,766               157,231                154,159               145,545
 Profit before tax                                               56,545                 54,326                52,276                 54,608                54,986
 Net profit attributable to the equity
   holders of the Bank                                            48,015                 44,513                42,566                41,629                 41,158
 Net cash flow from/(used in) operating
   activities                                                   116,969                102,316                 54,074               218,811                (20,835)
 Per share
 Basic earnings per share (RMB)                                      0.95                   0.88                  0.84                   0.85                  0.88
 Diluted earnings per share (RMB)                                    0.89                   0.88                  0.84                   0.85                  0.88
 Net cash ﬂow from/(used in) operating
   activities per share (RMB)                                        2.39                   2.09                  1.11                   4.47                 (0.43)
 Scale indicators
 Total assets                                                  6,750,433            6,066,714              5,677,691             5,931,050             5,122,292
 Total loans and advances to customers                         3,997,987            3,608,412              3,196,887             2,877,927             2,528,780
 Total liabilities                                             6,217,909            5,613,628              5,265,258             5,546,554             4,802,606
 Total deposits from customers                                 4,038,820            3,616,423              3,407,636             3,639,290             3,182,775
 Total equity attributable to the equity
   holders of the Bank                                          517,311                436,661               399,638                379,224               317,740
 Net asset per share attributable to the
   equity holders of the Bank (RMB)                                 10.57                   8.92                  8.17                   7.75                  6.49
 Net asset per share attributable to the
   ordinary shareholders of the Bank
   (RMB)                                                             9.04                   8.21                  7.45                   7.04                  6.49
 Profitability indicators
 Return on average assets (ROAA)                                  0.76%                 0.77%                  0.74%                 0.76%                  0.90%
 Return on average equity (ROAE)                                 11.06%                11.36%                 11.63%                12.58%                 14.26%
 Cost-to-income ratio (excluding tax and
   surcharges)                                                   27.84%                30.71%                 30.05%                27.75%                 27.87%
 Credit cost                                                      1.79%                 1.40%                  1.64%                 1.67%                  1.51%
 Net interest spread (note)                                       2.04%                 2.00%                  1.87%                 1.89%                  2.13%
 Net interest margin (note)                                       2.12%                 2.09%                  2.03%                 2.00%                  2.31%
 Asset quality indicators
 NPL ratio                                                       1.65%                  1.77%                 1.68%                 1.69%                  1.43%
 Allowance coverage ratio                                      175.25%                157.98%               169.44%               155.50%                167.81%
 The ratio of allowance for loan
   impairment losses to total loans                               2.90%                  2.80%                  2.84%                 2.62%                 2.39%
 Capital adequacy ratio
 Core tier-one capital adequacy ratio                             8.69%                 8.62%                  8.49%                 8.64%                  9.12%
 Tier-one capital adequacy ratio                                 10.20%                 9.43%                  9.34%                 9.65%                  9.17%
 Capital adequacy ratio                                          12.44%                12.47%                 11.65%                11.98%                 11.87%

Note:   As of 1 January 2019, the Group reclassified the installment cash income of credit cards from fee income to interest income, and the net interest spread and net
        interest margin of 2018 and 2017 have been restated.




                                                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report            25
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis

        3.1 O verview of the External Macro Environment and the Bank’s
             Operating Results

     3.1.1 Economic, Financial and Regulatory Environments
     In 2019, international and domestic economic and financial environment witnessed profound changes with decelerated
     global economic growth rate, insufficient growth impetus and uncertainties brought by trade frictions and geopolitics
     dragging down the growth. Developed economies trended towards “low growth, low inflation and low interest rate”, while
     emerging economies showed relatively divergent economic performances. However, the overall picture was subdued. Central
     banks around the world followed suit to roll out interest rate cuts, and the global financial vulnerabilities continued to
     accumulate, leading to increasing risk aversion sentiments in the financial market.

     The Chinese economy deepened its supply-side structural reform with major macroeconomic indicators kept within a
     reasonable range. Overall, the economy performed steadily and structural adjustments made solid progress. Investment
     growth slowed down while tending to be stabilized; consumption and employment stayed stable; and structural
     characteristics of price increase were obvious. Over the course of 2019, in year-on-year term, China’s gross domestic
     product (GDP) grew by 6.1%; value-added of industrial enterprises above the designated size increased by 5.7%;
     consumer price index (CPI) rose by 2.9%; industrial producer price index went down by 0.3%; national urban surveyed
     unemployment rate remained within 5% to 5.3%; and profits of industrial enterprises above the designated size reached
     RMB6,199.55 billion. At the same time, the economy faced rising downward pressure accompanied by mounting risks
     and challenges facing the domestic economic performance, more prudent production and investment of enterprises, tepid
     increase in investment in manufacturing industry and private investment, suppressed export growth due to weakening
     external demand and to-be-enhanced endogenous incentive for economic growth.

     In accordance with the requirements of the CPC (Communist Party of China) Central Committee and the State Council,
     and with a commitment to the general principle of pursuing progress while ensuring stability and the new development
     philosophy, the Chinese financial regulators took substantive steps to ensure stable employment, a stable financial sector,
     stable foreign trade, stable foreign investment, stable domestic investment, and stable expectations. They stood firm to
     strengthen countercyclical adjustments and forestall and defuse risks while promoting quality development, effectively
     dealing with the short-term downward pressure of the economy. The People’s Bank of China (PBOC) continued the
     prudent monetary policy instead of resorting to a deluge of strong stimulus policies, improved the two-pillar framework of
     monetary and macro-prudential policies, formation of loan prime rate (LPR) of commercial banks as well as the monetary-
     policy transmission mechanism, and promoted the merging of market rates and lending benchmark rates, to make more
     efficient allocation of financial resources. The CBIRC continued to maintain the strict supervision and rectification over
     market, and released documents such as the Measures for the Disclosure of Information on Net Stable Funding Ratio by
     Commercial Banks, the Notice on Implementation of “Consolidating the Achievements of Disorder Rectification and Promoting
     Compliance Building” and the Guiding Opinions on Enhancing the Building of Working Systems and Mechanisms for Protection
     of Consumer Rights and Interests of Banking and Insurance Institutions, putting forward higher requirements on liquidity
     management, compliance and internal control management and consumer protection of commercial banks. Thanks to
     the guiding effect of all these policies, structural adjustments in the financial sector produced positive outcomes, while
     monetary credits and aggregate financing to the real economy (AFRE) both maintained a reasonable growth rate. As
     at the end of 2019, the balance of broad money (M2), the balance of Renminbi loans and the stock of AFRE stood at
     RMB198.65 trillion, RMB153.11 trillion, and RMB251.31 trillion, growing by 8.7%, 12.3% and 10.7% over the end of
     the previous year, respectively.




26   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                    Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




3.1.2 Overview of the Bank’s Operating Results
The reporting period witnessed profound changes in both domestic and overseas economic environments. In response, the
Bank earnestly implemented its 2018-2020 development plan, maintained its strategic focus, continued to return to the
basics of financial services, and drove deeper in transformation and development. As a result, the Bank achieved a sound
momentum of development in all businesses and further enhanced management efficiency and effectiveness.

Operating strength enjoyed steady improvement. During the reporting period, the Group steadily improved its operating
results, realizing RMB48.015 billion net profit attributable to its equity holders, a growth of 7.87% over last year; and
its operating income registered RMB187.881 billion, up by 13.34% from last year. Asset quality of the Group improved
substantially. NPL ratio of the Group was 1.65%, a drop of 0.12 percentage point from the end of the previous year;
and allowance coverage ratio and the ratio of allowance for loan impairment losses to total loans stood at 175.25% and
2.90%, up by 17.27 percentage points and 0.10 percentage point from the end of the previous year, respectively. The
Group’s assets continued to grow at a reasonable pace. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s total assets
reached RMB6.7504 trillion, a growth of RMB683.7 billion or 11.27% over the end of the previous year; its total loans
to customers were close to RMB4 trillion, up by 10.80% from the end of the previous year; and its total deposits from
customers recorded RMB4.04 trillion, up by 11.68% from the end of last year.

Business structure enjoyed ongoing upgrading. During the reporting period, the Bank enhanced the integrated operation
of its corporate banking business. As at the end of the reporting period, net operating income from the Bank’s corporate
banking business recorded RMB88.420 billion, total deposits from corporate customers exceeded RMB3 trillion, and the
number of corporate customers increased by 112,900. Retail banking of the Bank deepened its transformation effort, with
non-interest income recording RMB38.780 billion, accounting for 66.75% of the Bank’s total, 10.01 percentage points
higher than the share of previous year. Assets under management of retail banking business of the Bank exceeded RMB2
trillion, and personal deposits were more than RMB700 billion, representing a growth of over RMB150 billion in the
second consecutive year. The value contribution of retail business to the Bank was further increased as endogenous growth
divers were strengthened and advantages of systematic development emerged. The financial markets business upheld the
“asset light, capital light and cost light” development strategy, realizing a net operating income of RMB18.110 billion.
Particularly, net non-interest income stood at RMB11.100 billion, up by 32.44% over the previous year, accounting for
19.11% of the Bank’s total non-interest income.

Featured development progressed in an orderly manner. The Bank further consolidated the advantages of featured
businesses. In particular, the Head Office established the Transaction Banking Department to vigorously develop the
transaction banking business; auto finance business continued to lead the peers; investment banking business made
continuous efforts in promoting innovative products, realizing relatively rapid growth; and going abroad finance business
served accumulatively more than 22 million customers going broad. The Bank won the bid for the custodianship of the
occupational annuity plans of the central state organs and institutions and 25 provincial-level administrative regions, and
obtained key qualifications and accounts in the fields of public finance, social security, tobacco, housing and urban-rural
development, medical insurance, etc., which represented wider recognition of the Bank as a government financial service
brand. The Bank also promoted business synergy with the subsidiaries of CITIC Group and its own subsidiaries. During
the reporting period, the Bank financed 557 projects amounting to RMB640 billion in cooperation with associates in
financial sector within the CITIC Group including CITIC Securities, China Securities, CITIC Trust and CITIC Capital,
effectively supporting the development of real economy. CITIC aiBank achieved its periodic objective in its strategy
implementation and made profit for the first time.




                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report    27
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




         3.2 Analysis of the Financial Statements

     3.2.1 Income Statement Analysis
     During the reporting period, the Group realized RMB48.015 billion net profit attributable to the equity holders of the
     Bank, up by 7.87% from last year. The table below sets out the changes in the main items of the Group’s income statement
     during the reporting period.

                                                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                                        Increase/
      Item                                                                                      2019                   2018            (decrease)         Growth (%)
      Operating income                                                                      187,881                165,766                22,115                  13.34
        – Net interest income (Note)                                                        127,271                112,912                14,359                  12.72
        – Net non-interest income (Note)                                                     60,610                 52,854                 7,756                  14.67
      Operating expenses                                                                    (54,168)               (52,600)               (1,568)                  2.98
      Credit and other asset impairment losses                                              (77,255)               (58,233)              (19,022)                 32.67
      Profit before tax                                                                      56,545                 54,326                 2,219                   4.08
      Income tax                                                                             (7,551)                (8,950)                1,399                 (15.63)
      Profit for the year                                                                    48,994                 45,376                 3,618                   7.97
      Including: Net profit attributable to the equity
                    holders of the Bank                                                       48,015                44,513                  3,502                   7.87

     Notes:   Since 2019, the Group reclassified the installment cash income of credit cards from fee income to interest income. Financial indicators related to net interest
              income and net non-interest income were restated.



     3.2.1.1 Operating Income
     During the reporting period, the Group realized operating income of RMB187.881 billion, up by 13.34% over last year,
     of which net interest income accounted for 67.7%, down by 0.4 percentage point year on year; net non-interest income
     accounted for 32.3%, up by 0.4 percentage point year on year.

      Item                                                                                                                   2019 (%)                        2018 (%)
      Net interest income                                                                                                          67.7                             68.1
      Net non-interest income                                                                                                      32.3                             31.9
      Total                                                                                                                       100.0                            100.0




28   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                             Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




3.2.1.2 Net Interest Income
During the reporting period, the Group realized RMB127.271 billion of net interest income, an increase of RMB14.359
billion or 12.72% on a year-on-year basis. The increase of net interest income mainly came as the result of the growth in
interest-earning assets.

The table below sets out the average balances and average interest rates of the Group’s interest-earning assets and interest-
bearing liabilities. Average balances of assets and liabilities are average daily balances.

                                                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB million
                                                                                  2019                                                         2018
                                                                                                         Average                                                 Average
                                                              Average                                  yield/cost               Average                        yield/cost
  Item                                                        balance               Interest            rate (%)                balance         Interest        rate (%)
  Interest-earning assets
  Loans and advances to customers                          3,834,467               194,891                    5.08           3,405,578          173,748             5.10
  Financial investments (1)                                1,433,945                58,838                    4.10           1,142,526           49,474             4.33
  Deposits with central banks                                383,828                 5,949                    1.55             456,515            7,049             1.54
  Deposits and placements with, and
     loans to banks and non-bank
     financial institutions                                  311,352                  8,067                   2.59             353,672           10,675             3.02
  Financial assets held under resale
     agreements                                                35,400                    753                  2.13               38,077               987           2.59
  Subtotal                                                 5,998,992               268,498                    4.48           5,396,368          241,933             4.48
  Interest-bearing liabilities
  Deposits from customers                                  3,856,859                 80,272                   2.08           3,526,276           66,254             1.88
  Deposits and placements from banks
     and non-bank financial institutions                   1,015,957                 28,391                   2.79             842,701           29,778             3.53
  Debt securities issued                                     583,813                 22,186                   3.80             496,358           22,416             4.52
  Borrowings from central banks                              243,402                  8,118                   3.34             271,306            8,937             3.29
  Financial assets sold under repurchase
     agreements                                                70,106                 1,679                   2.39               57,115           1,623             2.84
  Others                                                       10,514                   581                   5.53                  496              13             2.62
  Subtotal                                                 5,780,651               141,227                    2.44           5,194,252          129,021             2.48
  Net interest income                                                              127,271                                                      112,912
  Net interest spread (2)                                                                                     2.04                                                  2.00
  Net interest margin (3)                                                                                     2.12                                                  2.09

Notes: (1) Financial investments included financial investments measured at amortized cost and financial investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive
             income.
         (2) Net interest spread = average yield of total interest-earning assets – average cost rate of total interest-bearing liabilities.
         (3) Net interest margin = net interest income/average balance of total interest-earning assets.




                                                                                                                                                      2019 Annual Report    29
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     The table below sets out the changes in the Group’s net interest income resulting from changes in the scale and interest
     rate factors.

                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB million
                                                                                        2019 compared with 2018
                                                                                                       Interest
      Item                                                                    Scale factor          rate factor              Total
      Assets
      Loans and advances to customers                                              21,873                 (730)            21,143
      Financial investments                                                        12,618               (3,254)             9,364
      Deposits with central banks                                                  (1,119)                  19             (1,100)
      Deposits and placements with, and loans to banks and non-
        bank financial institutions                                                (1,278)              (1,330)            (2,608)
      Financial assets held under resale agreements                                   (69)                (165)              (234)
      Changes in interest income                                                   32,025               (5,460)            26,565
      Liabilities
      Deposits from customers                                                        6,215               7,803             14,018
      Deposits and placements from banks and non-bank financial
        institutions                                                                6,116               (7,503)            (1,387)
      Debt certificates issued                                                      3,953               (4,183)              (230)
      Borrowings from central banks                                                  (918)                  99               (819)
      Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                               369                 (313)                56
      Others                                                                          262                  306                568
      Changes in interest expense                                                  15,997               (3,791)            12,206
      Changes in net interest income                                               16,028               (1,669)            14,359


     Net Interest Margin and Net Interest Spread
     During the reporting period, the Group’s net interest margin and net interest spread registered 2.12% and 2.04%
     respectively, representing an increase of 0.03 percentage point and 0.04 percentage point year on year. The Group’s yield
     of total interest-earning assets was 4.48%, the same as last year; the cost rate of interest-bearing liabilities was 2.44%, down
     by 0.04 percentage point over last year.

     3.2.1.3 Interest Income
     During the reporting period, the Group realized an interest income of RMB268.498 billion, an increase of RMB26.565
     billion or 10.98% over last year, mainly due to the growth in the size of interest-earning assets, constant improvement of
     asset structure and enhanced pricing management. Interest income from loans and advances to customers was the main
     component of interest income.

     Interest Income from Loans and Advances to Customers
     During the reporting period, the Group recorded RMB194.891 billion interest income from loans and advances to
     customers, a growth of RMB21.143 billion or 12.17% year on year, primarily because of the increase in loans and advances
     to customers.




30   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                    Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




Classification by Maturity Structure

                                                                                                         Unit: RMB million
                                                   2019                                          2018
                                     Average        Interest        Average        Average         Interest        Average
 Item                                balance        income        yield (%)        balance         income        yield (%)
 Short-term loans                  1,435,503         73,365            5.11      1,199,731         62,662            5.22
 Medium to long-term loans         2,398,964        121,526            5.07      2,205,847        111,086            5.04
 Total                             3,834,467        194,891            5.08      3,405,578        173,748            5.10


Classification by Business

                                                                                                         Unit: RMB million
                                                   2019                                          2018
                                     Average        Interest        Average        Average         Interest        Average
 Item                                balance        income        yield (%)        balance         income        yield (%)
 Corporate loans                   1,945,350        101,049            5.19      1,886,203         95,562            5.07
 Personal loans                    1,624,870         84,748            5.22      1,341,796         69,541            5.18
 Discounted loans                    264,247          9,094            3.44        177,579          8,645            4.87
 Total                             3,834,467        194,891            5.08      3,405,578        173,748            5.10


Interest Income from Financial Investments
During the reporting period, the Group’s interest income from financial investments amounted to RMB58.838 billion, an
increase of RMB9.364 billion or 18.93% year on year, mainly as a result of the Group’s improvement of asset structure by
increasing the size of bond investment.

Interest Income from Deposits with Central Banks
During the reporting period, the Group’s interest income from deposits with central banks stood at RMB5.949 billion, a
drop of RMB1.1 billion or 15.61% from last year, mainly due to a decrease in deposits with central banks as a result of the
central bank’s downward adjustment of the Renminbi required reserve ratio.

Interest Income from Deposits and Placements with, and Loans to Banks and Non-bank Financial
Institutions
During the reporting period, the Group’s interest income from deposits and placements with, and loans to banks and
non-bank financial institutions was RMB8.067 billion, a decrease of RMB2.608 billion or 24.43% from last year, mainly
because of a decrease in the proportion of interbank assets of the Group due to the downward movement of interest rates.

Interest Income from Financial Assets Held under Resale Agreements
During the reporting period, the Group recorded RMB753 million interest income from financial assets held under resale
agreements, a decrease of RMB234 million or 23.71% from last year, mainly because the average yield of such financial
assets went down due to the downward movement of interest rates.




                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report    31
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     3.2.1.4 Interest Expense
     During the reporting period, the Group’s interest expense was RMB141.227 billion, an increase of RMB12.206 billion or
     9.46% over last year. Interest expense increased primarily because the growth in the size of interest-bearing liabilities.

     Interest Expense on Deposits from Customers
     During the reporting period, the Group’s interest expense on deposits from customers was RMB80.272 billion, an increase
     of RMB14.018 billion or 21.16% over last year, mainly due to an increase in deposits from customers and the rising cost
     rate of customer deposits as a result of fierce competition.

                                                                                                              Unit: RMB million
                                                        2019                                          2018
                                                                         Average                                        Average
                                            Average      Interest       cost rate       Average         Interest       cost rate
      Item                                  balance      expense             (%)        balance         expense             (%)
      Corporate deposits
        Time and call deposits          1,494,220         45,357            3.04      1,389,757         40,952             2.95
        Demand deposits                 1,565,110         16,637            1.06      1,505,852         13,408             0.89
      Subtotal                          3,059,330         61,994            2.03      2,895,609         54,360             1.88
      Personal deposits
        Time and call deposits           537,023          17,481            3.26        386,994         11,201             2.89
        Demand deposits                  260,506             797            0.31        243,673            693             0.28
      Subtotal                           797,529          18,278            2.29        630,667         11,894             1.89
      Total                             3,856,859         80,272            2.08      3,526,276         66,254             1.88


     Interest Expense on Deposits and Placements from Banks and Non-Bank Financial Institutions
     During the reporting period, the Group’s interest expense on deposits and placements from banks and non-bank financial
     institutions amounted to RMB28.391 billion, a decrease of RMB1.387 billion or 4.66% over last year, mainly because of a
     decrease in the average cost rate of deposits and placements from banks and non-bank financial institutions due to the drop
     of market interest rates.

     Interest Expense on Debt Certificates Issued
     During the reporting period, the Group’s interest expense on debt certificates issued stood at RMB22.186 billion, a
     decrease of RMB230 million or 1.03% over last year, primarily due to a fall of the average cost rate of debt certificates
     issued.

     Interest Expense on Borrowings from Central Banks
     During the reporting period, the Group’s interest expense on borrowings from central banks reached RMB8.118 billion, a
     decrease of RMB819 million or 9.16% over last year, mainly due to the drop of borrowings from central banks.

     Interest Expense on Financial Assets Sold under Repurchase Agreements
     During the reporting period, the Group’s interest expense on financial assets sold under repurchase agreements was
     RMB1.679 billion, an increase of RMB56 million or 3.45% over last year, primarily due to an increase in the average
     balance of financial assets sold under repurchase agreements.




32   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                    Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




Other Interest Expense
During the reporting period, the Group’s other interest expense stood at RMB581 million, an increase of RMB568 million
over last year, primarily due to an increase in interest expense on lease after the implementation of the new lease standard
in 2019.

3.2.1.5 Net Non-Interest Income
During the reporting period, the Group realized RMB60.610 billion of net non-interest income, an increase of RMB7.756
billion or 14.67% over last year.

                                                                                                         Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                 Increase/        Growth
 Item                                                               2019            2018          decrease       Rate (%)
 Net fee and commission income                                    46,384          37,008            9,376           25.34
 Net trading gain                                                  5,229           6,519           (1,290)         (19.79)
 Net gain from investment securities                               8,629           9,046             (417)          (4.61)
 Net hedging gain                                                     (2)             (1)              (1)         100.00
 Other net operating income                                          370             282               88           31.21
 Total                                                            60,610          52,854            7,756           14.67


3.2.1.6 Net Fee and Commission Income
During the reporting period, net fee and commission income of the Group reached RMB46.384 billion, representing
an increase of RMB9.376 billion or 25.34% over last year. Among these, the bank card fees increased by RMB10.284
billion or 41.95% over last year, mainly due to the increase in credit card fees; agency fees and commissions increased
by RMB2.506 billion or 51.79% over last year, mainly due to the growth in fee income from agency asset management,
agency sale of insurance and fund; guarantee and consulting fees went down by RMB715 million or 12.74% over last year,
mainly because of the decrease in guarantee and commitment fee income; commission for custodian and other fiduciary
business dropped by RMB2.209 billion or 36.55% over last year, as a result of the decrease in wealth management business
fees.

                                                                                                         Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                 Increase/       Growth
 Item                                                               2019            2018          decrease      Rate (%)
 Bank card fees                                                   34,800          24,516           10,284           41.95
 Agency fees and commissions                                       7,345           4,839            2,506           51.79
 Guarantee and consulting fees                                     4,898           5,613             (715)         (12.74)
 Commissions for custodian and other fiduciary business            3,835           6,044           (2,209)         (36.55)
 Settlement and clearance fees                                     1,322           1,269               53            4.18
 Other fees and commissions                                           84             318             (234)         (73.58)
 Subtotal of fees and commissions                                 52,284          42,599            9,685           22.74
 Fee and commission expense                                       (5,900)          (5,591)           (309)            5.53
 Net fee and commission income                                    46,384          37,008            9,376           25.34


3.2.1.7 Net Trading Gain and Net Gain from Investment Securities
During the reporting period, the Group’s net trading gain and net gain from investment securities registered a combined
amount of RMB13.858 billion, a decrease of RMB1.707 billion over last year, mainly because of lower income from credit
card asset turnover in 2019 compared with last year.




                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report     33
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     3.2.1.8 Operating Expenses
     During the reporting period, the Group incurred RMB54.168 billion operating expenses, an increase of RMB1.568
     billion or 2.98% over last year, primarily because the Group vigorously supported innovations in financial technology,
     and increased technology input to lay a solid technological foundation. During the reporting period, the Group’s cost-to-
     income ratio (excluding tax and surcharges) stood at 27.84%, down by 2.87 percentage points over last year.

                                                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                                        Increase/              Growth
      Item                                                                                      2019                   2018              decrease             Rate (%)
      Staff costs                                                                             29,636                29,599                     37                   0.13
      Property and equipment expenses and amortization                                         9,238                 9,255                    (17)                 (0.18)
      Other general operating and administrative expenses                                     13,440                12,047                  1,393                  11.56
      Subtotal                                                                                52,314                50,901                  1,413                   2.78
      Tax and surcharges                                                                        1,854                 1,699                    155                  9.12
      Total                                                                                   54,168                52,600                  1,568                   2.98
      Cost-to-income ratio                                                                   28.83%                31.73%         Down 2.90 percentage points
      Cost-to-income ratio (excluding tax and surcharges)                                    27.84%                30.71%         Down 2.87 percentage points


     3.2.1.9 Credit and Other Asset Impairment Losses
     During the reporting period, the Group’s credit impairment losses and other asset impairment losses totaled RMB77.255
     billion, an increase of RMB19.022 billion or 32.67% over the previous year. Specifically, allowance for impairment losses
     on loans and advanced to customers was RMB68.793 billion, representing an increase of RMB21.040 billion or 44.06%
     over last year. Please refer to the section of “Loan Quality Analysis” in this chapter for analysis of the Group’s allowance for
     impairment losses on loans and advances to customers.

                                                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                               Increase/                       Growth
      Item                                                                             2019                  2018               decrease                      Rate (%)
      Loans and advances to customers                                               68,793                 47,753                21,040                       44.06
      Interest receivable                                                            2,103                  3,034                  (931)                     (30.69)
      Financial investments                                                          4,267                  1,074                 3,193                     297.30
      Interbank business (Note)                                                         26                    (23)                   49           Negative last year
      Other receivables                                                                390                  6,098                (5,708)                     (93.60)
      Off-balance-sheet items                                                        1,100                    (50)                1,150           Negative last year
      Repossessed assets                                                               576                    347                   229                       65.99
      Total                                                                         77,255                 58,233                19,022                            32.67

     Notes:   Including the impairment losses on deposits and placements with, and loans to banks and non-bank financial institutions, and financial assets held under resale
              agreements.




34   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                            Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




3.2.1.10 Income Tax
During the reporting period, the Group’s income tax expense was RMB7.551 billion, representing a decrease of RMB1.399
billion or 15.63% over last year. The Group made actively guided its business structural adjustment, and increased the
proportion of tax-free assets. Effective tax rate of the Group during the reporting period stood at 13.35%, down 3.12
percentage points over last year.

3.2.2 Balance Sheet Analysis
3.2.2.1 Assets
As at the end of the reporting period, the Group recorded total assets of RMB6,750.433 billion, an increase of 11.27%
from the end of the previous year, mainly because the Group increased its loans and advances to customers and financial
investments.

                                                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB million
                                                                                               31 December 2019                                31 December 2018
  Item                                                                                         Balance Proportion (%)                          Balance Proportion (%)
  Total loans and advances to customers                                                     3,997,987                      59.2             3,608,412                      59.5
  Accrued interest of loans and advances to customers                                          10,104                       0.2                 8,338                       0.1
  Less: Allowance for impairment losses on loans and advances
         to customers (1)                                                                    (115,489)                     (1.7)             (101,100)                     (1.7)
        Net loans and advances to customers                                                 3,892,602                      57.7             3,515,650                      57.9
  Total financial investments                                                               1,863,351                      27.6             1,588,416                      26.3
  Accrued interest of financial investments                                                    17,021                       0.3                15,117                       0.2
  Less: Allowance for impairment losses on financial
          investments (2)                                                                      (6,776)                     (0.1)               (3,370)                     (0.1)
        Net financial investments                                                           1,873,596                      27.8             1,600,163                      26.4
  Investment in associates and joint ventures                                                   3,672                       0.1                 3,881                       0.1
  Cash and deposits with central banks                                                        463,158                       6.9               538,708                       8.9
  Deposits and placements with, and loans to banks and non-
    bank financial institutions                                                                325,844                       4.8              275,313                       4.5
  Financial assets held under resale agreements                                                  9,954                       0.1               10,790                       0.2
  Others (3)                                                                                   181,607                       2.6              122,209                       2.0
  Total                                                                                     6,750,433                     100.0             6,066,714                    100.0

Notes: (1) Including allowances for impairment losses on loans and advances to customers measured at amortized cost and allowances for impairment losses on accrued
             interest of loans and advances to customers measured at amortized cost.
         (2) Including allowances for impairment losses on financial investments measured at amortized cost and impairment losses on accrued interest of financial
             investments measured at amortized cost.
         (3) Including precious metals, derivative financial assets, investment properties, fixed assets, intangible assets, goodwill, use right assets, deferred income tax assets
             and other assets, etc.




                                                                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report             35
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Loans and Advances to Customers
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Group recorded RMB3,997.987 billion total loans and advances to customers
     (excluding accrued interest), up by 10.80% over the end of the previous year. Net loans and advances to customers
     accounted for 57.7% of total assets, down by 0.2 percentage point over the end of the previous year. The Group’s balance
     of loans and advances to customer measured at amortized cost took up 92.1% of total loans and advances to customers.
     The table below sets out the classification of the Group’s loans and advances to customers by measurement attribute.

                                                                                                             Unit: RMB million
                                                                        31 December 2019              31 December 2018
      Item                                                              Balance Proportion (%)         Balance Proportion (%)
      Loans and advances to customer measured at amortized cost       3,682,283             92.1     3,511,892            97.3
      Loans and advances to customer measured at fair value
        through other comprehensive income                              308,789              7.7       96,520              2.7
      Loans and advances to customer measured at fair value
        through profit or loss                                            6,915              0.2            –               –
      Total loans and advances to customers                           3,997,987            100.0     3,608,412           100.0

     Please refer to the section of “Loan Quality Analysis” in this chapter for analysis of the Group’s loans and advances to
     customers.

     Financial Investments
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Group recorded RMB1,863.351 billion total financial investments (excluding
     accrued interest), up by RMB274.935 billion or 17.31% over the end of the previous year, mainly because the growth in
     the Group put more investments in debt securities and funds.

     Classification of the Group’s financial investments by product is set out in the table below.

                                                                                                             Unit: RMB million
                                                                        31 December 2019              31 December 2018
      Item                                                              Balance Proportion (%)         Balance Proportion (%)
      Investment in debt securities                                   1,234,308             66.3      944,623             59.5
      Investment funds                                                  218,491             11.7      189,176             11.9
      Investment in wealth management products and through
        structured entities                                             187,169             10.0      228,618             14.4
      Trust management plans                                            160,265              8.6      178,068             11.2
      Certificates of deposit and interbank certificates of deposit      51,658              2.8       40,763              2.6
      Investment in equity instruments                                   11,460              0.6        7,168              0.4
      Total financial investments                                     1,863,351            100.0     1,588,416           100.0




36   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                         Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




Classification of the Group’s financial investments by measurement attribute is set out in the table below.

                                                                                                          Unit: RMB million
                                                                  31 December 2019                  31 December 2018
 Item                                                              Balance Proportion (%)           Balance Proportion (%)
 Financial investments measured at fair value through profit
   or loss                                                        317,546             17.0         308,872              19.4
 Financial investments measured at amortized cost                 921,109             49.4         773,178              48.7
 Financial investments measured at fair value through other
   comprehensive income                                           621,660             33.4         503,659              31.7
 Financial investments designated to be measured at fair value
   through other comprehensive income                                3,036             0.2            2,707              0.2
 Total financial investments                                     1,863,351           100.0        1,588,416            100.0


Investment in Debt Securities
As at the end of the reporting period, the Group registered RMB1,234.308 billion investment in debt securities, an increase
of RMB289.685 billion or 30.67% over the end of the previous year, primarily because the Group optimized its asset
allocation and increased investments in tax-light and capital-light government bonds.

Classification of Debt Securities Investment by Issuers
                                                                                                          Unit: RMB million
                                                                  31 December 2019                  31 December 2018
 Item                                                              Balance Proportion (%)           Balance Proportion (%)
 Banks and non-bank financial institutions                        345,664             28.0         207,254              22.0
 Government                                                       674,782             54.7         491,368              52.0
 Policy banks                                                      97,561              7.9         118,121              12.5
 Business entities                                                115,961              9.4         125,796              13.3
 Public entities                                                      340                –           2,084               0.2
 Total                                                           1,234,308           100.0         944,623             100.0




                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report   37
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Breakdown of Significant Investments in Financial Debt Securities
     The table below sets out the breakdown of significant investments in financial debt securities held by the Group as at 31
     December 2019.

                                                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                                                               Accrued
                                                                                                  Maturity date                      Coupon                impairment
      Name of Debt Securities                                              Book value             (DD/MM/YY)                         rate (%)                allowance
      Debt Securities 1                                                             4,467             24/06/2020                        2.51%                           –
      Debt Securities 2                                                             4,379             18/07/2022                        3.12%                           –
      Debt Securities 3                                                             4,322             18/02/2021                        2.96%                           –
      Debt Securities 4                                                             3,919             02/07/2024                        3.42%                           –
      Debt Securities 5                                                             3,876             20/08/2029                        5.98%                           –
      Debt Securities 6                                                             3,500             20/12/2021                        3.79%                        0.47
      Debt Securities 7                                                             3,499             28/04/2020                        4.20%                        0.47
      Debt Securities 8                                                             3,445             14/08/2024                        3.24%                           –
      Debt Securities 9                                                             2,999             08/03/2021                        3.25%                        0.89
      Debt Securities 10                                                            2,990             28/03/2022                        3.50%                        0.40
      Total                                                                       37,396                                                                             2.23

     Note:    There was no material change in the financial position of the above securities’ issuers during the reporting period, and the allowance for impairment losses was
              accrued according to expected loss model as required by the accounting standards on financial instruments.



     Investment in Associates and Joint Ventures
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Group recorded RMB3.672 billion investment in associates and joint ventures,
     a decrease of 5.39% over the end of the previous year. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s balance of
     allowance for impairment losses on investment in associates and joint ventures was zero. For relevant details, please refer to
     Note 24 “Investment in Associates and Joint Ventures” to the financial report.

                                                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                           31 December                   31 December
      Item                                                                                                                        2019                          2018
      Investments in joint ventures                                                                                                2,914                            2,759
      Investments in associates                                                                                                      758                            1,122
      Allowance for impairment losses                                                                                                  –                                –
      Net investment in associates and joint ventures                                                                              3,672                            3,881




38   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




Derivatives
The table below sets out major categories and amount of derivatives held by the Group as at the end of the reporting
period. For relevant details, please refer to Note 20 “Derivative Financial Assets/Liabilities” to the financial report.

                                                                                                            Unit: RMB million
                                               31 December 2019                               31 December 2018
                                   Nominal               Fair value               Nominal                 Fair value
 Item                              principal           Assets      Liabilities    principal             Assets       Liabilities
 Interest rate derivatives        2,886,296            5,203           5,176     1,845,632               6,106           5,974
 Currency derivatives             1,513,070           11,700          10,928     2,595,674              24,826          24,501
 Other derivatives                   12,715              214             732        59,464               1,059           1,171
 Total                            4,412,081           17,117          16,836     4,500,770              31,991          31,646


Repossessed Assets
As at the end of the reporting period, the Group recorded repossessed assets of RMB3.494 billion, and charged RMB1.168
billion allowances for impairment losses on repossessed assets. The book value stood at RMB2.326 billion.

                                                                                                            Unit: RMB million
                                                                                    31 December                  31 December
 Item                                                                                      2019                         2018
 Original value of repossessed assets                                                          3,494                     2,928
   — Land, premises and buildings                                                              3,491                     2,429
   — Others                                                                                        3                       499
 Allowances for impairment losses on repossessed assets                                       (1,168)                     (725)
   — Land, premises and buildings                                                             (1,168)                     (449)
   — Others                                                                                        –                      (276)
 Total book value of repossessed assets                                                        2,326                     2,203




                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report     39
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Changes in Impairment Allowances
                                                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                     Write-offs
                                                                                                Charge/            and transfer
                                                                                                reversals           out during
                                                                       31 December            during the            the current                              31 December
       Item                                                                   2018                period                 period              Others (1)             2019
       Loans and advances to customers (2)                                     101,154             68,793                (60,686)                 6,609             115,870
       Financial investments (3)                                                 4,394              4,267                   (276)                     4               8,389
       Interbank business (4)                                                      243                 26                      –                      1                 270
       Other assets (5)                                                         12,072              2,493                (10,387)                  (130)              4,048
       Off-balance-sheet items                                                   4,543              1,100                      –                      3               5,646
       Subtotal of allowances for credit
         impairment                                                            122,406             76,679                (71,349)                 6,487             134,223
       Repossessed assets                                                          725                576                   (205)                    72               1,168
       Subtotal of allowances for other
         asset impairments                                                            725               576                  (205)                    72                1,168
       Total                                                                   123,131             77,255                (71,554)                 6,559             135,391

     Notes: (1) Including recovery of write-offs and impacts of exchange rate changes.
              (2) Including allowances for impairment losses on loans and advances to customers measured at amortized cost, and allowances for impairment losses on loans
                  and advances to customers measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.
              (3) Including allowances for impairment losses on financial investments measures at amortized cost and impairment losses on financial investments measured at
                  fair value through other comprehensive income.
              (4) Including allowance for impairment losses of deposits and placements with, and loans to banks and non-bank financial institutions and financial assets held
                  under resale agreements.
              (5) Including allowance for impairment losses on other receivables and accrued interest of all financial assets.



     3.2.2.2 Liabilities
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Group recorded total liabilities of RMB6,217.909 billion, up 10.76% from the
     end of the previous year, primarily due to the increase in deposits from customers, deposits and placements from banks and
     non-bank financial institutions and debt certificates issued.

                                                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB million
                                                                                       31 December 2019                                   31 December 2018
       Item                                                                             Balance     Proportion (%)                         Balance         Proportion (%)
       Borrowings from central banks                                                    240,298                       3.9                286,430                           5.1
       Deposits from customers                                                        4,073,258                      65.5              3,649,611                          65.0
       Deposits and placements from banks and
         non-bank financial institutions                                              1,043,661                      16.8                 897,622                         16.0
       Financial assets sold under repurchase
         agreements                                                                    111,838                        1.8                 120,315                           2.1
       Debt certificates issued                                                        650,274                       10.4                 552,483                           9.9
       Others (Note)                                                                    98,580                        1.6                 107,167                           1.9
       Total                                                                          6,217,909                    100.0               5,613,628                        100.0

     Notes:     Including held-for-trading financial liabilities, derivative financial liabilities, staff remunerations payable, tax and fee payables, estimated liabilities, lease
                liabilities, deferred income tax liabilities and other liabilities.




40   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                  Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




Deposits from Customers
As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s total deposits from customers (excluding accrued interest) were
RMB4,038.820 billion, representing an increase of RMB422.397 billion or 11.68% over the end of the previous year;
and deposits from customers accounted for 65.5% of total liabilities, an increase of 0.5 percentage point from the end
of the previous year. The Group’s balance of corporate deposits was RMB3,160.650 billion, representing an increase of
RMB256.736 billion or 8.84% over the end of the previous year; and balance of personal deposits stood at RMB878.170
billion, representing an increase of RMB165.661 billion or 23.25% over the end of the previous year.

                                                                                                    Unit: RMB million
                                                     31 December 2019                     31 December 2018
 Item                                                Balance    Proportion (%)            Balance     Proportion (%)
 Corporate deposits
 Demand deposits                                   1,674,923               41.1         1,521,684               41.7
 Time and call deposits                            1,485,727               36.5         1,382,230               37.9
 Including: negotiated deposits                       83,539                2.1            86,739                2.4
 Subtotal                                          3,160,650               77.6         2,903,914               79.6
 Personal deposits
 Demand deposits                                     275,526                6.8           262,960                7.2
 Time and call deposits                              602,644               14.8           449,549               12.3
 Subtotal                                            878,170               21.6           712,509               19.5
 Total deposits from customers                     4,038,820               99.2         3,616,423               99.1
 Accrued interest                                     34,438                0.8            33,188                0.9
 Total                                             4,073,258              100.0         3,649,611              100.0


Breakdown of Deposits from Customers by Currency
                                                                                                    Unit: RMB million
                                                     31 December 2019                     31 December 2018
 Item                                                Balance    Proportion (%)            Balance     Proportion (%)
 Renminbi                                          3,700,005               90.8         3,283,244               90.0
 Foreign currencies                                  373,253                9.2           366,367               10.0
 Total deposits from customers                     4,073,258              100.0         3,649,611              100.0




                                                                                                    2019 Annual Report   41
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Breakdown of Deposits by Geographical Region
                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB million
                                                                       31 December 2019                            31 December 2018
      Item                                                             Balance       Proportion (%)                 Balance        Proportion (%)
      Head Office                                                       13,540                      0.3             12,749                   0.4
      Bohai Rim                                                      1,012,398                     24.9            889,733                  24.4
      Yangtze River Delta                                            1,064,584                     26.1            891,975                  24.4
      Pearl River Delta and West Strait                                709,706                     17.4            657,033                  18.0
      Central                                                          534,637                     13.1            486,734                  13.3
      Western                                                          405,283                     10.0            376,039                  10.3
      Northeastern                                                      85,017                      2.1             83,730                   2.3
      Overseas                                                         248,093                      6.1            251,618                   6.9
      Total                                                          4,073,258                  100.0            3,649,611                 100.0


     3.2.3 Shareholders’ Equity
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s shareholders’ equity was RMB532.524 billion, an increase of 17.53%
     over the end of the previous year. Among them, other equity instruments amounted to RMB78.083 billion, representing an
     increase of 123.38% over the end of the previous year, mainly due to the issuance of undated capital bonds and convertible
     corporate bonds; other comprehensive income was RMB7.361 billion, representing an increase of 39.70% over the end
     of the previous year, mainly due to the increase in allowance for impairment losses and revaluation reserves on financial
     investments. The table below sets out the changes in shareholders’ equity in the Group during the reporting period.

                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB million
                                                                                            2019
                                                                                                    Surplus
                                                                                                     reserve
                                                                                                        and
                                                            Other                       Other       general                     Non-
                                              Share         equity      Capital comprehensive           risk   Retained   controlling
       Item                                  capital   instrument       reserve       income         reserve   earnings      interest       Total
       31 December 2018                      48,935        34,955       58,977         5,269        108,705    179,820        16,425      453,086
       i. Profit for the period                                                                                 48,015           979       48,994
       ii. Other comprehensive income                                                  2,092                                     110        2,202
       iii. Capital contributed or reduced
             by shareholders                               43,128                                                             (1,825)      41,303
       iv. Profit allocation                                                                         11,839    (24,424)         (476)     (13,061)
       31 December 2019                      48,935        78,083       58,977         7,361        120,544    203,411        15,213      532,524




42   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                          Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




3.2.4 Loan Quality Analysis
During the reporting period, the Group’s asset quality significantly improved over the previous year, mainly reflected by a
decline in NPL ratio and an increase in provision coverage ratio. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group registered
RMB3,997.987 billion total loans, up by 10.80% over the end of the previous year; an NPL ratio of 1.65%, down by 0.12
percentage point over the end of the previous year; a 175.25% allowance coverage ratio, a rise of 17.27 percentage points
from the end of the previous year; and a 2.90% ratio of allowance for loan impairment losses to total loans, up by 0.10
percentage point from the end of the previous year.

Concentration of Loans by Product
As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s balance of corporate loans (excluding discounted bills) recorded
RMB1,955.519 billion, an increase of RMB74.394 billion or 3.95% over the end of the previous year; and its balance of
personal loans reached RMB1,730.814 billion, an increase of RMB246.324 billion or 16.59% over the end of the previous
year. Personal loans grew faster than corporate loans, and their balance took up a proportion of 43.29%, up by 2.15
percentage points over the end of last year. Balance of discounted bills increased by RMB68.857 billion over the end of
the previous year. The Group’s balance of corporate non-performing loans (excluding discounted bills) and that of personal
non-performing loans increased by RMB1.801 billion and RMB288 million over the end of the previous year, respectively,
corresponding to a 0.01 and 0.12 percentage point decline in their respective NPL ratios over the end of the previous year.

                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB million
                                                31 December 2019                                    31 December 2018
                                             Proportion      Balance                             Proportion       Balance
                                   Balance         (%)       of NPLs   NPL ratio       Balance         (%)       of NPLs     NPL ratio
 Corporate loans                 1,955,519       48.91        50,923        2.60     1,881,125       52.13        49,122          2.61
 Personal loans                  1,730,814       43.29        15,194        0.88     1,484,490       41.14        14,906          1.00
 Discounted bills                  311,654        7.80          0.00        0.00       242,797        6.73          0.00          0.00
 Total loans                     3,997,987      100.00        66,117        1.65     3,608,412      100.00        64,028          1.77


Breakdown of Loans by Type of Guarantee
As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s loan guarantee structure was further improved. The balance of loans
secured by collateral and pledge loans was RMB2,220.741 billion, an increase of RMB153.661 billion over the end of
the previous year, accounting for 55.54% of the Group’s total loans, down by 1.74 percentage points from the end of the
previous year; the balance of unsecured and guaranteed loans was RMB1,465.592 billion, an increase of RMB167.057
billion over the end of the previous year, accounting for 36.66% of the Group’s total loans, up by 0.67 percentage point
from the end of the previous year.

                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB million
                                                             31 December 2019                          31 December 2018
 Type of Guarantee                                           Balance    Proportion (%)                 Balance         Proportion (%)
 Unsecured loans                                             976,047                24.41             806,153                  22.34
 Guaranteed loans                                            489,545                12.25             492,382                  13.65
 Loans secured by collateral                               1,822,815                45.59           1,658,485                  45.96
 Pledge loans                                                397,926                 9.95             408,595                  11.32
 Subtotal                                                  3,686,333                92.20           3,365,615                  93.27
 Discounted bills                                           311,654                  7.80             242,797                    6.73
 Total loans                                               3,997,987               100.00           3,608,412                 100.00




                                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report      43
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Concentration of Loans by Geographic Region
     The Group’s balances of loans to the Bohai Rim, the Yangtze River Delta and the Pearl River Delta and West Strait
     ranked the top three, recording RMB1,224.035 billion, RMB920.846 billion and RMB598.313 billion, and accounting
     for 30.61%, 23.03% and 14.97% of the Group’s total, respectively. In terms of growth rate, the Yangtze River Delta, the
     Central region and the Western region recorded the highest growth, reaching 17.35%, 15.39% and 9.46%, respectively.
     The Group’s NPLs were mainly concentrated in the Bohai Rim, the Pearl River Delta and West Strait and the Western
     region, with the combined NPL balance reaching RMB45.106 billion, accounting for 68.22% of the total. In terms of
     incremental NPLs, the Pearl River Delta and West Strait registered the largest amount of RMB4.820 billion and its NPL
     ratio rose by 0.69 percentage point; followed by the Western region, which recorded RMB2.070 billion incremental NPLs
     and a 0.29 percentage point rise in its NPL ratio.

     Main reasons for the change in the regional distribution of NPLs are as follows: First, risk exposures of the Pearl River
     Delta and West Strait, the Western region and other regions increased, coupled with the concentrated outbreak of the risk
     of some customers, resulting in more incremental NPLs in these regions. Second, after active disposal, existing NPLs were
     resolved to some extent in the Yangtze River Delta and other regions, so the growth rate of incremental NPLs slowed down
     and NPLs declined.

                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB million
                                                             31 December 2019                             31 December 2018
                                                          Proportion     Balance   NPL                 Proportion       Balance    NPL
                                                Balance         (%)      of NPLs   ratio     Balance         (%)       of NPLs     ratio
      Bohai Rim (1)                           1,224,035       30.61       23,401   1.91    1,123,293       31.13        25,050     2.23
      Yangtze River Delta                       920,846       23.03        7,711   0.84      784,722       21.75         9,146     1.17
      Pearl River Delta and West Strait         598,313       14.97       12,499   2.09      549,491       15.23         7,679     1.40
      Western                                   474,109       11.86        9,206   1.94      433,143       12.00         7,136     1.65
      Central                                   534,366       13.37        7,192   1.35      463,100       12.83         8,479     1.83
      Northeastern                               77,694        1.94        4,125   5.31       75,682        2.10         5,068     6.70
      Overseas                                  168,624        4.22        1,983   1.18      178,981        4.96         1,470     0.82
      Total Loans                             3,997,987      100.00       66,117   1.65    3,608,412      100.00        64,028     1.77

     Note:   (1) Including the Head Office.




44   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                               Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




Concentration of Corporate Loans by Sector
As at the end of the reporting period, rental and business services and real estate were the top two sector borrowers of
the Group’s corporate loans. Their loan balances recorded RMB352.732 billion and RMB288.975 billion, respectively.
Specifically, loans granted to rental and business services took up 18.04% of the Group’s total corporate loans, up by
3.01 percentage points from the end of the previous year; loans granted to real estate took up 14.78% of the total, down
by 1.85 percentage points from the end of the previous year. In terms of growth rate, loans to the three sectors, namely,
water, environment and public utilities management, rental and business services and construction grew relatively faster, up
by 28.73%, 24.77% and 19.74% over the end of the previous year respectively, all higher than the average growth rate of
corporate loans.

As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s NPLs were mainly concentrated in two sectors, i.e., manufacturing
sector and wholesale and retail sector, with their NPL balances standing at RMB15.687 billion and RMB11.861 billion
respectively, collectively taking up 54.10% of the total corporate NPLs. And these two sectors’ balance of NPLs decreased
by RMB5.955 billion and RMB1.002 billion over the end of the previous year, corresponding to a 1.25 percentage points
and 0.42 percentage point drop in their respective NPL ratios compared with the end of the previous year. The balance
of the Group’s NPLs in sectors of real estate, rental and business services, construction, water, environment and public
utilities management increased by RMB2.344 billion, RMB1.902 billion, RMB1.304 billion and RMB532 million over the
end of the previous year, respectively, with NPL ratios rising by 0.84, 0.40, 1.14 and 0.17 percentage points respectively.
The balance of NPLs in sectors of transportation, storage and postal services, and production and supply of electric power,
gas and water decreased by RMB724 million and RMB365 million respectively from the end of the previous year, and the
NPL ratios decreased by 0.48 and 0.37 percentage point, respectively.

Main reasons for the rise of NPLs in some sectors include: First, due to the impact of real estate regulation and control,
some real estate enterprises suffered a decline in operating results and solvency. Besides, construction enterprises closely
related to real estate were also affected by the real estate market and confronted a decrease in business performance
and a shortage of cash flows. Second, due to the decline in the growth rate of fixed asset investment and infrastructure
construction, the sectors of water, environment and public utilities management, production and supply of electric power,
gas and water, and rental and business services were affected by the shortage of market demand and other factors, resulting
in intensified competition, declined profitability, and increased credit risk exposures.

                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB million
                                                     31 December 2019                                31 December 2018
                                                  Proportion      Balance      NPL                Proportion      Balance      NPL
                                        Balance         (%)       of NPLs   ratio %     Balance         (%)      of NPLs    ratio %
 Manufacturing                         257,675        13.18        15,687     6.09     295,005        15.68       21,642      7.34
 Real Estate                           288,975        14.78         3,426     1.19     312,923        16.63        1,082      0.35
 Wholesale and retail                  146,883         7.51        11,861     8.08     151,391         8.05       12,863      8.50
 Transportation, storage and postal
    service                            152,127          7.78        1,367     0.90     151,038         8.03        2,091      1.38
 Water, environment and public
    utilities management               268,942        13.75           799     0.30     208,922        11.11          267      0.13
 Construction                           94,701         4.84         2,462     2.60      79,086         4.20        1,158      1.46
 Rental and business service           352,732        18.04         3,944     1.12     282,699        15.03        2,042      0.72
 Production and supply of electric
    power, gas and water                66,215         3.39           945     1.43      72,938         3.88        1,310      1.80
 Public and social organizations        12,743         0.65             5     0.04      13,366         0.71            0      0.00
 Others                                314,526        16.08        10,427     3.32     313,757        16.68        6,667      2.12
 Total corporate loans                1,955,519      100.00        50,923     2.60    1,881,125      100.00       49,122      2.61




                                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report   45
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Concentration of Borrowers of Corporate Loans
     The Group focused its attention on concentration risk control over its corporate loan borrowers. During the reporting
     period, the Group complied with the applicable regulatory requirements on concentration of borrowers. Since a single
     borrower was defined by the Group as a specific legal entity, one borrower could be the related party of another borrower.

       Major regulatory indicator                                     Regulatory Standard          31 December 2019            31 December 2018        31 December 2017
       Percentage of loans to the largest single customer (%) (1)                         ≤10                       2.27                      2.44                 2.25
       Percentage of loans to the top 10 customers (%) (2)                                ≤50                      13.12                     14.49                16.88

     Notes: (1) Percentage of loans to the largest single customer = balance of loans to the largest single customer/net capital.
             (2) Percentage of loans to the top 10 customers = balance of loans to the top 10 customers/net capital.


                                                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                             31 December 2019
                                                                                                                                      Percentage in    Percentage in net
                       Sector                                                                                   Balance             total loans (%)          capital (%)
       Borrower A Rental and business services                                                               14,427.09                        0.36                 2.27
       Borrower B Real estate                                                                                12,416.93                        0.31                 1.95
       Borrower C Public management, social security and social organizations                                 9,483.93                        0.24                 1.49
       Borrower D Real estate                                                                                 7,456.01                        0.19                 1.17
       Borrower E Accommodation and catering                                                                  7,127.68                        0.18                 1.12
       Borrower F Overseas institutions                                                                       7,095.32                        0.18                 1.12
       Borrower G Real estate                                                                                 6,800.00                        0.17                 1.07
       Borrower H Manufacturing                                                                               6,435.00                        0.16                 1.01
       Borrower I Rental and business services                                                                6,193.70                        0.15                 0.97
       Borrower J Transportation, storage and postal services                                                 6,006.30                        0.15                 0.94
       Total loans                                                                                           83,441.97                        2.09                13.12

     As at the end of the reporting period, the total balance of corporate loans from the Group to the top 10 customers
     amounted to RMB83.442 billion, taking up 2.09% of its total loans and 13.12% of its net capital.




46   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




Loan Risk Classification
The Group measures and manages the quality of its credit assets pursuant to the Guidelines on the Classification of Loan
Risks formulated by the former CBRC. The guidelines requires Chinese commercial banks to classify their credit assets into
five tiers, namely, pass, special mention, substandard, doubtful and loss, of which the last three classes are regarded as non-
performing loans.

During the reporting period, the Bank continued to reinforce the centralized management of loan risk classification and
kept enhancing the system for classified management of credit asset risks. While adhering to the core criteria of “safety
of loan recovery”, the Bank handled different tiers of loans with different risk management measures, taking into full
consideration various factors that may impact the quality of credit assets.

The Bank’s process for classification of loan risks includes the following steps: business departments conduct post-lending
inspections in the first place, after which credit departments of the branches provide preliminary opinions, followed by
preliminary classification by credit management departments of the branches; thereafter the branch risk directors review
and approve the preliminary classification; and the Head Office gives the final approval. With regard to loans with material
changes in risk profiles, the Bank adjusts their classification in a dynamic manner.

                                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB million
                                                                           31 December 2019                                      31 December 2018
                                                                           Balance          Proportion (%)                       Balance          Proportion (%)
 Performing loans                                                        3,931,870                      98.35                 3,544,384                        98.23
 Pass                                                                    3,843,061                      96.13                 3,459,343                        95.87
 Special mention                                                            88,809                       2.22                    85,041                         2.36
 Non-performing loans                                                       66,117                       1.65                    64,028                         1.77
 Substandard                                                                31,132                       0.78                    26,141                         0.72
 Doubtful                                                                   30,080                       0.75                    30,779                         0.85
 Loss                                                                        4,905                       0.12                     7,108                         0.20
 Total Loans                                                             3,997,987                     100.00                 3,608,412                       100.00

Note:   Performing loans include pass loans and special mention loans, while non-performing loans include substandard loans, doubtful loans and loss loans.


As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s balance of pass loans increased by RMB383.718 billion over the end of
the previous year, and accounted for 96.13% of its total loans, representing an increase of 0.26 percentage point over the
end of the previous year; and the balance of special mention loans increased by RMB3.768 billion, accounting for 2.22%
of its total loans, down by 0.14 percentage point over the end of the previous year. The balance of the Group’s NPLs
recognized in accordance with the regulatory risk classification criteria stood at RMB66.117 billion, representing an increase
of RMB2.089 billion over the end of the previous year; and its NPL ratio recorded 1.65%, down by 0.12 percentage point
over the end of the previous year.

During the reporting period, the Group’s NPL balance went up while NPL ratio went down. The main influencing factors
included the following: (1) the overall asset quality of the Bank maintained steady. Meanwhile, the Bank implemented the
“name list system” classification management for risk customers, focused on key accounts with non-performing loans, and
strengthened the resolution of overdue loans, which showed effective results. (2) Due to the slowdown of macro-economic
growth and the adverse impact of Sino-US trade frictions, the transformation difficulties of SMEs and private enterprises
increased, and some enterprises faced difficulties in operation and fund pressure. These factors exposed some enterprises to
growing credit risk.

At the beginning of 2019, the Group had already made sufficient anticipation and preparation in response to the changing
trends of loan quality. With its pertinent measures for risk prevention and resolution, the changes in NPLs were within the
Group’s expectation and under its control.




                                                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report         47
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Migration of Loans
     The table below sets out the migration of the Bank’s loans across the five tiers during the reporting period.

                                                                                 31 December 2019                31 December 2018               31 December 2017
       Migration ratio of pass loans (%)                                                                1.80                       2.53                        1.96
       Migration ratio of special mention loans (%)                                                    23.03                      48.27                       35.16
       Migration ratio of substandard loans (%)                                                        23.97                      73.53                       46.05
       Migration ratio of doubtful loans (%)                                                            8.77                      41.91                       32.05
       Ratio of migration from performing to NPLs (%)                                                   1.83                       1.63                         1.45

     As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank’s ratio of migration from performing to NPLs was 1.83%, an increase of 0.20
     percentage point over the end of the previous year. The reason behind this change is that the Bank tightened the criteria
     for recognition of non-performing loans, downgrading a lot of loans overdue for 2 months.

     Loans Overdue
                                                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB million
                                                                                  31 December 2019                                    31 December 2018
                                                                                   Balance         Proportion (%)                     Balance          Proportion (%)
       Loans repayable on demand                                                3,893,978                       97.40              3,511,853                   97.32
       Loans overdue (1)
         1-90 days                                                                 53,866                        1.35                  37,391                   1.04
         91-180 days                                                               13,976                        0.35                  13,181                   0.37
         181 days or more                                                          36,167                        0.90                  45,987                   1.27
       Subtotal                                                                   104,009                        2.60                  96,559                   2.68
       Total loans                                                              3,997,987                      100.00              3,608,412                  100.00
       Loans overdue for 91 days or more                                           50,143                        1.25                  59,168                   1.64
       Restructured loans (2)                                                      22,792                        0.57                  21,588                   0.60

     Notes: (1) Loans overdue refer to loans with principal or interest overdue for one day or more.
             (2) Restructured loans refer to loans overdue or downgraded but the conditions of which (e.g. amount and term) have been rearranged.


     During the reporting period, the Group’s overdue loans slightly increased due to the impact of the external economic
     environment, but the proportion of overdue loans went down. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s balance
     of overdue loans recorded RMB104.009 billion, an increase of RMB7.450 billion over the end of the previous year, and the
     proportion of overdue loans in total loans went down by 0.08 percentage point over the end of the previous year. Of these
     overdue loans, 1.35% were short-term and/or temporary loans with a maturity of less than 3 months. The proportion of
     loans overdue for 90 days and more was 1.25%, a decrease of 0.39 percentage point from the end of last year. The increase
     in the balance of overdue loans was mainly due to the growing risk exposures in some regions and sectors. However, the
     proportion of overdue loans decreased, indicating an overall stable asset quality.

     The Group managed and controlled loan restructuring in a stringent and prudent manner. As at the end of the reporting
     period, the Group’s restructured loans stood at RMB22.792 billion loans, an increase of RMB1.204 billion in amount and
     a decrease of 0.03 percentage point in proportion from the end of the previous year.




48   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                      Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




Analysis of Allowance for Loan Impairment

The group set aside adequate allowance for loan impairment losses based on expected loss model as required by the new
accounting standards on financial instruments in the light of customer default rate, default loss rate and many other
quantitative parameters as well as macro perspective adjustments.

                                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                    31 December 2019                     31 December 2018
  Impact of beginning conversions based on new accounting
    standards                                                                                             Not Applicable                                7,002
  Beginning balance                                                                                             101,154                                97,905
  Accruals during the period (1)                                                                                 68,793                                47,753
  Write-offs and transfer-out                                                                                   (60,686)                              (46,938)
  Recovery of loans and advances written off in previous years                                                    5,042                                 2,441
  Others (2)                                                                                                      1,567                                    (7)
  Ending balance                                                                                                   115,870                           101,154

Notes: (1) Equal to the net loan impairment losses recognized as accruals for the Group in the consolidated income statement of the Group.
        (2) Including foreign exchange rate changes and others.


The Group set aside adequate allowance for loan impairment losses according to the principles of prudence and
truthfulness. As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s balance of allowance for loan impairment losses registered
RMB115.870 billion, up by RMB14.716 billion over the end of the previous year. The Group’s ratio of balance of
allowance for loan impairment losses to NPL balance (i.e., allowance coverage ratio) and ratio of balance of allowance for
loan impairment losses to total loans (i.e., allowance for loan impairment losses to total loans) stood at 175.25% and 2.90%,
up by 17.27 and 0.10 percentage point over the end of the previous year, respectively.

During the reporting period, the Group accrued RMB68.793 billion as allowance for loan impairment losses, an increase
of RMB21.040 billion year on year. The reasons underlying the change in allowance accruals were: (1) The Bank increased
the share of loans charging allowance for loan impairment losses; (2) The Bank enhanced its non-performing assets disposal
and write-off, increasing its accruals for allowance for loan impairment losses; and (3) The Bank appropriately increased its
allowance for impairment losses so as to enhance its risk resilience to better handle future uncertainty.




                                                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report   49
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     3.2.5 Major Off-Balance Sheet Items
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank’s major off-balance sheet items included credit commitments, capital
     commitments and pledged assets. The detailed items and balances are set out in the table below.

                                                                                                           Unit: RMB million
      Item                                                                        31 December 2019       31 December 2018
      Credit commitments
        — Bank acceptance bills                                                              426,226                393,851
        — Letters of guarantee                                                               147,154                158,813
        — Letters of credit                                                                  103,981                 92,924
        — Irrevocable loan commitments                                                        52,211                 40,029
        — Credit card commitments                                                            545,503                434,590
      Subtotal                                                                             1,275,075              1,120,207
      Operating leasing commitments                                                                –                 12,934
      Capital commitments                                                                      3,457                  5,356
      Pledged assets                                                                         444,387                473,399
      Total                                                                                1,722,919              1,611,896


     3.2.6 Cash Flow Statement Analysis
     Net Cash Inflows from Operating Activities
     The Group’s net cash inflow from operating activities registered RMB116.969 billion, an increase of RMB14.653 billion
     over last year, primarily because the cash inflows resulting from the increase in deposits from customers and growth in
     interbank liabilities offset the cash outflows resulting from increase in loans and advances to customers and decrease in
     borrowings from central banks and gave rise to a net cash inflow higher than the previous year.

     Net Cash Outflows Used in Investing Activities
     The Group’s net cash outflows used in investing activities recorded RMB253.064 billion, an increase of RMB108.491
     billion from last year, mainly because securities investments increased over last year.




50   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                      Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




Net Cash Inflows Generated from Financing Activities
The Group’s net cash inflows generated from financing activities registered RMB100.579 billion, an increase of
RMB26.537 billion over last year, primarily because of the issuance of undated capital bonds.

                                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB million
                                                                                         Year-on-year
 Item                                                                       2019         increase (%)     Main reason
 Net Cash Inflows from Operating Activities                             116,969                  14.3
 Including: Cash inflow due to increase in deposits                     417,812                 113.1     Increase in various deposits
              from customers
            Net cash inflow due to increase in                            50,330                 (45.1)   Increase in interbank liabilities
              interbank business (Note)
            Cash outflow due to increase in loans                       (440,025)                 (2.4)   Increase in various loans
              and advances to customers
            Cash outflow due to decrease in                              (44,840)               (202.0)   Repayment of borrowings from central banks
              borrowings from central banks
 Net Cash Outflows Used in Investing Activities                         (253,064)                 75.0
 Including: Proceeds from redemption of investments                    1,940,528                  39.0    Increase in sale and redemption of financial investments
            Payments on acquisition of investments                    (2,190,629)                 42.7    Increase in financial investments
 Net Cash Inflows Generated from Financing Activities                    100,579                  35.8
 Including: Proceeds from Issuance of                                    586,270                 (36.4)   Decrease in issuance of interbank deposit certificates and
              debt certificates                                                                              bonds
            Proceeds of issuance of other equity                          39,993              1,096.3     Issuance of undated capital bonds
              instruments
            Principal repayment for issued                              (486,792)                (40.3)   Decrease in repayment of matured interbank deposit
              debt certificates                                                                            certificates and debt securities

Note:    Including deposits and placements with, and loans to banks and non-bank financial institutions, financial assets held under resale agreements, deposits and
         placements from banks and non-bank financial institutions, and financial assets sold under repurchase agreements.



3.2.7 Major Accounting Estimates and Assumptions
The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)
required the Group to make certain accounting estimates and assumptions when applying its accounting policies to
determine the amounts of assets and liabilities as well as profits and losses for the reporting period. The accounting
estimates and assumptions made by the Group were based on its historical experience and other factors such as reasonable
expectations of future events. The key assumptions involved in such estimates and the judgment on uncertainties were
reviewed on an on-going basis. Such accounting estimates and assumptions made by the Group were all appropriately
recognized during the current period of the concerned changes and will be recognized as such during the subsequent
periods of any impacts resulting from such changes.

The basis for preparing the Group’s financial statements was influenced by estimates and judgments in the following main
aspects: loans and advances to customers, classification and measurement of financial investments, impairment of financial
investments, fair value of financial instruments, income tax, retirement benefit liabilities and judgments on the extent of
control over investment targets.




                                                                                                                                               2019 Annual Report      51
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     3.2.8 Major Financial Statement Items with More than 30% Changes
                                                                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                     Increase/
                                                                                                 Decrease over
                                                                                     End of previous year-end/
      Item                                                                        2019/2019 previous year (%)              Main reason
      Precious metals                                                                 6,865                     37.6       Increase in self-held precious metals
      Derivative financial assets                                                    17,117                    (46.5)      Decrease in revaluation net gain from currency derivatives
      Use right assets                                                               12,390                        –       Item added as per the implementation of
                                                                                                                              new lease rules
      Deferred income tax assets                                                     32,095                    38.5        Increase in deductible temporary differences
      Other assets                                                                   87,556                   140.1        Increase in advances, settlement and clearing accounts
      Derivative financial liabilities                                               16,836                   (46.8)       Decrease in revaluation of currency derivatives
      Tax payables                                                                    8,865                    80.2        Decrease in balance of income tax payable
      Lease liabilities                                                              10,896                       –        Item added as per the implementation of new lease rules
      Other equity instruments                                                       78,083                   123.4        Increase in equity by issuance of undated capital bonds
                                                                                                                              and convertible corporate bonds
      Other comprehensive income                                                       7,361                    39.7       Increase in allowances for impairment losses on and
                                                                                                                              revaluation reserves of financial investment
      Credit impairment loss                                                        (76,679)                    32.5       Increase in loan impairment losses
      Other asset impairment losses                                                    (576)                    66.0       Increase in allowances for impairment losses on repossessed
                                                                                                                              assets


     3.2.9 Segment Report
     3.2.9.1 Business Segments
     Major business segments of the Group include corporate banking, retail banking and financial markets business. The table
     below lists the operating results of the Group for the reporting period by business segment.

                                                                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB million
                                                                           2019                                                                         2018
                                           Segment Operating                      Segment Profit                        Segment Operating                      Segment Profit
      Business Segment                               Income    Proportion (%)         before tax   Proportion (%)                 Income    Proportion (%)         before tax   Proportion (%)
      Corporate banking                              93,790              49.9            22,764              40.3                 87,823             53.0             25,573             47.1
      Retail banking                                 71,284              37.9            19,633              34.7                 57,525             34.7             16,623             30.6
      Financial markets business                     19,476              10.4            14,941              26.4                 16,712             10.1             12,529             23.1
      Others and unallocated                          3,331               1.8              (793)             (1.4)                 3,706              2.2               (399)            (0.8)
      Total                                         187,881            100.0             56,545            100.0                 165,766            100.0             54,326            100.0

     Note:       In 2019, the Group adjusted its business segments for internal management purposes, and restated the comparative figures.




52   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                               Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




3.2.9.2 Geographical Segments
The Group operates mainly in the Chinese mainland, with branches and sub-branches covering 31 provinces, autonomous
regions and municipalities. London Branch officially commenced operation in 2019. Subsidiaries CIFH and CNCB
Investment were registered in Hong Kong, while Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank and CITIC Financial Leasing were registered in
China. The table below lists the operating results of the Group for the reporting period by geographical segment.

                                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB million
                                                                                31 December 2019                                               2019
                                                         Total assets    (1)
                                                                                                     Total liabilities    (2)
                                                                                                                                          Profit before tax
  Geographical Segments                               Amount        Proportion (%)                  Amount         Proportion (%)        Amount        Proportion (%)
  Head Office                                       2,733,418                     40.7         3,312,559                         53.3    37,148                  65.7
  Yangtze River Delta                               1,400,247                     20.8         1,021,511                         16.4    10,891                  19.3
  Pearl River Delta and West Strait                   810,404                     12.1              624,170                      10.0     3,226                   5.7
  Bohai Rim                                         1,440,563                     21.4         1,212,606                         19.5     2,980                   5.3
  Central                                             656,139                      9.8              554,658                       8.9     4,337                   7.7
  Western                                             585,993                      8.7              457,021                       7.4     (2,804)                (5.0)
  Northeastern                                        106,531                      1.6               94,420                       1.5     (2,539)                (4.5)
  Overseas                                            338,452                      5.0              272,066                       4.4     3,306                   5.8
  Elimination                                       (1,353,409)                  (20.1)        (1,331,112)                      (21.4)         –                   –
  Total                                             6,718,338                    100.0         6,217,899                        100.0    56,545                100.0

Notes: (1) Excluding deferred tax assets.
          (2) Excluding deferred tax liabilities.


                                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB million
                                                                                31 December 2018                                                2018

                                                          Total assets   (1)
                                                                                                      Total liabilities   (2)
                                                                                                                                          Profit before tax
  Geographical Segments                               Amount         Proportion (%)                 Amount          Proportion (%)       Amount        Proportion (%)

  Head Office                                        2,445,696                    40.5             2,084,629                     37.1     25,144                 46.3
  Yangtze River Delta                                1,184,230                    19.6             1,191,150                     21.2     10,980                 20.2
  Pearl River Delta and West Strait                   812,520                     13.5              800,478                      14.3      8,020                 14.8
  Bohai Rim                                          1,255,616                    20.8             1,228,822                     21.9      6,532                 12.0
  Central                                             594,775                      9.8              596,075                      10.6      4,134                  7.6
  Western                                             539,071                      8.9              524,880                       9.4       (229)                (0.4)
  Northeastern                                          97,329                     1.6              106,680                       1.9     (3,537)                (6.5)
  Overseas                                            338,573                      5.6              282,868                       5.0      3,282                  6.0
  Elimination                                       (1,224,270)                  (20.3)        (1,201,970)                      (21.4)         –                   –
  Total                                              6,043,540                   100.0             5,613,612                    100.0     54,326                100.0

Notes: (1) Excluding deferred tax assets.
          (2) Excluding deferred tax liabilities.




                                                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report          53
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




        3.3 Business Overview
     Unless otherwise specified, this section analyzes data and information from the Bank’s perspective.

     3.3.1 Capital Market Focuses
     3.3.1.1 Review of the 2018-2020 Development Plan Implementation
     During the reporting period, the 2018-2020 Development Plan was well implemented, with the completion ratio of
     planned key projects reaching 97.61%, which can be manifested from the following six aspects:

     The three business segments showed a good development momentum. The Bank continued to promote the improvement
     of its business structure from “One Body Two Wings” to “Troika”, making the structure more coordinated and stable and
     more resilient against the economic cycle. As a result of the Bank’s greater effort in the integrated management of corporate
     banking business, total deposits from corporate customers exceeded RMB3 trillion and corporate customers increased by
     112,900. The Bank successfully earned a number of key strategic customers including Alibaba, China UnionPay, Beijing
     Automotive Group and China Mobile. The retail banking business took a strategic step to build two major ecosystems
     of ageing finance and going abroad finance, actively created new models of customer acquisition via mobile channels and
     platforms, and continuously improved customer management and service experience with the help of big data and precision
     marketing technology. Net operating income of the retail banking business registered RMB68.840 billion accounting for
     38.63% of the Bank’s total. The financial markets business enhanced its capability to grasp market opportunities, realizing
     gains from bond trading of RMB1.122 billion, gains from foreign exchange trading of RMB1.08 billion, and estimated
     profit of equity assets under management of RMB2.617 billion. The volume of new products conforming to the new
     regulations on asset management reached RMB374.598 billion, up by 359.21% from the end of last year.

     The differentiated regional development strategy was accelerated. In line with the national strategies for regional
     development, the Bank put forward the “differentiated and echelon-based” regional positioning and development strategy,
     dividing its tier-one branches into three categories, i.e., “strategic pivotal branches, key regional branches and regional
     branches with good potential”. Priority was placed on developing the strategic pivotal branches, favoring them with
     resources in terms of credit allocation, product pricing, review and approval, technology, and manpower. As at the end of
     the reporting period, the proportion of deposits of the strategic pivotal branches grew by 0.75 percentage point over the
     end of last year; the proportion of operating income of key regional branches went up by 1.17 percentage points year on
     year; and the balance of problem loans of regional branches with good potential decreased.

     Comprehensive and internationalized operation made
     breakthroughs. During the reporting period, the Bank’s
     the London Branch was opened for business, and the
     Bank pressed ahead with the applications for approval
     on upgrading the Sydney Representative Office and the
     establishment of Hong Kong Branch. The application for
     establishment of CITIC Wealth Management Co., Ltd.
     was approved. To earnestly implement the Belt and Road
     Initiative, the Bank successfully held the China-Kazakhstan
     High-tech Enterprise Forum in Kazakhstan, where ten
     corporate customers entered into the memorandum of
     cooperation. CIFH, CNCB Investment, CITIC Financial
     Leasing and Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank all achieved steady
     growth; CITIC aiBank further enhanced its ecological
     expansion ability and market influence; and NPL ratio of
     JSC Altyn Bank maintained the lowest among commercial
     banks in Kazakhstan.

     Technology empowerment for business development was furthered. The Bank continued to increase its investment in
     technology. The branch module of the Software Center was officially put into operation, the agile IT organizational
     structure was basically in place, and the whole-process research and development period was shortened by 90 days, more
     than 50% faster. More than 100 precise financial services of “AI+ data” were implemented, and the comprehensive
     capability of research and development, operation and maintenance integration maturity came to the leading level in China.
     The new-generation business system with cloud architecture independently designed and owned by the Bank was launched
     in the Credit Card Center, becoming the first safe localization case of hardware and software in the financial industry.

     Risk prevention and control system improved continuously. The Bank worked to establish the principal responsible person
     mechanism for operation, the principal responsible person mechanism for management and the full-time approver mechanism,
     and formulated responsibility identification measures for non-performing assets. It also strengthened unified credit extension
     management featuring unified credit extension policy for legal-person customers and formulated unified credit extension
     management plans for subsidiaries, and promoted differentiated credit extension policies and plans, further balancing risk
     prevention and development. In addition, the Bank reinforced the management of on- and off-balance-sheet financing
     businesses with focus on management and control of non-performing assets, greatly improving the overall quality of assets.



54   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                      Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




Management support was further enhanced. The finance sharing project and the centralized operation center were
launched, and the performance management system and the new-generation internal fund transfer pricing (FTP) system
were put into operation, which greatly improved the operation and management efficiency. RMB40 billion of convertible
bonds and RMB40 billion of undated capital bonds were successfully issued. Talent support, assessment and incentives
were strengthened as the Objectives and Key Results (OKR) assessment was carried out on a trial basis. Multiple channels
were used to select and foster managers and 3,983 employees were included to the “Double Hundred Double Thousand”1
talent bank. Corporate culture building was enhanced, and the cultivation of the characteristic cultures of the Head Office
and branches was furthered, with the publicity activities of “CITIC Stories” held.

3.3.1.2 Asset Management Business
Since PBOC, CBIRC and other regulators successively issued a series of
regulatory documents such as the Guiding Opinions on Regulating Asset
Management Business of Financial Institutions and the Measures for the
Regulation of Wealth Management Business of Commercial Banks (collectively
“the New Regulations on Asset Management”) in 2018, the Bank has
taken multiple measures accordingly to accelerate the rectification of its
wealth management business and moved forward with the transformation
of the asset management business. First, the Bank attached strategic
importance to the asset management business transformation, established
the Leading Group for Asset Management Business Transformation led by
the senior management and defined the division of responsibilities of each
department. It strengthened coordination in resource allocation and made
strategic arrangement of its asset management business. Second, the Bank
issued more NAV products with the marketing effort mainly spent in
monetary and fixed-income products, drew up plans on expanding multiple
asset investment business globally, strengthened the competitiveness of
asset allocation products for high-end customers including carte blanche
asset management, and created characteristic product groups such as cross-
border/foreign currency and equity products, realizing rapid growth of
scale and proportion of NAV products. Third, to reach the standard of
non-standardized asset investment proportion, the Bank controlled non-
standardized assets strictly according to the regulatory requirements
through formulating plans for reduction of existing non-standardized
assets and cutting the size of non-standardized assets by the means of early
recovery, issuance of asset-backed securities in the public market, etc.
Fourth, the Bank examined the existing assets, conducting comprehensive
assessment of repayment ability, repayment willingness, collateral value,
collateral disposal and other factors of the borrowers and identifying risks on a case-by-case basis, and stepped up efforts
in risk mitigation according to the principle of “accelerated recovery and proper disposal”. Fifth, the Bank sped up the
preparation and establishment of the wealth management subsidiary with 14 preparatory teams to improve its organizational
structure. It also enhanced its risk management capability and moved faster to rectify existing non-performing assets. On 4
December 2019, the application for establishment of CITIC Wealth Management Corporation Limited was approved by
the CBRIC.

During the reporting period, adhering to the strategic positioning of “market-oriented, digitalized, platform-based, high
value, high technology, high quality”, the Bank pushed forward the transformation of its wealth management business. It
actively reduced non-standardized assets via moving non-standardized assets back to the balance sheet and early repayment
agreement with customers, and the non-standardized met the asset investment proportion requirements across the Bank.
In the meantime, the Bank sorted out the existing assets according to duration, risk situation, transaction structure and
other dimensions of existing projects, made comprehensive use of new and old products, and set up multiple plans for
undertaking, reduction, returning the assets to the balance sheet and sale, to continuously promote the rectification of
existing assets and product transformation. In the future, in accordance with the orientation of “managing other people’s
wealth on their behalf as entrusted” in the New Regulations on Asset Management, the Bank will strengthen the tiered
management of customers and proactively meet requirements on the proper investors. It will carry out solid work in active
risk management and allocation of general-category assets, strengthen the allocation of standardized bond assets and term
match of non-standardized asset investments, and make appropriate arrangements in equity assets and cross-border market
operations based on willingness and ability of customers to take risks so as to address the needs of customers. And the
Bank will transform toward NAVs at the product end and investments measured thorough fair value and held-for-trading
purpose in the investment strategy end in consideration of customers’ risk preference and wealth management needs, and
refined management will be enhanced in aspects of custody, operation, information disclosure, compliance and risk control.



1	A human resources project with the aim of building four teams, i.e., operational and managerial talents, internationalized talents, professional talents and youth
         backbones, to implement the 2018-2020 Development Plan of the Bank.




                                                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report           55
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     3.3.1.3 Analysis on the Impact of LPR Formation Mechanism
     On 16 August 2019, PBOC officially released an announcement on the loan prime rate (LPR) formation mechanism,
     according to which the LPR is calculated by adding a few basis points to the interest rate of the medium-term lending
     facility (MLF), while the quoting banks are expanded and the new maturity is added. The continuous market-oriented
     interest rate reform has witnessed the cancel of upper and lower limits of lending rates. However, benchmark lending and
     deposit rates still exist along with the market interest rates. Therefore, the LPR formation reform marked a significant step
     to merge market rates and lending benchmark rates as well as a milestone in the market-oriented interest rate reform. Such
     an effort will put pressure on interest spread and profitability of banks, narrowing interest margin in the short term, while
     will improve the monetary policy transmission mechanism, cut down on the financing costs of enterprises, and provide
     strong support to resume vitality of macro economy in the long term. In addition, the LPR formation reform puts forward
     higher requirements on lending risk pricing capability and liability cost management of commercial banks. In response,
     commercial banks should change their mindset in terms of overall strategy, operation and management to quickly adjust the
     strategic direction, clarify customer positioning, improve forward-looking and dynamic management of assets and liabilities
     and strengthen innovation.

     Since the launch of LPR mechanism in 2013, the Bank, as one of the ten quoting banks, has undertook the responsibility
     of LPR promotion, participated in various market-oriented interest rate reform endeavors, and improved its internal
     management policies, laying a well-established foundation in terms of policy publicity, system building and actual
     application. As a core member of the market interest rate self-discipline mechanism and a quoting bank, it understands the
     important role of this reform in reducing the financing cost of enterprises and enhancing the vitality of microeconomic
     entities, thus actively promoting the rapid and steady implementation of relevant reform policies. In addition to doing a
     good job in the relevant fundamental work in the promotion of LPR application in the short term, the Bank has continued
     to improve the interest rate pricing management system to increase its independent pricing capability. In terms of LPR
     application, the share of loans newly granted by the Bank using LPR has surpassed 90%, and the target requirement of
     the PBOC on the LPR application ratio at the end of the first quarter of 2020 was met in advance in November 2019. In
     terms of LPR quotations, the Bank has set up a scientific quotation model and a highest-quality customer identification
     system to ensure each quote truly and accurately reflects the actual market supply and demand in the quoting period. In
     terms of refined pricing management, the Bank has further optimized the FTP price formation mechanism according to
     the requirements of the reform, and built a more refined loan risk pricing model to meet the needs of the market-oriented
     interest rate reform. In addition, it has further strengthened the management of deposit cost and maintained the Bank’s
     comparative advantage in deposit cost by reasonably balancing quantity and price of market-oriented liabilities, promoting
     tiered customer pricing management and establishing the deposit cost ratio management target system.

     In the future, the Bank will continue to perform the duty of quoting bank and prepare to welcome the further deepening
     of the market-oriented interest rate reform. First, it will enhance the transmission of national reform policies, continuously
     deepen the LPR application in new loans, and promote the conversion of existing floating rate loans to LPR loans in a
     steady and orderly manner. Second, it will further improve the loan risk pricing model, continue to increase the rationality
     of the measurement model, and steadily promote the application of these models in interest rate pricing, to strengthen the
     risk pricing ability of the Bank. Third, it will deepen deposit cost management, maintain market order and stability as an
     important market participant, and implement tiered pricing of deposits through customer interest rate sensitivity model and
     other tools to improve the refined management. Fourth, the Bank will grasp the opportunity of LPR application in existing
     floating rate loans to strengthen the combination of interest rate risk management of the banking book and operation so as
     to effectively manage risk exposures.

     3.3.1.4 Disposal and Resolution of Non-performing Assets
     During the reporting period, the Bank further strengthened the management of on- and off-balance sheet financing business
     and the management and control of non-performing assets, significantly improving the overall asset quality. It implemented
     “name list-based” classified management of risk customers, monitored and worked to resolve risks. Specifically, the Bank
     stepped up efforts to restructure, recover, collect, transfer in batch and write off overdue loans, and the effect of resolving
     overdue loans manifested itself. Moreover, to enhance asset quality management and control, it carried out quarterly
     evaluation and reporting on asset quality, where the reduction of corporate loans overdue for 0-30 days, 31-60 days and
     over 61 days was the focus. As at the end of the reporting period, NPL ratio of the Group stood at 1.65%, a drop of 0.12
     percentage point from the end of the previous year. Please refer to Chapter 3 “Management Discussion and Analysis—Loan
     Quality Analysis” of this report for analysis of asset quality of the Group.




56   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




During the reporting period, the Bank further strengthened risk prevention and control as well as the resolution of non-
performing assets, further improving the disposal structure. During the reporting period, while ensuring that the asset
quality met the regulatory target, the Bank disposed of RMB80.602 billion principal of non-performing assets in total
(including the Credit Card Center), which consumed RMB60.395 billion (including debt-for-equity swaps) write-off
resources. With the great importance attached to debt-for-equity swap, by taking the measures such as the establishment
of a debt-for-equity leading group, formulation and revision of management measures and organization of project
implementation, the Bank steadily moved forward with debt-for-equity swaps to prop up the development of the real
economy. As at the end of reporting period, the Bank carried out passive debt-for-equity projects organized by competent
authorities or courts of approximately RMB3.990 billion. Later in terms of passive debt-for-equity projects, the Bank will
further streamline the business procedures, improve relevant policies, and enhance the post-investment management of
equities swapped from debts and refined management of projects to be carried out, to promote the health development of
debt-for-equity business.

3.3.1.5 Achievements of Second Retail Banking Transformation
During the reporting period, retail banking witnessed deeper transformation and thus contributed more to the value growth
of the Bank with increasing endogenous growth momentum and emerging systematic development advantage. In terms of
operating performance, net operating income from retail banking registered RMB68.840 billion, accounting for 38.63% of
the Bank’s total; fee-based business generated more income with non-interest income reaching RMB38.780 billion, accounting
for 66.75% of the Bank’s total; retail customers exceeded 100 million, including about 850,000 VIP customers2 and over
40,000 private banking customers. Retail AUM increased by 17.85% year on year to over RMB2 trillion. Personal deposits
amounted to RMB700 billion, up by more than RMB150 billion for the second consecutive year. Personal loans excelled
in both quantity and quality with the loans granted in the year exceeded RMB500 billion and NPL ratio decreasing for the
fourth consecutive year. Monthly active users of Mobile Banking and Mobile Card Space were both over 10 million. The
number of credit cards issued totaled 83.32 million and accumulated trading volume exceeded RMB2.5 trillion. In terms
of operating system, being customer-centric, the Bank built and improved its product system, channel system, operation
system and brand system, and preliminarily established the
ecology and scenario-based platform. It set up the fission-
style customer marketing system to carry out high-quality
scenario-based customer acquisitions, launched the open
agency payment platform, upgraded the agency payment
business process, and established the open account and
product system to provide more online and intelligent
products and services. It made overall arrangements on digital
transformation of outlets, steadily promoted the integration
of channels, built the basic framework of open banking,
and worked for scenario and ecosystem building. It gave
play to the advantages of ageing finance and going abroad
finance, and developed the open going abroad finance
ecosystem and the ageing finance ecosystem covering the
whole life cycle.

During the reporting period, to strengthen long-term competitive edge and sustainable development capability of retail
banking, the Bank made forward-looking arrangements on and advanced its digital transformation, and worked out the
Opinions on High-quality Development of Retail Banking Through Bank-wide Transformation and Upgrading. It put forward
the 2020-2023 retail doubling plan, according to which, the Bank will comprehensively deepen and speed up the digital
transformation from two dimensions of organizational reform and capability building to boost high-quality development of
retail banking.




2	Refers to personal customers with average daily AUM at the Bank between RMB500,000 (inclusive) and RMB6 million.




                                                                                                                      2019 Annual Report   57
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     3.3.1.6 Financial Technology and Information Technology
     During the reporting period, the Bank continued to increase investments in information technology infrastructures and
     accelerated the introduction and training of IT personnel. The total spending on IT recorded RMB4.894 billion. As at the
     end of the report period, there were 3,182 IT line personnel (excluding subsidiaries), accounting for 5.93% of the total
     employees of the Bank3, providing effective resources and intellectual guarantee for the business development and digital
     transformation of the Bank. To achieve IT-empowered business development, the Bank worked for business transformation
     via digitalization, and moved faster to introduce more talents and improve organization and process, continuously
     enhancing the ability of IT governance, IT innovative application & services and safe operation. To be specific, it put
     into operation a number of key products and systems in aspects of centralized operation, smart marketing, open banking,
     channel integration, Mobile Banking 6.0, inclusive finance, and opening of the wealth management subsidiary, and
     obtained level-3 certification for continuous delivery with its excellent performance in integration of R&D, operation and
     maintenance. It also accelerated the effort in business expansion in the fields of artificial intelligence and blockchain, and
     implemented more than 100 precise financial services via “AI+ data”. The Blockchain Trade Finance Alliance Platform
     initiated by the Bank had more than 20 bank members, with the on-chain transaction volume exceeding RMB100 billion.
     What’s more, intensive monitoring of bank-wide information systems, networks and computer rooms was realized; the
     service capability maturity of the data center reached the level of excellence; the overall operation of the systems was stable
     throughout the year; and the availability of major information systems and core networks hit a record high.

     During the reporting period, the Bank actively implemented the strategy of the financial sector on independent research and
     development of core systems, and promoted the integration of financial businesses with IT in innovative ways. StarCard,
     the new core system of the credit card business developed and designed independently by the Bank, was successfully put
     into operation on 26 October 2019. As the first new-generation credit card core business system with cloud architecture
     obtaining independent intellectual property right in China, the official launch of StarCard comprehensively improved
     the three-dimensional integration of “new services, new technologies and new management” and effectively increased and
     improved the financial product service supply of the Bank. During the reporting period, the Bank won the awards of “2019
     China Financial Technology Most Influential Award” and “2019 FinTech Star” for its StarCard and excellence in financial
     technology. By making full use of its technological advantages in innovation and independent research, the Bank will
     continue to improve its comprehensive financial service capability, focus on independent research and development of cloud
     platform and ecological cultivation and construction, and give full play to the strengths of new core systems in technology
     empowerment, to create a number of financial technology products with its own characteristics. Besides, as a response to
     the call of the financial technology strategy, the Bank will work with domestic benchmark enterprises and strive to make
     the independently-developed core financial information technologies better, stronger and more popular.

     The Bank actively promotes the application of financial
     technology in digital transformation of retail banking
     business and reshaping of retail banking development
     model to strengthen the core competitiveness. During
     the reporting period, the Bank continued to make strong
     moves in channel building, intelligent application, scenario
     expansion and payment innovation. In terms of channel
     building, to consolidate main customer service channels,
     Mobile Banking 6.0 was launched, where the online
     intelligent customer service and real-time intelligent
     recommendation service were upgraded and “Xin Miao
     Dai” (means CNCB instant loans), wealth management,
     intelligent collection and payment, information and other
     functions were added; and the module of municipal
     services developed together with 21 branches made debut
     and versions exclusive for private banking customers and
     elderly customers were released. In terms of intelligent
     applications, based on user behavior analysis system, the
     Bank enriched customer labels and improved the efficiency
     of precise customer marketing. The result has been that
     more than 100 million customer contacts were made as recommended by AI applications, and AUM of customers acquired
     through online marketing grew by more than RMB40 billion. The Bank also gave full play to its cloud marketing platform
     to implement digital management of content, customers and activities, and enhance fission-style customer acquisition
     efficiency with digital operation. In terms of scenario development, the Bank made use of the open bank technology
     to broaden the service boundary, and built the scenario-based ecosystems of life services such as health care and going
     abroad finance in cooperation with institutions in these sectors, providing customers with comprehensive “financial + non-
     financial” services. In terms of payment innovation, the Bank Launched “Xin Yin Zhi Hui” (means CNCB cross-border
     foreign exchange settlement)4, the first one-stop cross-border bank collection platform in China, providing safe, efficient
     and low-cost service of foreign exchange settlement for retail export funds of domestic cross-border e-commerce merchants.


     3	As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank (excluding subsidiaries) had 53,703 employees.
     4	The Bank’s one-step cross-border collection platform providing domestic e-commerce merchants with the service of collection and settlement of cross-border e-commerce
              export funds. The main functions include merchant registration, real-name authentication, overseas collection account service, cash withdrawal in foreign exchange
              settlement and user data analysis, supporting withdrawal with all accounts opened at commercial banks of China. It features safety, efficiency and low cost.




58   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                       Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




3.3.2 Corporate Banking Business
The Bank’s corporate banking business followed the general principle of pursuing progress while ensuring stability and
improving business transformation, taking the initiative and pursuing practical results in such aspects as advancing business
transformation, expanding market, consolidating business foundation, refining business structure and highlighting business
features. During the reporting period, the Bank achieved effective transformation of the corporate banking business with
a sound development momentum, enhanced business vitality, and improved development ability, with main business
indicators better than the same period of the previous year.

The Bank explored more about how it could provide better services to core enterprises, endeavored to develop customers
at upstream and downstream, and leveraged customer transaction chain, fund chain and equity chain to acquire customers
in batches and achieved high-quality increase of corporate customers. In terms of quantity growth, the Bank strengthened
customer expansion, and focused on building the multi-dimensional customer acquisition channels to win batches of high-
quality customers. In terms of quality improvement, the Bank took the advantages of high-quality products and precision
marketing to continue to increase transaction activities and enhance the existing customer stickiness. At the same time, the
Bank stepped up the building of the marketing service system for base corporate customer groups, basically set up a team
of managers for corporate customers without loans, and improved and optimized the new corporate customer relationship
management system.

The Bank realized RMB88.420 billion net operating income from its corporate banking business for the reporting
period, an increase of 7.01% over last year, representing 49.61% of its total net operating income. This amount included
RMB14.080 billion net non-interest income from corporate banking, representing 24.24% of the Bank’s total net non-
interest income.

3.3.2.1 Corporate Customer Management                                                                                Corporate Customers
During the reporting period, the Bank achieved good results in
managing its strategic customers and institutional customers. As at the                                   Unit: accounts
end of the reporting period, the Bank recorded 742,700 accounts of                                                              17.91%
corporate customers in total, an increase of 112,900 accounts over the
end of the previous year. This number included 178,800 accounts of                                                                      742,700
base corporate customers5, an increase of 15,500 accounts over the end
of the previous year, and 113,000 accounts of effective customers6, an                                                  629,900
increase of 4,393 accounts over the end of the previous year.

Management of Strategic Customers
The Bank accelerated the integrated management of strategic customers.
The customer departments took the lead in customizing differentiated
comprehensive financial solutions for strategic customers at the Head
Office level and branch level and provided “quality service, preferential
price and preferential treatment”, thus deepening the comprehensive
cooperation with a number of key strategic group customers and
strongly supporting the development of leading enterprises in the pillar
industries in economy. The Bank pursued chain marketing toward
strategic customers. Comprehensive services, bulk customer acquisition                End of 2018   End of 2019
and cross-marketing were carried out around strategic customers and
enterprises in ecosystem such as the industrial chain and fund chain, which effectively enhanced the overall contribution
of strategic customers and supported the development of a large number of SMEs in the strategic customer ecosystem.
Through in-depth industrial specialized marketing, the Bank fostered specialized management teams for internet, equipment
manufacturing, automobile, construction and other fields, provided tailor-made comprehensive solutions for specific
industries and explored new “big single product” for the industry to further improved the industrial specialized service for
customers from key industries.

During the reporting period, the Bank’s daily average balance of deposits from strategic customers stood at RMB982.531
billion7, an increase of 13.18% over the previous year; and operating income reached RMB29.899 billion, an increase of 7.10%
over the previous year. As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank’s balance of loans to strategic customers stood at
RMB768.420 billion, an increase of 10.60% over the end of previous year, showing good overall loan quality.

5	Refers to corporate customers with daily average deposit of RMB100,000 and above.
6	Refers to corporate customers with daily average deposit of RMB500,000 and above.
7	Balance of deposits, operating income and balance of loans of strategic customers are counted according to the list of strategic customers adjusted and confirmed
         by the Bank. To boost data comparability, relevant growth rates are adjusted according to changes in the scope of customers.




                                                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report           59
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Management of Institutional Customers
     The Bank unleashed its distinctive strengths in institutional
     business, deepened its customer system, product system,
     marketing management system and team building
     system, and focused on two major tasks of marketing
     and management based on its credit resources, financial
     resources and human resources to win initial success of
     CITIC Bank as a government financial service brand.
     Following the “2-3-4” 8 operating philosophy, the Bank
     built a comprehensive “9-4-1” 9 institutional business
     operation system. Riding on the development opportunities
     available from “Internet + Government” and inclusive
     finance, the Bank pushed forward products including
     “Party Dues Connect” and the “Smart Payment”
     platform for education and “Tobacco ePayment” and
     expanded the coverage of products, offering payment
     management and other comprehensive financial services
     to institutional customers and the general public these customers serve, which effectively enhanced customer stickiness.
     During the reporting period, the Bank further deepened cooperation with institutional customers at all levels. The Bank
     signed the Cooperation Agreement on Veterans Services with the Ministry of Veterans Affairs, the strategic partnership
     agreement with China Tobacco and Harbin Institute of Technology and the memorandum of cooperation with GACC
     (General Administration of Customs People’s Republic of China), entered into strategic cooperation agreements with local
     governments of Urumqi, Hangzhou, Fuzhou, etc. and secured important qualifications and accounts in a wide spectrum of
     fields, including public finance, social security, tobacco, housing and medical insurance.

     As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank recorded 37,100 accounts of institutional customers10 of various types
     and RMB368.892 billion balance of loans for these customers, an increase of 18.27% over the end of the previous year.
     Such loans were mainly invested in urban construction, land and housing, transportation, and education, science, culture
     and health. The Bank’s institutional customers had a 0.37% NPL ratio and recorded good asset quality in the overall
     sense. During the reporting period, the institutional customers registered RMB1,103.087 billion daily average deposits,
     an increase of 1.93% over last year. The integrated platform for institutional business and asset management set by the
     Bank facilitated RMB55.687 billion of urban investment bonds, which further improved the image of CITIC Bank as a
     government financial service brand.

     3.3.2.2 Corporate Deposit Business
     The Bank stuck to pursue progress amid stability, and exerted every effort to advance its corporate banking transformation,
     deepen the integrated customer management and develop transaction banking, thus realizing the steady growth of corporate
     deposits. During the reporting period, the Bank continued to lead the joint-stock banks in terms of the total amount of
     corporate deposits. Its period-end balance of corporate deposits exceeded RMB3 trillion to reach RMB3,041.330 billion, an
     increase of RMB266.455 billion over the end of last year; its daily average balance stood at RMB2.94 trillion, an increase
     of RMB170.754 billion over last year. As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank’s balance of structured deposits
     accounted for 9.35% of the total, a relatively low level among joint-stock banks. The cost rate of its corporate deposits
     was 2.04%, up by 0.15 percentage point compared with the end of last year. Against the backdrop a general rise in market
     interest rates, the Bank managed and controlled its cost of corporate deposits effectively.

     3.3.2.3 Corporate Loan Business
     In response to the national development strategies, the Bank made concerted effort to support the private sectors and
     the real economy, and focused on refining business structure, highlighting business features and consolidating business
     foundation. As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank’s balance of corporate loans (excluding discounted loans) stood
     at RMB1,774.645 billion, an increase of RMB97.950 billion or 5.84% over the end of previous year; average interest rate
     of existing corporate loans (excluding discounted loans and overdue loans) was 5.54%.

     As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of loans to those industries in the support categories such as the
     business services, public utility management, railway and road transportation and pharmaceutical sectors increased by a
     combined amount of RMB85.032 billion over the end of the previous year. In contrast, industries in the “strict control”,
     “reduce” and “exit” categories such as the low-end manufacturing and over-capacity sectors recorded a combined decline of
     RMB4.603 billion compared with the end of the previous year. The mix of corporate loans was further optimized.


     8	“2” stands for fund flows and business flows; “3” stands for systematic, specialized and IT-assisted; “4” means the four principles of following 2 flows, building
              systems, seizing nodes and delivering comprehensive services.
     9	“9” means nine vertical business systems, i.e. public finance and taxation, social security and civil affairs, state-owned land and housing, military, customs and
              judicial, education and scientific research, medical and health, tobacco and utilities, culture and tourism, platform and transport; “4” means four horizontal
              segments, i.e. accounts, customers, funds and means; “1” means one core, i.e. the public finance and taxation system.
     10	Due to its needs for management of corporate customers, the Bank reclassified the existing institutional customers and made corresponding regressive calculation
              of the beginning base figures.




60   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




3.3.2.4 Key Corporate Businesses
Transaction Banking Business
The Bank regarded the transaction banking as an important pivot for the transformation of the corporate business,
established the Transaction Banking Department, and vigorously developed the transaction banking business. Combined
with the development trend of providing online corporate business, the Bank continued to improve the corporate electronic
channels and launched a new version of corporate Mobile Banking APP to meet the need of mobile financial services
of SMEs. It built a corporate online financing platform to gradually shift business from the traditional offline model to
a technology-driven online model, effectively solve the financing problems of upstream and downstream SMEs in the
supply chain, and better serve the real economy. Besides, the Bank promoted the innovative research and development of
payment and settlement products targeted at the field with frequent customer transaction activities to effectively meet the
needs of customers, winning favorable response in the market. It set expert telephone service representatives and the online
banking evaluation center for quick respond to customer, and adopted agile and iterative development to improve the
channel system and significantly improve customer experience. During the reporting period, the Bank won the 2019 “Best
Corporate Internet Banking Innovation Award” from the China Financial Certification Center (CFCA).

As a “big single product” of corporate banking of the Bank, auto
finance has remained a market leader since the Bank introduced the            Customers of transaction banking
business in 2000 as the first to do so in the industry. As at the end
of the reporting period, the Bank’s auto finance business recorded            Unit: accounts
cumulative loans of RMB301.017 billion to 4,150 auto business                                    33.58%
partners. The balance of outstanding financing was RMB104.951
billion with an overdue advance ratio of merely 0.06%. The asset                                        607,000
quality maintained in good condition. During the reporting period,
the Bank’s auto finance business won it the honors of “Enterprise
for Innovative Financial Services” and “Best Bank for Auto Financial                       454,400
Services” for the sixth consecutive year in the selection of “China Auto
Golden Engine Awards” by the China Automobile Dealers Association
and 21st Century Business Herald.

As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank recorded 607,000
accounts of customers in transaction banking, a growth of 152,600
accounts or 33.58% over the end of the previous year. During the
reporting period, transaction banking completed 97.2114 million
transactions, an increase of 21.6435 million or 28.64% over last year.
The transaction amount recorded RMB64.70 trillion.
                                                                                         End of 2018   End of 2019
Investment Banking Business
The Bank took investment banking business as an important pillar for implementing the strategy on becoming the
company offering the best comprehensive financial services, made every effort to consolidate the traditional advantages of
investment banking business and continued to launch innovative products. It vigorously developed such businesses and
products as bond underwriting, M&A financing, syndicated loans, and equity financing. As a result, its investment banking
maintained a relatively fast pace of development.

During the reporting period, the Bank successfully assisted a group of M&A projects that supported the development
of the real economy and served the supply-side structural reform through M&A financing. By virtue of the outstanding
performance of the syndicated loan business and its prominent influence in the syndicated loan market, the Bank was
awarded the “Best Management Bank” for syndicated loans by the China Banking Association in 2019. The Bank
continued to pursue innovation-driven development. It issued the first 20-year Medium-term Note (MTN) on the market,
setting a record for the longest maturity of debt financing instruments. It also underwrote several green MTNs to effectively
guide proceeds raised by bond issuance to support designated fields of the real economy.

During the reporting period, the Bank’s investment banking achieved RMB9.678 billion business income, up by 7.44%
over the previous year. It underwrote 641 debt financing instruments totaling RMB440.868 billion in amount, ranking
3th11 and 5th12 as for the number of instruments and the value respectively.


11	Ranking based on Wind Info data.
12	Ranking based on Wind Info data.




                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report    61
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     International Business
     The Bank’s international business adhered to their original mandate of serving the real economy and maintained a steady
     growth. The balance of assets on the FT account13 broke the RMB10 billion mark, an increase of 90% year on year, and
     fee-based business income and operating income doubled year on year. The Bank made many electronic innovations,
     with its blockchain forfaiting platform becoming the largest blockchain trade finance platform in the domestic banking
     industry its “settlement plus” innovation with CITIC aiBank carried out, and the first online settlement system of “market
     procurement trading” in China launched. What’s more, the Bank provide onshore guarantees for offshore loans portfolio
     products and services to a number of rail transportation, manufacturing and pharmaceutical customers, with an increase
     of over 370% in transaction volume year on year. It implemented multiple Belt and Road Initiative export credit projects,
     with the balance of asset of RMB3.141 billion at the end of last year and the reserve amount for projects exceeding USD5
     billion.

     During the reporting period, the Bank’s forex purchase and sale recorded USD138.630 billion; its forex receipts and
     payments for international balance of payments registered USD237.462 billion, about same as last year. Its cross-border
     Renminbi receipts and payments amounted to RMB325.413 billion, a year-on-year increase of 9.76%. The Bank’s forex
     purchase and sale, forex receipts and payments for international balance of payments and cross-border Renminbi receipts
     and payments continued to be in the forefront of joint-stock banks.

     Asset Custody Business
     The Bank implemented the requirement of “vigorously developing the custody business” laid down in the 2018-2020
     development plan. During the reporting period, the Bank pushed ahead key products including mutual funds, matchmaking
     business and occupational annuities. The Bank ranked among the top few banks in the custody scale of mutual funds,
     seeing further improvements in the asset custody business’ value contribution to the corporate banking segment. During
     the reporting period, the Bank won the “Custodian Bank of the Year” from The Asian Banker, the only recipient of the
     international award among joint-stock banks.

     The comprehensive value contribution of the Bank’s custody business continued to increase. As a typical “asset light, capital
     light and cost light” business and an important component of the Bank’s green non-interest income, the Bank realized
     RMB3.106 billion of income from custody business during the reporting period, ranking second14 among all joint-stock
     banks, and accounting for a stable percentage of its fee-based income. The custody scale broke the RMB9 trillion mark and
     rose to RMB9.14 trillion, up by RMB697.958 billion and 8.28% over the end of last year. The custody accounts continued
     to beef up deposit growth, recording an average daily balance of RMB300.152 billion, of which the average daily balance
     of general deposits on the custody accounts was RMB101.863 billion. During the reporting period, the Bank made all-out
     marketing and successfully won the bid for the custodianship of the occupational annuity plans of the central government
     organs and institutions and 25 provincial-level administrative regions. It has launched 14 occupational annuity plans with a
     custody scale of RMB25.427 billion.




     13	Namely free trade account, which refers to the local and foreign currency account following uniform rules and opened by financial institutions under the free
              trade accounting unit according to the needs of customers.
     14	According to the statistics released by the China Banking Association.




62   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                       Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




Inclusive Finance Business
By fully implementing policies and plans made by the CPC Central
Committee and the State Council and actively implementing the policy
requirements of regulators such as PBOC and CBIRC, the Bank did a
good job in risk prevention and control while granting more inclusive
financial loans.

During the reporting period, by adhering to the development philosophy
of being “humane, mission-driven, considerate and benevolent” for
inclusive finance, the Bank continued to improve the institutional
arrangements for such business development, build a “value inclusive”
system and expand the scope of outlets to set up inclusive finance
departments in 20 key branches. Meanwhile, the Bank improved the
inclusive financial development model. It implemented the integration of
inclusive finance “policy, process, product, system, risk and brand” in the
Head Office, and the centralized operation and management including
“review, approval, disbursement and post-lending” in branches, and set up
professional teams such as customer managers. The Bank developed a series
of standardized products based on the characteristics of micro and small
enterprises as well as real scenarios and real use, and created a business
model of “core enterprise + upstream and downstream + ecosystem”
relying on its advantages in large customers. It built an online customer service channel system, developed supply chain
financial products such as “Chain e-Loan, Government e-Loan, Bill e-Loan”, as well as “Logistics e-Loan” with support
of financial technology, which is the first such product in the industry and it takes only 5 minutes from loan application
to granting. The Bank promoted products including loan renewal without repayment of principal, medium and long-
term loans, revolving credit and installment repayment to solve the loan renewal difficulties of micro and small enterprises.
Besides, the Bank strengthened the Party building and leadership, formulated an integration plan of “Party building +
inclusive finance”, fed micro and small enterprises with policy dividends, equipped them with bonuses, fees and subsidies,
and continuously improved the weight of performance appraisal to actively support business development.

In terms of risk management and control, the Bank balanced the relationship between business development and risk
management and control according to regulatory requirements and its own circumstance, and built an inclusive finance
risk management system with CITIC Bank’s characteristics. Leveraging financial technology such as blockchain, cloud
computing and face recognition, integrated multi-dimensional big data such as “micro and small enterprises + micro
and small business owners” and “basic data + behavioral data + transaction data”, the Bank researched and developed
the automated review and approval model and intelligent risk control system to refine loan management, strengthen the
monitoring over the flow of loan funds, clarify the risk tolerance requirements and implement the due diligence policy,
leading to the effective control over risks.

As of the end of reporting period, the balance of inclusive finance loans meeting the assessment requirement of CBIRC15
reached RMB204.255 billion, an increase of RMB67.902 billion over the end of the previous year. The number of
customers with outstanding loans was 113,300, an increase of 31,200 from the end of the previous year. Both the NPL
balance and NPL ratio of inclusive finance loans decreased, and the NPL ratio was lower than the overall NPL ratio
of the Bank; the loan interest dropped amid stability and achieved positive results in response to the difficulties and
high costs of financing of small and micro enterprises. The Bank’s balance of inclusive finance loans in line with the
assessment requirements of PBOC on targeted RRR (Deposit Reserve Ratio) cuts16 was RMB225.277 billion, an increase of
RMB76.321 billion or over 50% from the end of the previous year, an incremental value accounting for 20% of the Bank’s
new loans, which met the assessment standard of PBOC that “the deposit reserve ratio shall be lowered by 1.5 percentage
points on the basis of the required deposit reserve ratio benchmark”.




15	Refer to the loans for small enterprises, micro enterprises, individual businesses, and small and micro business owners, with the total single-account credit amount
         of RMB10 million or below.
16	Refer to the small and micro enterprise loans, operating loans for private businesses and small and micro business owners, production and operation loans for
         farmers, startup guarantee loans, consumer loans for impoverished people with established poverty files and cards, and student loans, with the single-account
         credit amount of less than RMB10 million.




                                                                                                                                              2019 Annual Report           63
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     3.3.3 Retail Banking Business
     During the reporting period, in response to internal and external economic and financial situations such as deepening
     financial reform and opening-up, accelerated integration of financial technology and citizens’ rising awareness of wealth
     management, the Bank spared no efforts in the development of retail banking business and enhanced the adaptation
     among customers, products and channels through improving channel capabilities, expanding customer base, strengthening
     product driving model and bettering service experience and relying on its digital capacity building. What’s more, the Bank
     strategically developed the two ecosystems of ageing finance and going abroad finance, pushed forward agency payroll
     service through coordination between retail and corporate banking, and developing new approaches to acquire customers
     through mobile channels and platforms. It made continuous efforts to develop unique products such as Xinjin Bao, robo-
     advisor, family trust, carte blanche asset management, mobile banking and credit card, and prioritized the advancement of
     three major business areas, i.e., asset business, wealth management and payment settlement. With the support of big data
     and precision marketing technology, the Bank sustained relatively fast growth of its retail banking business while constantly
     upgrading customer management and service experience.
     During the reporting period, the Bank realized RM68.840 billion net operating income from retail banking, an increase of
     24.38% over last year, accounting for 38.63% of its total net operating income. Of this amount, RMB38.780 billion was
     net non-interest income, up by 36.51% from last year, taking up 66.75% of the Bank’s total net non-interest income, an
     increase of 10.01 percentage points over prior year.

     3.3.3.1 Retail Customer Management
     Placing equal importance on acquisition of new customers and                                    Net non-interest income of
     maintenance of existing ones, stressing both stratified and grouped                              retail banking business
     management of customers, the Bank improved its retail customer
     management system and achieved breakthrough growth in the number                           Unit: RMB100 million
     of retail customers. As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank                                          36.51%
     recorded 102.2015 million accounts of retail customers, a growth of
     15.72% over the end of the previous year; and 890,000 accounts of
     medium-to-high-end customers17, representing a growth of 21.10%                                                   387.80
     over the end of the previous year.
     The Bank provided comprehensive financial and non-financial
                                                                                           284.08
     services relying on ecological scenarios to key customer groups such
     as going abroad customers, elderly customers and female customers,
     strengthening the brand image of a retail bank “with a human touch”.
     For going abroad customers, the Bank built a going abroad financial
     ecosystem integrating “online + offline” an “financial + non-financial”
     services. Through the ecosystem, the Bank met all financial needs of
     different types of customers before, during and after overseas travel,
     study and business, provided cross-border remittance for overseas study
     and UK visa application, developed an exclusive “CITIC Global Visa
     Application” mini APP, and offered the latest information, services
     and rights and interests to members of “CITIC Horizon” going abroad
     finance club. Aimed at female customers (the actual controller of family
                                                                                            2018           2019
     wealth), the Bank established an offline female salon activity system
     represented by the “Youth of Wealth Intelligence”, and launched the “Lipstick Wealth” marketing campaign online. As at
     the end of the reporting period, the Bank’s going abroad customers registered 6.6878 million, an increase of 18.09% over
     the end of the previous year, and the number of female customers was 16.1335 million, an increase of 20.53% over the
     end of the previous year.




     17	Refers to customers each having at least RMB500,000 daily average AUM with the Bank.

64   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                   Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




During the reporting period, the Bank further strengthened
the management of elderly customers. Putting great efforts
in ageing finance and non-financial services and based on
the comprehensive financial platforms consisting of bank,
trust, securities and insurance under CITIC Group, the
Bank improved the six major featured services for the
elderly, covering finance, health, learning, entertainment,
tourism, spiritual and cultural life. Meanwhile, the Bank
became the first bank in China to launch financial products
such as the credit card for the elderly up to 70 years old
and deposits with interest withdrawn monthly to help the
elderly realize the preservation, increase and inheritance of
wealth, and ensured people’s access to elderly care. It was
also the first bank to introduce Health Bank featuring 24/7
family doctor services, thus ensuring the elderly’s access
to medical services. Cooperating with China National
Committee on Ageing, the Bank published the Financial
Knowledge Manual for the Elderly, the first of its kind in China, developed more than 20 sessions of intelligent life courses
and organized 10,000 classes for the elderly, ensuring the elderly’s access to learning. Meanwhile, the Bank organized
colorful talent contest for the elderly to ensure their access to entertainment, and ensured the elderly’s access to tourism
by leveraging its 20 years’ experience in going abroad finance. In addition, the Bank launched the happy life version of
its Mobile Banking APP for the elderly where they can enjoy mobile financial services without the help of reading glasses.
It also regularly delivered “three-kilometer ecosystem” discount services of nearby merchants to the elderly, ensuring their
access to financial preferences. As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank had 13.7621 million elderly customers, an
increase of 17.85% over the end of the previous year.
The Bank continued to strengthen its mechanism for interaction between corporate and retail banking businesses, launched
“Easy Salary” open agency payroll platform where it upgraded the process for agency payroll service and connected to
leading enterprises including Tencent Cloud, FESCO18 and SF Express. As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank
recorded 5.4102 million valid accounts of customers receiving its agency salary payments, up by 10.54% over the end of
the previous year; and registered RMB228.721 billion retail AUM for these customers, up by 11.53% over the end of the
previous year. During the reporting period, the Bank acquired 3,523 accounts of new base corporate customers through
retail banking.

3.3.3.2 Personal Deposit Business
Starting from customer needs and experience, the Bank focused its efforts on product sale, marketing promotion and channel
expansion, and pushed for the growth of personal deposits by multiple measures. In terms of product design, the Bank
improved and launched new product functions to drive the growth of deposits. It continuously upgraded the functions of
liability products, and launched structured deposit transfer, dual-currency portfolio plan and other key products, so as to
offer better asset allocation plans for customers and solve their liquidity needs. Besides, it continued to launch innovative
products sold based on scenarios, such as online certificates of deposits for going abroad financial customers and E-commerce
Manager for e-commerce platforms, meeting customer needs under different scenarios. In terms of marketing promotion,
the Bank implemented refined management and strengthened process management and control. Through integrating
scenarios, products and marketing, the Bank enhanced customer deposit precipitation arising from fission-style customer
acquisition, industry-wide customer acquisition, credit card conversion, going abroad finance, agency payroll and payment
and settlement, and thus drove deposits growth in scale. As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank’s balance of personal
deposits registered RMB749.022 billion, an increase of 26.93% over the end of the previous year.

3.3.3.3 Personal Loan Business
In active response to the policy orientation of the government, the Bank vigorously supported the development of real
economy and private economy, facilitated the residents’ consumption upgrade, and achieved coordinated development
of personal loan business in terms of profitability, quality and scale. What’s more, the Bank continued to promote the
standardized and intensified development of all products and whole process of personal loan business, built a strong system
support, optimized the processes and functions of basic products such as mortgage, unsecured and pledged loans, explored
customer demands in depth, and provided all-round financing services focusing on real scenarios and purposes. In terms of
personal business loans, the Bank improved its product policies, specified operating standards, improved credit-extending
functions, and adopted diversified credit-extending methods, thereby improving the convenience of customers’ fund using,
and facilitating the development of the small and micro real economy. In terms of online unsecured loans, the Bank built a
layered review and approval system, explored the model of centralized accounting management for the business, improved
the anti-fraud model, and continuously promoted the development of standardized “Xin Miao Dai” (means CNCB instant
loans), providing customers with easy access to online loan services.
As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of personal loans (excluding credit cards) of the Bank was RMB1,177.743
billion, an increase of RMB161.259 billion or 15.86% over the end of the previous year. The Bank continued to grant
personal housing loans in accordance with the real estate regulation and control requirements of governments at all levels
in China. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of such loans reached RMB760.246 billion, an increase of
RMB131.031 billion or 20.82% over the end of the previous year.

18	Beijing Foreign Enterprise Human Resources Service Co., Ltd.



                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report     65
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     3.3.3.4 Key Businesses of Retail Banking
     Wealth Management Business
     The Bank strengthened customer relationship and expanded its wealth management business in response to market changes
     and in line with customer needs. In terms of wealth management, the Bank implemented the New Regulations on Asset
     Management and achieved obvious results in the transformation towards NAV products. As at the end of the reporting
     period, the Bank realized a 32.39% growth in the scale of existing NAV personal wealth management products over the
     end of the previous period. In terms of agency fund sale, in line with the market conditions, the Bank vigorously promoted
     the sale of money enhancement and fixed income enhancement products, achieving a 341.93% increase in the sale of non-
     monetary funds compared with the previous year. At the same time, the Bank improved its intelligent advisory service “CITIC
     Robo-Advisor”19 to deliver self-built portfolios, smart Q&A and intelligent co-investment, and outperformed benchmark
     indices on the market in terms of the portfolio yield in the reporting period. In terms of agency insurance, the sales volume
     of risk protection and long-term savings insurance increased by 62.36% over the previous year and the business structure
     was further optimized in line with the regulatory requirements for the transformation aiming at “returning to the basics”.

     As at the end of the reporting period, retail customers of the Bank recorded total AUM balance of RMB2,105.283 billion
     and an AUM balance of RMB1,022.079 billion for VIP retail customers at the Bank, an increase of 17.85% and 20.82%
     over the previous year, respectively. During the reporting period, daily average AUM balance stood at 1,975.823 billion, up
     by 17.06% compared with last year.

     Private Banking Business
     Aiming at “value creation together” and dedicated to building a “good
     taste, high-quality and strong brand” private banking service system,
     the Bank endeavored to enhance its capabilities for demand analysis
     and guidance, value creation and customer relationship marketing and
     management. By strengthening the optimization of resource allocation,
     relying on CITIC Group’s resource advantages, and focusing on
     refined management and specialized operation, the Bank realized the
     transformation from single product sales to integrated financial services,
     from customer demand satisfaction to customer demand creation, from
     extensive operation to customer value enhancement, and from multi-
     position customer management to an exclusive “specialized, professional
     and knowledge-based” private banking marketing service team. Through
     these efforts, the Bank was able to provide customers with comprehensive
     financial services at three levels of “individual + family + enterprise” and
     held up to the brand proposition of “guarding the warmth of inheritance
     with good faith”. During the reporting period, the private banking
     segment improved its capability for comprehensive customer management,
     integrated resources and provided customized services by introducing
     taxation and law firm experts, and the sales volume of two products of
     family trust and carte blanche private banking doubled, continuing to
     release customer value contribution.

     As at the end of the reporting period, the accounts of private banking customers of the Bank exceeded 40,000 to
     stand at 41,900, representing an increase of 8,119 or 24.02% over the end of the previous year, and the AUM reached
     RMB573.905 billion, up by RMB104.534 billion or 22.27% over the end of the previous year. The Bank recorded
     RMB258.171 billion of NAV private banking products, an increase of 149.69%. During the reporting period, the
     Bank’s private banking products raised RMB2.86 trillion fund and RMB2.337 billion’s capital-light income was realized,
     accounting for 29.98% of the income from light capital business of retail banking.




     19	“CITIC Robo-Advisor” is a one-click personal wealth solution of the Bank that integrates data analysis, quantitative analysis of quantitative models and
             qualitative research results of expert teams. It selects premium funds from the entire market of public offering funds to build investment portfolios. Through
             smart analysis of users’ customer portraits, “CITIC Robo-Advisor” accurately recommends fund portfolios, tracks market trends in real time and provides user
             portfolios with diagnostic analysis and dynamic rebalancing services.




66   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




Credit Card Business
The Bank accelerated the normalized scenario expansion as well as the
integration and innovation of scenarios, and moved faster to build a
cross-industry cooperation system. During the reporting period, the
Bank joined hands with domestic and overseas heavyweight partners
such as Ctrip, Air China and VISA to provide customers with one-
stop services covering the whole process of a trip ranging from air
ticket booking, hotel reservation to visa application, and built a
closed-loop business trip scenario of “CITIC Ecosystem”. It also
joined the pan-entertainment brand China Literature to explore the
marketing model among fans, develop the fan economy by relying
on the influence of writers registered at China Literature, and
expand the influence of CITIC brand in cultural and entertainment
scenarios. What’s more, the Bank continuously deepened the business
cooperation with internet enterprises such as Tencent and Alibaba,
issued Tencent-WeChat co-branded card and Tencent Video co-brand
card jointly with Tencent, and issued Fliggy co-branded card with the
fliggy.com platform under Alibaba. Therefore, based on quality internet scenarios, the Bank further enriched the product
system of online co-branded cards and improved its online customer acquisition and management capabilities.

The Bank continued to improve the layout of Mobile Card Space APP and new media platform. During the reporting
period, the Bank newly released Version 6.0 of the Mobile Card Space APP, adding new features of “personalized services”,
“real-time pushing of account information” and “intelligent voice-based service handling”, and hence improving user
experience. Focusing on high-frequency life scenarios such as “eating, clothing, leisure, entertainment and purchasing”
and in response to all-round consumption needs of all internet users, the Bank created an open “financial + non-financial”
comprehensive service ecosystem, which effectively drove the monthly growth of active customers. In addition, based on
forward-looking research, the Bank sped up the layout of new media platforms, actively explored new operation models and
completed the matrix layout with “Alipay Service Account and Small APP” as the core supplemented by “short video, micro
blog and community”, resulting in growing fan scale and securing the Bank’s position among the top rank in the industry.

Under the premise of compliant operation and risk prevention and
control, and focusing on consumption as the original source of business        Number of credit cards issued
growth, the Bank strictly implemented regulatory provisions, explored
consumption scenarios, and continuously promoted the upgrading               Unit: 10 thousand
and transformation of installment business structure. During the                                 24.26%
reporting period, the Bank improved the product system of credit card
installment business, developed and launched the new product “Merchant                                 8,332.50
Scenario Installment”, and devoted itself to providing customers with
seamless high-quality financial services based on customer consumption.
Valuing customer experience, the Bank paid attention to product                           6,705.69
functions, marketing activities and channels and adopted intelligent
and refined means to provide customers with high-quality interactive
experience, thereby fully protecting customers’ rights and interests, and
creating value for customers. At the same time, the Bank continuously
improved the structure adjustment strategy for credit card customer
group, and devoted itself to introducing medium- and high-value,
medium- and low-risk customer groups such as asset customers with
housing and cars, business travel customers and high-quality young
customers. During the reporting period, the Bank established a digital
marketing system to realize refined and differentiated marketing, which
helped adjust the risk control and value enhancement of new customers.
                                                                                        End of 2018   End of 2019
As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank issued a cumulatively
83.3250 million credit cards, an increase of 24.26% over the end of the previous year, and recorded RMB514.250 billion
balance of credit card loans, a growth of 16.33% over the end of the previous year. During the reporting period, the Bank’s
credit card transaction volume was RMB2,561.395 billion, an increase of 23.05% over last year; it realized RMB60.509
billion income from credit card business, a growth of 31.47% over the previous year. In addition, the Bank actively
promoted credit card asset-backed securitization (ABS) business, and cumulatively issued RMB3.052 billion credit card
installment ABS products during the reporting period. It also disposed of RMB2.545 billion principal of credit card non-
performing assets through non-performing asset ABS, effectively accelerating asset turnover.




                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report   67
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Going Abroad Financial Services
     Going abroad finance is a unique single product of the Bank’s retail banking business with a history of over 20 years and
     a track record of serving going-abroad customers by more than 22 million person-times. Thanks to continuing business
     expansion, the Bank is now the authoritative financial institution in partnership with the embassies of 9 countries (including
     the USA, the UK, Australia and Singapore) for provision of visa services. The Bank has developed a system of products
     in four major categories, i.e., foreign currency liabilities and wealth management, cross-border settlement, visa, and credit
     certification.

     During the reporting period, the Bank improved and enriched the products and benefits of its online going abroad financial
     services platform pursuant to its goal of becoming an leading service provider in personal foreign exchange business. In
     particular, the Bank launched products and services including “Overseas Study Remittance” for cross-border remittance
     and online reservation for foreign currencies, and continued to improve its competitive products and processes such as
     customized foreign currency deposits, and personal foreign exchange purchase and sale while it enhanced the compliance
     in its foreign exchange business. The Bank introduced the UK visa visiting service, and organized 239 activities, handling
     visa application for 16,900 person-times. It also held events together with the Italian Embassy in China to launch featured
     multi-entrance and multi-year visa service and Italian visa visiting service, further consolidating its professional authority
     and advantages in going abroad financial services. In addition, the Bank stepped up building of its going abroad financial
     services team, improved the professional competence of the 2,000 professionals engaged in going abroad financial services
     and personal foreign exchange business, and built a strong team of 400 well-rounded international planners.

     As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank recorded 6.6878 million accounts of customers using its going abroad
     financial services, up by 18.09% over the prior year, and the corresponding balance of personal foreign currency deposits
     with the Bank reached USD5.609 billion, up by 8.09% over the end of the previous year.

     3.3.3.5 Consumer Rights Protection and Service Quality Management
     During the reporting period, the Bank was committed to a people-centered development philosophy, and shouldered
     its responsibilities. It continuously strengthened the building of system and mechanism for consumer right protection,
     regularly reviewed and supervised measures and procedures for implementation of consumer right protection, and
     reinforced the whole-process management and source control of all business links. In terms of organizational structure, the
     Head Office set up the Consumer Rights Protection Committee, with President of the Bank as the director and heads of
     27 tier-one departments as members. 37 tier-one branches have established tier-one consumer protection departments. At
     the same time, the Bank revised series policies including the Administrative Measures of CITIC Bank for Consumer Right
     Protection to provide the policy guarantee for the integration of consumer right protection into corporate governance, the
     implementation of departments’ responsibilities, the strengthening of decision execution and supervision mechanism, the
     establishment of review mechanism, and the improvement of information disclosure.

     In term of complaint management, the Bank continuously
     improved the closed-loop management system of “complaint
     handling – bottlenecks targeting – problem solving –
     improvement evaluating”, and complaints were recorded
     in the complaint system strictly in accordance with the
     complaint classification standard of The Announcement on
     the Implementation of Statistical Classification and Coding
     of Financial Consumer Complaints for Banking Institutions
     jointly issued by PBOC and CBIRC. Since 1 January 2020,
     the complaint classification data were submitted to the
     PBOC Head Office in real time. The Bank also upgraded
     the handling process, strengthened training and evaluation
     and improved complaint data analysis and application to
     achieve timely and effective complaint handling. During the
     reporting period, the timeliness ratio of first-call complaint handling at the Credit Card Center was 100.00%, enhancing
     customer experience and forging its retail brand with “a human touch”.

     In terms of financial knowledge dissemination, the Bank cooperated with PBOC, CBIRC and China Banking Association
     to carry out such activities as “‘March 15 Banking and Insurance Consumer Protection Awareness Week”, “Prevention
     Illegal Fundraising Awareness Month”, “Protecting Your Pockets with Financial Knowledge”, “Journey for Financial
     Knowledge” and “Financial Knowledge Education Month: Bring Financial Knowledge into Households, Being a Rational
     Investor and a Law-abiding Netizen”. During the reporting period, the Bank held more than 5,000 publicity activities and
     distributed over 3.5 million copies of publicity materials. Those activities were reported more than 120 times by media and
     more than 60,000 messages on them were sent through WeChat and Weibo with over 30 million views and over 6 million
     customers.



68   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                      Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




3.3.4 Financial markets business
During the reporting period, in the face of the severe economic environments at home and abroad, the Bank adhered to
the “asset-light, capital-light and cost-light” strategy in developing its financial market business, strengthened inter-segment
collaboration and intra-segment coordination, and achieved good operating results by seizing market opportunities. During
the reporting period, the Bank’s financial markets business segment recorded operating income of RMB18.110 billion, a
growth of 18.31% over last year, representing a 10.16% proportion in the Bank’s total operating income. Of this income
figure, non-interest income from financial markets business recorded RMB11.100 billion, an increase of 32.44% over last
year, accounting for 19.11% of the Bank’s total net non-interest income.

3.3.4.1 Interbank Business
In its interbank business, the Bank made active efforts to obtain the goals in the 2018-2020 development plan. Specifically,
the Bank made pre-judgement of the market situation in advance, captured market opportunities, deepened the
development of customer management system, actively adjusted the structure of existing assets, and increased the income
from incremental assets, thus realizing steady increase in its operating indicators. As at the end of the reporting period, the
Bank’s balance of financial interbank assets (including deposits and placements with banks) recorded RMB271.688 billion,
representing an increase of 22.21% over the end of the previous year; and its balance of financial interbank liabilities
(including deposits and placements from banks) amounted to RMB994.949 billion, an increase of 17.04% over the end of
the previous year.

Aiming to reduce the financing costs of enterprises, the Bank’s bill business segment accelerated product innovation and
the transformation of marketing service system by employing financial technology, so as to facilitate the development of
small and medium enterprises. Focusing on supply chain financial services, the Bank boost the development of inclusive
finance and further improved its quality and efficiency in serving the real economy. During the reporting period, the
Bank’s volume of bill discounting business reached RMB877.521 billion, up by 64.35% over the last year. The Bank’s self-
service electronic discounted bill products “Xin Miao Tie” and “Rapid Discount” recorded over 4,571 customers, with
more than RMB222.716 billion financed, becoming an important starting point for the Bank to support inclusive finance.
At the same time, the Bank employed re-discounting policy instruments to give full play to its role in providing targeted
financial services for small and medium enterprises. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Bank’s bill
assets amounted to RMB392.208 billion, representing an increase of 16.77% compared with the end of the previous year;
and the proportion of electronic bill business stood at 99.96%, representing an increase of 0.59 percentage point over the
end of last year.

The Bank continued to research and develop new products and optimize exiting functions of the “CITIC Interbank+”
platform, the key interbank financial service platform, resulting in constant improvements to customer experience. As at the
end of the reporting period, the platform had 1,981 accounts of interbank legal-person customers, an increase of 62.91%
over the end of the previous year.

3.3.4.2 Financial markets business
The Bank actively conducted money market transactions such as Renminbi interbank lending, borrowings and bond repos.
While pushing ahead with innovations in trading mechanism, the Bank strengthened cooperation with peer customers,
further broadened the financial channels, improved the operating results of short-term capital, and thus consolidated and
enhanced its position as a core dealer in the money market. During the reporting period, the Bank recorded a total volume
of money market transactions of RMB31.82 trillion, up by 45.29% over the previous year. At the same time, the Bank
fully leveraged active liability financing instruments such as interbank certificates of deposit. The Bank issued RMB536.710
billion interbank certificates of deposit leading the market.




                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report     69
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     The Bank offered pertinent and multi-layer exchange rate risk management solutions to meet customer needs for financing
     and value preservation, cross-border M&A, hedging forex receipt and payment, and management of Renminbi and foreign
     currency denominated assets and liabilities by its innovative exchange rate product portfolios including forex trading, spot
     and forward forex purchase and sale, swaps, options and others. Thus, the Bank helped customers achieve value preservation
     and appreciation of their forex assets. During the reporting period, the Bank completed USD13.86 trillion forex market
     making transactions, up by 2.67% from last year, and continued to be among the top ones in list of market makers on
     the interbank forex market. The Bank followed market trends, intensified band operation, flexibly adjusted the portfolio
     duration, and optimized the bond asset structure while increasing the spread income. It actively tapped the relative value
     change of different bonds, increased the percentage of RMB bonds with relatively low proportion of risk assets and foreign
     currency bonds with relatively high yields in portfolios, achieving the return on assets of the bonds and portfolios higher
     than the market and further securing the Bank’s position as a core market maker in the interbank interest rate market.

     The Bank continuously improved the structure of precious metal leasing business, actively supported gold-user entities, and
     further strengthened proprietary trading to promote the steady development of gold import business. During the reporting
     period, the Bank ranked sixth20 in the whole market in terms of gold inquiry and market making volume, and obtained the
     qualifications for gold bidding market maker of Shanghai Gold Exchange and the qualifications for the offshore RMB gold
     forward price curve quotations on the international board as the first batch, thereby further expanding its scope of precious
     metals market making.

     3.3.4.3 Asset Management Business
     During the reporting period, in active response to changes in the policy environment, the Bank steadily promoted the
     transformation of its asset management business as per the requirements in the New Regulations on Asset Management. On
     the product side, the Bank accurately grasped the wealth management needs of target customers, developed competitive
     public and private wealth management products enjoying good market, and built the differentiated competitiveness of
     products. On the investment side, the Bank built the industry-leading investment research platform in line with the tenet
     of “leading investment, exploring value, warning risks”, and continuously improved the return on the investment portfolio
     on the premise of making risks controllable, thereby creating greater value for investors.

     As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank’s existing scale of non-risk-bearing wealth management products recorded
     RMB1,103.292 billion, up by 19.24% from the end of the previous year, in which NAV products took up a proportion of
     59.47%. The products showed an overall healthy and stable profile, and created an income (excluding structured deposits)
     of RMB42.726 billion for customers. Due to the impact of provisioning of allowances for risk assets, the Bank’s wealth
     management business realized income of RMB1.145 billion for the reporting period.

     3.3.5 Comprehensive Financial Services
     The Bank gave full play to the unique advantages of CITIC Group in integrating finance with industry, and built its
     unique competitiveness by relying on the coordinated development strategy of CITIC Group. During the reporting period,
     the Bank’s business coordination continued to strengthen systematically, the brand effect continued to improve, and the
     comprehensive contribution value of the coordination platforms became increasingly prominent.

     In terms of CITIC group synergy, as at the end of the reporting period, the Bank successfully implemented 557
     coordinated projects with CITIC Securities, China Securities, CITIC Trust, CITIC Capital and other financial subsidiaries
     of CITIC Group. The financing products covered bond underwriting, equity investment, trust plan and financial leasing,
     and cumulatively provided joint financing of RMB640 billion for corporate customers, exceeding RMB600 billion for third
     consecutive year, thereby strongly supporting the development of the real economy.




     20	Based on data of Shanghai Gold Exchange.




70   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




In terms of regional coordination, under the guidance of the national development strategies, the Bank actively participated
in the construction of key projects in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, the Yangtze River Delta, and the Guangdong-
Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area. During the reporting period, the Bank won the bid to become the sole custodian
bank of Hebei Xiong’an Industrial Investment Guidance Fund as one of the firsts, and won the bid for the PPP21 project
of Nanjing “Chip City” technological innovation base. Besides, the Bank was successfully shortlisted in the first batch of
cooperative banks of the Guangdong-Macao Cooperation Development Fund, participated in key infrastructure projects
such as Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge and Huizhou-Daya Bay Expressway, and launched the first NRA22 foreign
currency financing business in Guangdong Province.

In terms of industrial and financial coordination, the Bank provided integrated solutions to meet customers’ diverse needs,
and leveraged the advantages of the “CITIC United Fleet” to explore a new cross-border coordination model. It assisted the
CITIC environment consortium in winning the first comprehensive treatment project of Baiyangdian Wetland in Xiong’an
New Area, actively participated in the construction of Pingtan as a pilot demonstration zone practicing “one country,
two systems”, and supported the construction of Hainan Free Trade Zone (Port) and the contracting of the strategic
cooperation agreement of Asia-Pacific financial town in Sanya.

3.3.6 Distribution Channels
3.3.6.1 Physical outlets
As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank had 1,401 outlets in 151
large and medium-sized cities in the Chinese mainland, including 37 tier-
one branches (directly managed by the Head Office), 124 tier-two branches,
and 1,240 sub-branches (including 41 community/small and micro sub-
branches), plus 1,750 self-service banks (including onsite and offsite self-
service banks), 6,243 self-service terminals and 9,060 smart teller machines.
As such, the Bank had developed a diversified outlet pattern that consists
of smart (flagship) outlets, comprehensive outlets, boutique outlets,
community/small and micro outlets and off-bank self-service outlets.

With its outlets basically covering all large and medium-sized cities in
China, the Bank shifted its focus of domestic outlet establishment to layout
optimization and profit improvement. Allocation of resources for outlet
construction favored developed cities and regions such as Beijing, Shanghai,
Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Hangzhou and Nanjing. At the same time, as an
active response to the national “13th Five-Year Plan”, the Bank supported
the economic development of key areas such as the free trade zones, special
economic zones and new areas.

In terms of the layout of overseas outlets, CNCBI, an affiliate of the Bank,
had 38 outlets in Hong Kong SAR, Macao SAR, New York, Los Angeles,
Singapore and the Chinese mainland. CNCB (Hong Kong) Investment Co.,
Ltd. had 3 subsidiaries in Hong Kong and the Chinese mainland. JSC Altyn
Bank had 7 outlets and 1 private banking center in Kazakhstan. In line with
its 2017-2020 Plan for Overseas Development, the Bank made active efforts
to promote its internationalization. In particular, it constructed and improved the management frameworks for human
resources, businesses, systems, authorization, and performance evaluation of overseas affiliates. During the reporting period,
it established and opened the London Branch, and pushed forward the approval of upgrading Sydney representative office
and the preparations for establishment of its Hong Kong branch in an orderly manner.

3.3.6.2 Online Channels
During the reporting period, proceeding along the customer footprint, the Bank launched the unified digital channel
planning, and promoted data coordination and service process optimization among channels. The Bank realized
interconnection between its Mobile Banking APP and six offline channels, including ATM, counter and queuing machine,
and provided customers with 12 services such as cardless deposit and withdrawal, outlet queuing and pre-filling, so as to
provide customers with service experience that is consistent among all channels.


21	PPP refers to Public Private Partnership.
22	The State Administration of Foreign Exchange issued the Notice of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on the Management of Domestic Foreign Exchange
         Accounts of Overseas Institutions on 13 July 2009, allowing domestic banks to open domestic foreign exchange accounts, or non-resident accounts (NRA), for
         overseas institutions.




                                                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report           71
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     The size and quality of Mobile Banking APP customers maintained rapid growth. As at the end of the reporting period, the
     number of Mobile Banking APP customers reached 45.8287 million, an increase of 9.1290 million or 24.88% over the end
     of the previous year. The number of monthly active users23 (MAUs) of Mobile Banking APP reached 11.1547 million, an
     increase of 41.42% over the end of the previous year. Meanwhile, the transaction volume of Mobile Banking APP increased
     rapidly, with the number of transactions reaching 236 million, an increase of 26.75% over the previous year, and the
     transaction amount standing at RMB8.72 trillion, an increase of 38.66% over the previous year. The number of personal
     online banking customers reached 47.0438 million, an increase of 8.9949 million or 23.64% over the end of the previous
     year.

     3.3.6.3 Overseas Branch Business
     London Branch of the Bank officially commenced operation on 21 June 2019, local time in London, with the approval
     of the Prudential Regulation Authority and the Financial Conduct Authority of UK. As the first overseas branch directly
     controlled by the Bank, London Branch is mainly engaged in wholesale banking, provides customers with financial services
     such as deposits, loans (including bilateral loans, syndicated loans, trade finance and cross-border M&A financing), foreign
     exchange and payment settlement, and conducts money market and foreign exchange trading businesses.

     During the reporting period, London Branch conducted
     extensive business cooperation with domestic and
     overseas corporate customers and financial institutions. It
     made breakthroughs in offshore RMB trading, corporate
     syndicated loans, cross-border M&A financing and other
     business areas, and completed the establishment of the
     European time trading platform on behalf of the Head
     Office, laying a solid foundation for the Bank to build
     a global 24-hour foreign exchange trading platform.
     Relying on the advantages of London as an international
     financial center, the Bank will build London Branch into
     the business center of the Bank in Europe, the Middle
     East and Africa, the European treasury operation center,
     the international talent training center, and CITIC
     Group’s overseas business coordination platform.

     3.3.7 Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures
     3.3.7.1 CIFH
     CIFH was incorporated in Hong Kong in 1924. It was acquired by CITIC Group in June 1986 and restructured to
     become an investment holdings company after its acquisition of the then Hong Kong Chinese Bank Limited in 2002. It is
     now a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, with an issued share capital of HKD7.503 billion. CIFH is the main platform
     for the Bank to conduct its overseas businesses. Its business scope includes commercial banking and non-banking financial
     services. CIFH conducts its commercial banking business mainly via its holding subsidiary CNCBI (in which CIFH holds
     a 75% equity interest), and conducts its non-banking financial business primarily via CIAM (in which CIFH holds a 46%
     equity interest).

     As at the end of the reporting period, CIFH recorded HKD362.684 billion in total assets, down by 0.84% from the end
     of last year, and HKD51.528 billion in net assets, up by 0.95% from the end of the previous year, and a total of 2,286
     employees. For the reporting period, CIFH realized net profit of HKD2.828 billion, up by 7.22% year on year.

     CNCBI: As at the end of the reporting period, CNCBI recorded total assets of HKD361.222 billion, down by 0.47% from
     the end of the previous year, and net assets of HKD46.450 billion, up by 1.02% from the end of the previous year. For the
     reporting period, CNCBI realized operating income of HKD8.351 billion, down by 0.70% year on year. For the reporting
     period, CNCBI realized net profit of HKD2.810 billion, down by 6.58% year on year.



     23	Monthly active users (MAUs) of mobile banking refer to users logging in to the Mobile Banking APP, and the growth rate is calculated based on comparison of
             data under the same standard.




72   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




Relying on its geographical advantages in the Guangdong-
Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, CNCBI
continuously deepened coordination and cooperation with
the Bank and CITIC Group, and made full use of its
domestic subsidiaries as platforms to vigorously expand
cross-border business. During the reporting period, it
realized over RMB100 billion cross-border Renminbi trade
settlement in total. With the strong need of mainland
Chinese enterprises for overseas financing and cross-
border mergers & acquisitions, the debt capital market
business team of CNCBI captured opportunities and
realized HKD296 million in fee income, and ranking 5th
among all Chinese institutions in Hong Kong in terms of
the underwritten amount24. In addition, the cross-border
personal and commercial banking business maintained
a sound development momentum. During the reporting
period, the number of cross-border customers recommended by the parent bank CITIC Bank increased by 12.13% over the
end of the previous year. As at the end of the reporting period, AUM of CNCBI increased by 30.93% over the end of the
previous year.

CIAM: CIAM is a cross-border asset management company. In the face of market challenges during the reporting period,
CIAM continued to leverage the comprehensive advantages of CITIC Group and its own structural value, took “shareholder
extension” as the core concept of its business development, and actively expanded the private equity investment fund
management business while promoting the adjustment of the investment portfolio. During the reporting period, CIAM
focused on strengthening the post-investment value-added service management of investment in enterprises, and explored
diverse exit methods and channels to recover investment and realize investment return as soon as possible. At the same time,
CIAM strived to expand its differentiated private equity fund management business, successfully issued the Guangxi State-
owned Enterprise Reform and Development Fund in cooperation with local state-owned enterprises in Guangxi, with a total
subscription of RMB1.4 billion as at the end of the reporting period, and the investment had started. While actively expanding
its business, CIAM continued to strengthen the control of operating cost by continually taking such measures as organization
adjustment and expense control during the reporting period, resulting in an obvious decrease in operating expenses.

3.3.7.2 CNCB Investment
CNCB Investment is an overseas controlled subsidiary of the Bank established in Hong Kong in 1984 with a registered
capital of HKD1.889 billion. The Bank holds 99.05% of the equity interest in CNCB Investment and CNCBI holds
the rest 0.95%. The business scope of CNCB Investment covers lending (it holds a Hong Kong money lender license),
investment (mainly including debt securities investment, fund investment, stock investment and long-term equity
investment, etc.), and the conduct of overseas licensed investment banking business and domestic equity investment fund
management business via its own subsidiaries.

As the overseas investment banking platform of the Bank, CNCB Investment always aspires to develop itself into “the
best overseas boutique investment bank”, and focuses on licensed investment banking businesses such as overseas securities
underwriting, securities consulting, corporate financing advisory services and asset management, cross-border investment
and financing businesses, and domestic private equity investment fund management business. During the reporting period,
centering on capital-light operation, CNCB Investment accelerated the transformation of profit model, and moved faster
to develop licensed investment banking businesses. Specifically, the number of bond underwriting projects increased
significantly, with market share reaching a new high, and the scale of active asset management business also steadily
increased. In terms of proprietary investment and financing business, the Bank made remarkable achievements in the
disposal of existing assets with risk, strengthened post-lending risk management, and accelerated the visionary investment
of high-quality assets in key areas. In terms of internal management, it reviewed its internal control and compliance system
comprehensively, improved the policy formulation according to business development, and continuously optimized the
business process, thereby comprehensively improving its internal management.

During the reporting period, due to the impact of the declining capital market, CNCB Investment recorded net profit
attributable to its equity holders equivalent to RMB108 million, a drop of 79.6% from last year; and its net income from
licensed investment banking businesses was equivalent to RMB80.85 million, down by 35.83% over last year, while newly
underwritten bonds increased by 60%. As at the end of the reporting period, CNCB Investment had total assets equivalent
to RMB19.403 billion, net assets equivalent to RMB3.531 billion, and AUM equivalent to RMB86.634 billion.

24	According to the Bloomberg ranking of China offshore bond underwriting.




                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report     73
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     3.3.7.3 CITIC Financial Leasing
     Wholly owned by the Bank, CITIC Financial Leasing was incorporated in April 2015 with a registered capital of RMB4
     billion. During the reporting period, following the general tone of seeking progress while ensuring stability, the guidance
     of the new development philosophy, and the direction of high-quality development, CITIC Financial Leasing focused on
     supply-side structural reform, and continuously enhanced its risk prevention capability.

     During the reporting period, CITIC Financial Leasing actively implemented national industrial policies, took serving the
     real economy as its mission and supporting the development of the private economy as its important objective. During the
     year, CITIC Financial Leasing realized a total lease grant of RMB10.909 billion, making the total investment exceeding
     RMB100 billion since its opening. It continued to increase direct leasing, with its proportion up by 23.57% year on
     year. Returning to the original mandate, CITIC Financial Leasing gave full play to its advantages of leasing business in
     supporting the real economy, and had 70% of its projects invested in the private economy during the reporting period.
     Besides, based on its strategic positioning, it gave preference to key fields supported by the state in business development.
     As at the end of the reporting period, CITIC Financial Leasing’s asset balances in the five areas of clean energy, energy
     conservation and environmental protection, high-end equipment, people’s livelihood and modern transportation accounted
     for 56.89%, 7.82%, 14.17%, 15.24% and 5.88% of the total respectively. The green leasing stood at RMB7.733 billion,
     accounting for more than 70% of the total, further showcasing its advantages in green leasing.

     As at the end of the reporting period, CITIC Financial Leasing recorded total assets of RMB50.236 billion and net assets
     of RMB6.044 billion. During the reporting period, CITIC Financial Leasing realized cumulative lease grant of RMB10.909
     billion, net operating income of RMB1.729 billion and net profit of RMB768 million, an increase of 48.26% over the
     previous year. The company’s return on equity was 13.57%, while return on assets was 1.53%. And it recorded a provision-
     to-loan ratio of 4.64%, and a capital adequacy ratio of 12.39%.

     3.3.7.4 CITIC aiBank
     CITIC aiBank officially opened for business on 18 November 2017. With a registered capital of RMB4 billion, it is a
     new type of internet bank jointly established by the Bank and Baidu, with the Bank and Fujian Baidu Borui Internet
     Technology Co., Ltd. holding 70% and 30%25 of its equity interest, respectively.

     During the reporting period, CITIC aiBank made phased achievements in strategy implementation, and preliminarily
     formed the differentiated development model of an open bank. It built an asset connection platform and a wealth sales
     platform, making preliminary progress in platform development. It also actively integrated into the Baidu ecosystem, and
     achieved new results in shareholder integration by promoting the coordinated development of the parent bank and the
     subsidiary. Besides, CITIC aiBank launched the agile development system, and continued to build the technology moat.
     It also strictly adhered to the bottom line of compliant and prudent operation and steadily improved its risk management
     capacity. As a result, it has formed a prudent, steady, innovative and energetic corporate culture.

     2019 marked the second complete operation year of CITIC aiBank. After more than two years of efforts, CITIC aiBank
     has laid a solid foundation for development. As at the end of the reporting period, CITIC aiBank recorded total assets of
     RMB58.865 billion, up by 63.86% over the end of last year; total liabilities of RMB55.620 billion, up by 70.09% over
     the end of last year; and net assets of RMB3.245 billion. During the reporting period, it realized net operating income of
     RMB2.373 billion and net profit of RMB20 million, recording profit for the first time. It met all regulatory indicators and
     obtained AAA for long-term entity credit rating by China Lianhe Credit Rating Co., Ltd.




     25	During the reporting period, the meetings of the Board of Directors of the Bank considered and adopted the Proposal on Increasing Share Capital of CITIC
             aiBank Corporation Limited and the Proposal on Adjusting the Plan for Increasing Share Capital of CITIC aiBank Corporation Limited, giving consent that
             the Bank would increase share capital of CITIC aiBank. For details, please refer to Chapter 3.6 “Material Investments, Material Acquisitions and Disposal and
             Restructuring of Assets” of this report.




74   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                               Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




3.3.7.5 Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank
Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank is located in Lin’an District, Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province, officially started operation on 9
January 2012. It has a registered capital of RMB200 million, with the Bank holding 51% of its equity interest and another
13 enterprises holding the rest 49%. Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank is mainly engaged in general commercial banking business.

During the reporting period, Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank supported the real economy with enthusiasm, and implemented the
inclusive finance and the rural revitalization strategy, and increased credit extension meeting CBIRC’s “two no-less-than
and two control” target. It strengthened communication and collaboration with the district government and local towns,
and highlighted the focuses of rural credit support to meet the financing needs of farmers, small and micro enterprises and
individual industrial and commercial households. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of loans to small and
micro enterprises was RMB989 million, an increase of 16.35% over the end of the previous year, 2.31 percentage points
higher than the average growth of total loans. The balance of inclusive MSE loans was RMB856 million, an increase of
22.81% over the end of the previous year, 8.77 percentage points higher than the average growth of total loans. The
proportion of loans to farmers and small and micro enterprises reached 91.11%.

As at the end of the reporting period, Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank recorded RMB1.855 billion total assets, RMB318 million
net assets, RMB1.444 billion balance of customer deposits, and RMB1.279 billion combined balance of various loans. Its
capital adequacy ratio stood at 25.86%, allowance coverage ratio was 576.09%, and the ratio of allowance for impairment
of loans to total loans recorded 4.6%. It realized a net profit of RMB42 million after tax for the reporting period.

3.3.7.6 JSC Altyn Bank
JSC Altyn Bank was formerly an affiliate of HSBC established in Kazakhstan in 1998. In November 2014, it was wholly
acquired by the JSC Halyk Bank of Kazakhstan, the largest commercial bank in the country. On 24 April 2018, the Bank
completed the acquisition of a majority stake in JSC Altyn Bank and became the first Chinese bank to acquire bank equity
in the countries along the Belt and Road. The Bank held 50.1% of the equity in JSC Altyn Bank. JSC Altyn Bank’s Fitch
rating was BBB-, the highest rating among all commercial banks in Kazakhstan.

During the reporting period, adhering to the philosophy of “growing into a stable, unique and considerate bank”, JSC
Altyn Bank realized coordinated development of efficiency, quality and scale, made new breakthroughs in business
expansion, and secured a consolidated management foundation, more integrated corporate culture and higher brand
reputation. The Bank continuously strengthened business coordination with JSC Altyn Bank at home and abroad. In May
2019, the Bank, together with the JSC Halyk Bank of Kazakhstan and JSC Altyn Bank, held the Sino-Kazakhstan High-
tech Enterprise Forum in Nur Sudan, the capital of Kazakhstan, which served as a face-to-face exchange platform for
Chinese and Kazakhstan enterprises and made positive contributions to deepening bilateral economic and trade cooperation.

As at the end of the reporting period, JSC Altyn Bank recorded share capital of 7.050 billion tenge26, total assets of
523.267 billion tenge, net assets of 56.757 billion tenge. During the reporting period, it realized net operating income of
26.153 billion tenge, net profit of 14.356 billion tenge, and its ROA and ROE stood at 3.16% and 29.20%, respectively.




26	The rate on 31 December 2019 of tenge against Renminbi was 1:0.01819351.




                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report    75
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




        3.4 Risk Management

     3.4.1 Risk Management Structure

                                                                             Board of Directors                                      Board of Supervisors



                                     Risk Management Committee                                Audit and Related Party
        Board of Directors,                                                               Transactions Control Committee
       Board of Supervisors


                                                                    President and the President’s Office


                                          Risk and Internal
                                         Control Committee


                                                                                                                     Vice Presidents
                                                                                                                      of the Bank
                                                                         Vice President of the Bank
                                  Risk consultants
                                                                       in charge of risk management




                                                                                              Compliance      Financial Markets     General Office:
                                                                                                                                                        Audit
                                                                                             Department:         Department:          reputation/     Department
                                                                                            compliance risk     liquidity risk       strategic risk
            Law and          Credit Business         Credit Audit    Risk Management
          Preservation        Management             Department:        Department:
          Department:         Department:             credit risk      credit/market/                 Asset and Liability Department:
                                                                                                                                                        Regional
        credit/legal risk      credit risk                              operational/                   liquidity risk/interest rate risk
                                                                                                                                                      audit centers
                                                                      concentration/                        in the banking book
       Head                                                             country risk
       Office


                                                                                                              Branch President




                                                                                   Branch risk                                               Branch Vice President
                                                                                    director                                                 or Assistant President




     Branches
                     Law and         Credit Business
                                                           Credit Approval    Risk Management                                                   Relevant branch
                   Preservation       Management
                                                            Department           Department                                                      departments
                   Department         Department




76   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




3.4.2 Risk Management System and Techniques
The reporting period witnessed increasing downward pressure on the domestic economy. In response, the Bank stepped
up multiple measures and proactively strengthened risk management, including efforts such as improving the overall risk
management system and refining policies and regulations for risk management, implementing differentiated development
strategies and optimizing allocation of credit resources. Meanwhile, the Bank promoted the implementation of unified
credit management and control policy in an orderly manner, and strengthened the risk control over the credit business of
consolidated subsidiaries. The Bank established principal responsible person mechanism for operation, principal responsible
person mechanism for management and full-time approver mechanism, and amended identification measures for non-
performing assets. What’s more, the Bank continuously consolidated asset quality, investigated and identified problem
assets, and accelerated the resolution of existing non-performing assets through various measures. Focusing on key branches
and key projects, the Bank strengthened the elimination of non-performing assets and facilitated management of problem
assets. As part of efforts to consolidate the foundation of risk management, the Bank accelerated IT systems upgrades and
stepped up efforts in building risk management teams.

The Bank continued to improve its R & D capability in risk management technology. It deepened the application of risk
quantification results, and completed model development for bond rating, overseas branch rating, financial institution
rating and counterparty credit risk capital measurement during the reporting period. The independent optimization and
verification of the rating models were continuously conducted to effectively control model risks; the credit risk rating model
was effectively embedded in the entire process of credit business to enhance the quality of risk decision making. What’s
more, the Bank carried out asset impairment management and economic capital assessment through adopting internal
rating approach, promoted the application of value at risk (VaR) in the consolidation management of market risk limit,
thereby effectively improved the level of risk management across the bank. The Bank also attached great importance to the
application of the three operational risk instruments to continuously enhance its operational risk management capability.
Besides, the Bank actively explored the application of financial technology, promoted the digital transformation of risk
management, and carried out intelligent risk control projects.

3.4.3 Credit Risk Management
Credit risk refers to the risk of a bank incurring losses in its business due to the failure of its borrowers or transaction
counter-parties to fulfill the obligations specified in relevant agreements or contracts. The Bank’s credit risk mainly comes
from various credit businesses, including but not limited to loans, guarantee, acceptance, loan commitments and other on-
and off-balance sheet credit businesses, bond investment of banking account, derivatives trading and other businesses, as
well as businesses with credit risk such as structured financing and financing wealth management. For details of the Bank’s
risk exposures after the mitigation of credit risk asset portfolio and measurement of credit risk capital, please refer to the
2019 Capital Adequacy Ratio Information Disclosure Report of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited issued by the Bank.

3.4.3.1 Credit Risk Management in Corporate Business
Following the principle of “properly managing balance and strictly controlling new growth”, the corporate business of
the Bank explored and expanded its customers and markets by region, customer, industry, product and channel, and
continuously improved the business structure to enhance the quality and performance of its corporate credit business on all
fronts.

In terms of customers, the Bank focused more on customers involved in major industries and large scale projects, big
customers and high-end customers, actively supporting strategic customers and cultivating leading corporate customers in
concerned industries, and tapped growth potential of private listed corporate customers. Focusing on strategic customers,
the Bank endeavored to promote the chain marketing and batch customer development among upstream and downstream
customer clusters of core enterprises. Besides, the Bank implemented a differentiated customer policy to meet the financing
needs of customers with ready market, promising prospect, advanced technology and high competitiveness but temporary
difficulties. At the same time, it strengthened unified credit management and limit management and control over
customers, and focused on preventing large-amount credit risk and concentration risk.




                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report     77
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     In terms of regions, the Bank implemented national strategies for regional development, and focused on supporting the
     key areas designated by national strategies such as the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, the Xiong’an New Area, the Belt
     and Road, the Yangtze River Economic Belt, the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area and the Free Trade
     Zones. It implemented differentiated strategies for different regions and improved the regional layout of its credit business.
     Meanwhile, the Bank preferentially channeled resources toward the branches located in the key strategic areas of the state
     with a view to improving their credit proportion and profit contribution. It also improved the risk management, disposed
     of existing credit risk, and enhanced the ability of sustainable development in branches with deficient asset quality and with
     weak profitability.

     In terms of industries, the Bank adopted differentiated policies of entering some promising industries while exiting
     from the others, supporting certain key industries while controlling credit to others. It diverted more credit supply to
     promising industries that were aligned with the orientation of national strategies as well as the “three mega, three high,
     three new” fields27. What’s more, the Bank paid close attention to business opportunities in areas such as government
     financing, strengthening weak infrastructure, high-quality development of manufacturing, industrial structure adjustment
     and upgrading, and pollution prevention and control to support the high-quality development of the real economy. It also
     moderately controlled the total credit granted to real estate and reduced the credit amount to large real estate customers.

     In terms of products, in accordance with the principle of light development and relying on the support of fin-tech, the
     Bank set up an ecosystem-based financial service platform and expanded its transaction banking business. Centering on
     core customers, the Bank endeavored to promote the chain marketing and batch business development targeting upstream
     and downstream customer clusters of core enterprises. In the meantime, it took an active part in the listing of private
     companies, the ownership reform of state-owned enterprises and the “going global” efforts of Chinese enterprises, providing
     customers with innovative products and services in investment banking and asset management, and thus forming a
     reasonable financing structure.

     In terms of large exposures management, by strictly implementing on various regulatory provisions and further refining the
     policy system, the Bank reinforced the system development and underlying data governance, and improved the capacity of
     information systems to support the management of large exposures. The Bank regarded the management of large exposures
     limit as an important means to control the customer credit concentration risk and prevent excessive credit granting, and
     actively implemented various requirements for the management of large exposures. The Bank established and improved
     the management system of large exposures continuously at the Group level, and promoted the system connection and data
     sharing between the Bank and subsidiaries, thus providing favorable conditions for the unified credit management at the
     Group level. During the reporting period, the Bank managed to control the limit indicators of large exposures within the
     scopes permitted by the regulators.

     3.4.3.2 Credit Risk Management of Personal Loans
     During the reporting period, while adopting the “total-process and thorough risk management” within the product lineup
     of standardized personal loans, the Bank identified and controlled credit risks before, in and after lending all along.

     In the pre-lending process: the Bank built the a tiered management system by channel, selected qualified “Head Office to
     Headquarters” cooperation channels based on credit grading, and introduced the tiered management mechanism of product
     credit risk and the review mechanism of product credit risk in the product design stage. In the lending process, the Bank
     used scorecards and other retail credit risk measurement models in combination with logicalized business rules to effectively
     identify and manage credit risk. Besides, the Bank introduced third-party external data, and upgraded application rules
     according to the practical business. It improved personal credit portraits and structured anti-fraud models of products step
     by step to further enhance its ability for credit risk control. The Bank also built a whole-process closed-loop management
     and operation system, and formulated standardized and unified operational standards for business access, acceptance,
     review and approval. In the post-lending process, the Bank kept improving its risk early warning system and carried out
     risk management for products, regions and cooperation channels. What’s more, it expedited the iteration and updating of
     policies and processes for products according to the results of risk early warning, and formulated differentiated access rules.




     27     The “three mega, three high, three new” fields refer to fields related to “mega culture, mega health and mega environmental protection”, “high tech, high-end
            manufacturing, and high-quality service and consumption industries”, and “new materials, new energy and new business models”.




78   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                      Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




At the end of the reporting period, the Bank’s balance of non-performing personal loans (excluding credit card) recorded
RMB6.203 billion, a drop of RMB471 million from the end of the previous year. The NPL ratio was 0.53%, down by 0.13
percentage point from the end of the previous year. The asset quality maintained at a sound level.

3.4.3.3 Risk Management of Credit Card Business
During the reporting period, the Bank conducted credit card business following the framework of “adjusting structure,
controlling risks, strengthening technology, improving efficiency and high-quality development”. It strengthened
comprehensive risk management, strictly stuck to the bottom line of risks, focused on the upgrading and adjustment of the
asset structure, and continued to strengthen its joint risk control system before, in and after lending.

In the pre-lending process, the Bank reinforced the customer groups restructuring, comprehensively built a new customer
risk limit system, and established the goal-based benchmark for customer group limit structure through subdividing
customer group characteristics by natural attribute, credit attribute, asset attribute and so on. It strictly reviewed customers’
credit standing, employed credit record and other data to prudentially scan and select high-quality customers, and kept
adjusting related models and strategies so as to put a tight lid on the approval rate of multiple borrowing applicants. In the
lending process, the Bank refined the credit granting rules, adopted the differentiated credit granting approach, dynamically
made credit adjustments in response to customers’ card use and repayment, and carried out specialized detecting and
campaigns against high-risk customers like suspected multiple borrowing customers and non-compliant credit card usages
like cash-out. In the post-lending process, the Bank leveraged new technologies and data innovation application such as
intelligent phone calls and relationship spectrum to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of loan recovery. At the end of
the reporting period, the Bank recorded RMB8.948 billion balance of non-performing credit card loans, corresponding to
an NPL ratio of 1.74%, down by 0.11 percentage point from the end of the previous year, thus maintaining a stable risk
level.

3.4.3.4 Risk Management in Asset Management Business
During the reporting period, the Asset Management Business Center of the Bank established the Credit Risk Early Warning
Committee and the Non-performing Assets Disposal Committee to defuse and dispose of assets with existing credit risk
by means of top-level design. Among other things, the Bank kept increasing investment in standardized assets by seizing
investment opportunities in high-quality bonds, expanding the scale of investment in high-quality bonds, and optimizing
the structure of asset allocation. It also kept improving its credit qualification rating scorecard, set asset-category-specific
and industry-specific review standards, studied and formulated the five-tier classification standards for asset quality as well
as the risk forewarning standards, and further optimized the credit risk review methodology. Besides, the Bank set up a
professional recovery team responsible for the recovery and disposal of the existing non-performing assets of the wealth
management business. The team formulated risk disposal measures for specific customers based on respective characteristics,
and further increased the efforts to dispose of existing risk assets through preservation, trading and other means. During the
reporting period, the Bank had no default or inadequate repayment of any matured wealth management product.

3.4.3.5 Credit Risk Management in Financial Markets Business
During the reporting period, the Bank put credit risk in bond assets under active management. According to the
characteristics of risks in defaulted bonds in the market, the Bank summarized the driving factors and evolution patterns
of credit risk, upgraded review standards and models of credit risk in bond business, improved the process of credit risk
management, and increased the frequency of credit risk monitoring. The Bank sorted out its investment portfolio on a
regular basis, and strengthened the monitoring on the early warning information of issuers of bonds, and conducted in-
depth screening of credit risk. The Bank increased investment in sovereign and quasi-sovereign bonds such as government
bonds, local government bonds and policy bank bonds, greatly expanded the scale of premium liquid assets, and thus its
proprietary bond assets enjoyed excellent credit qualifications.




                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report     79
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     3.4.3.6 Loan Monitoring and Post-Lending Management
     During the reporting period, the Bank actively adapted itself to changes in the market and policy environment, reinforced
     risk forewarning and management of loans close to their maturity, and screened and monitored risks in key areas. It also
     strengthened asset quality management and control, collateral management and credit consumption management and
     promoted the upgrade of the new-generation credit business system to ensure the stable asset quality.

     The Bank actively carried out tests and surveys on the early warning mechanism, developed the forewarning model program
     for post-lending management of inclusive finance loans, established the early warning information sharing mechanism
     among subsidiaries, and optimized the notice function of the system to remind of the loan principal and interest maturity.
     The Bank launched risk screening for various businesses. Key credit asset portfolios were brought under risk monitoring,
     and key branches, products, industries, asset portfolios, and key large customers were put under the name list-based
     monitoring. The Bank implemented the “name list system” classification management for accounts with non-performing
     loans, and supervised the disposal of related risks. It also optimized the performance assessment indicators focusing on
     overdue loans, NPLs and the ratio of loans overdue over 60 days to NPLs. Besides, the Bank created the positive, negative
     and prudential lists of collateral access to further strengthen the management of assessment agencies. It also set up the
     blacklist mechanism and accountability mechanism for assessment agencies to promote the post-lending re-assessment,
     verification and monitoring of collateral and improve the collateral system. Meanwhile, the Bank continued to deepen the
     mechanism of full-time approvers of credit consumption. It upgraded the project requirements of the “e-Credit”28, and
     enabled the fingerprint authentication function as part of the credit granting link. At the same time, the Bank launched the
     credit business archive management project (phase I) and the seal monitoring and management system of corporate credit
     business at pilot branches. The Bank completed the upgrade of the new-generation credit business system (phase II) in
     March 2019 improving more than 100 major functions. During the reporting period, the Bank launched ongoing training
     of the new-generation credit business system and continued to push forward the phase III building of the system.

     3.4.4 Market Risk Management
     Market risk refers to the risk of on-and off-balance sheet businesses of a bank incurring losses due to unfavorable changes in
     market prices (including interest rate, exchange rate, stock price and commodity price). The main market risk confronting
     the Bank includes interest rate risk and exchange rate risk. The Bank has established a market risk management policy
     system covering market risk identification, measurement, monitoring and control. It manages market risk through product
     access approval and risk limit management, and thus controls market risk within the acceptable and reasonable range and
     maximizes risk-adjusted returns.

     During the reporting period, the Bank actively conducted research and responded to market volatility, and made its market
     analysis more forward-looking. It further established a market risk limit system covering the three tiers of the Group,
     the Bank and departmental business, dynamically adjusted market risk limits, and continued to do risk monitoring and
     reminding. What’s more, the Bank revised policies on market risk limit management, measurement, reporting etc., thereby
     continuously improved the refined management of market risk, and strongly supported the development of relevant
     financial markets businesses based on risk control. For details of market risk capital measurement, please refer to the 2019
     Report on Capital Adequacy Ratio Information Disclosure of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited released by the Bank. For
     details of interest rate gaps, foreign exchange exposures and sensitivity analysis, please refer to Note 55(b) to the financial
     report of this report.




     28     A direct consumer connection-based online credit granting project of the Bank.




80   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                      Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




3.4.4.1 Interest Rate Risk Management
Interest rate risk in the trading book
The Bank established a complete market risk limit system for the interest rate risk in the trading account to set limits
such as value at risk, interest rate sensitivity and stop-loss. It also assessed the interest rate risk in the trading book using
stress testing and other tools to control the interest rate risk in the trading book within the tolerable level of risk appetite.
During the reporting period, the downward pressure on the domestic economy intensified, the market liquidity remained
reasonable, the government bond yield fluctuated and the credit spread narrowed. The US Treasury bond yield fluctuated
sharply downward due to the slowdown of the growth rate of the US economic data and the expectations of interest rate
cut by the US Federal Reserve. In the face of the increasing volatility of domestic and overseas financial markets, the Bank
strengthened market research, effectively carried out risk monitoring and early warning, continuously improved its market
risk limit system, and prudently controlled the interest rate risk exposure of the trading book.

Interest rate risk in the banking book
During the reporting period, global economic development was very uneven featuring slowdown in economic growth,
and monetary policies of major economies turning loose. External uncertainties increased, while the change trend of
domestic and foreign market interest rates remained uncertain. Against such a backdrop, the Bank responded actively
to domestic and overseas market and situational changes. After improving the risk management framework, optimizing
the risk monitoring indicators and upgrading the risk management system in the previous period, the Bank applied gap
analysis, sensitivity analysis, stress testing and other methods to monitor the risk exposure level and changes from multiple
dimensions such as re-pricing gap, re-pricing cycle, net interest income fluctuation (∆NII) and economic value of Entity
fluctuation (∆EVE). It placed focus on the impact of benchmark risk on the Bank in the current market situation, and
tried to analyze the changes in indicators when the size and structure of assets and liabilities changed using a multi-scenario
dynamic simulation process. At the same time, the Bank continued analyze and estimate net interest income on a regular
basis, and actively applied management means such as price control and regulation to build the capacity for market-
oriented, self-discretionary and differentiated pricing and reasonably set up portfolios and maturity structures for asset and
liability products. Besides, taking the implementation of the LPR reform as an opportunity, the Bank mitigated risk factors
such as large-scale concentrated re-pricing of assets on specific dates step by step through contract revision, internal and
external publicity and other measures, and took multiple measures to control the interest rate risk in the banking book
within the Bank’s risk tolerance.

During the reporting period, the Guidelines for Managing Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book of Commercial Banks
(Amended) came into force. On the basis of the new regulatory framework, the Bank built various customer behavior
models, and updated its internal management policies, risk measurement, risk indicator and limit system. At the end of
the reporting period, the Bank had complied with relevant regulatory requirements in terms of policy structure, system
function, measurement framework, model management, risk reporting, risk limit and risk indicator level. Subsequently,
based on the previously developed dynamic risk measurement system, the Bank will strengthen the precise risk measurement
and management of key products and further raise the management level of interest rate risk in the banking book of the
Bank.

3.4.4.2 Exchange Rate Risk Management
Exchange rate risk refers to the risk of on- and off-balance sheet businesses of a bank incurring losses due to unfavorable
changes in exchange rates (including gold price). The Bank mainly measures the magnitude of exchange rate risk through
foreign exchange exposure analysis. Its foreign exchange exposure mainly comes from the foreign exchange position formed
through foreign exchange transactions (including gold) and from foreign currency capital and foreign currency profits. The
Bank manages exchange rate risk by reasonably matching Renminbi and foreign currency denominated assets with liabilities
denominated in the same currencies and by making appropriate use of derivative financial instruments. For businesses with
potential exchange rate risk such as forex purchase and sale and forex trading, the Bank sets corresponding foreign exchange
exposure limits to control its exchange rate risk at an acceptable level.




                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report     81
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     The exchange rate risk of the Bank was mainly subject to impacts of the Renminbi exchange rate against the US dollar.
     In 2019, the exchange rate of the RMB against the US dollar showed wider two-way fluctuations, and the central parity
     exchange rate of the Renminbi against the US dollar fell by a cumulative 1.6% for the year. Thanks to its proactive
     responses to forex market fluctuations, strict control of the forex risk exposures of relevant businesses and more intensive
     routine risk monitoring, early warning and reporting, the Bank was able to control its exchange rate risk within the
     acceptable range during the reporting period.

     3.4.5 Liquidity Risk Management
     Liquidity risk refers to the risk that a bank is unable to obtain adequate capital in a timely manner and at reasonable cost
     to repay matured debts, perform other payment obligations or meet other capital needs for normal business. The Bank has
     set up a robust governance structure for liquidity risk management, which clearly lays out the division of duties among
     the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and the senior management and their subordinate specialized committees
     and the relevant departments of the Bank, and explicitly defines the strategies, policies and procedures on liquidity
     risk management. The Bank maintains a prudent liquidity risk level, implements a prudent coordinated liquidity risk
     management strategy, and effectively identifies, measures, monitors and controls liquidity risk by gap management, stress
     testing, emergency drills and qualified premium liquid assets management. The Group has put in place a unified liquidity
     risk management framework. The Head Office is responsible for formulating liquidity risk management policies and
     strategies of the Group and its legal-person institutions, and for managing liquidity risk at the legal-person institution level
     in a centralized manner. All domestic and overseas affiliates of the Group are responsible for developing and implementing
     their own strategies and procedures for liquidity risk management pursuant to the requirements of competent regulators
     and within the Group’s master policy framework on liquidity risk management.

     During the reporting period, the central bank pursued the prudent monetary policy and intensified countercyclical
     adjustment. Therefore, the market liquidity maintained at a reasonably ample level with some periodical fluctuations.
     The Bank continued to reinforce liquidity risk management, enhanced liquidity risk measurement and monitoring, kept
     practicing liquidity risk limit management, conducted stress tests on a regular basis, and organized emergency drills. It also
     coordinated management of assets and liabilities to ensure a basic match between funding sources and fund uses. Moreover,
     the Bank reinforced management of active liabilities to ensure smooth financing channels, including borrowings from the
     central bank, money market, interbank certificates of deposit and interbank deposits. The Bank also improved routine
     liquidity management, reinforced market analysis and anticipation and thereby managed liquidity in a more forward-
     looking and proactive manner.

     During the reporting period, the Bank reasonably set stress scenarios and conducted liquidity risk stress tests on a quarterly
     basis, taking into account major factors and external environmental factors that may trigger liquidity risk. Under the mild,
     medium and severe scenarios, the Bank’s minimum survival period exceeds the 30-day limit specified by the regulator.

     The Group’s liquidity coverage ratio and net stable funding ratio as at the end of the reporting period are set out below.

                                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                                    Increase/
      Item                                                         31 December 2019           31 December 2018                      Decrease       31 December 2017
      Liquidity coverage ratio                                                 149.27%                   114.33%       Up 34.94 percentage                     97.98%
                                                                                                                                    points
      Qualified premium liquid assets                                           744,317                   553,870                 34.38%                       507,004
      Net cash outflow in the coming 30 days                                    498,654                   484,454                   2.93%                      517,472

     Note:   The Group disclosed relevant information on its liquidity coverage ratio in accordance with the Rules on Disclosure of Liquidity Coverage Ratio of Commercial
             Banks (CBRC Decree [2015] No.52).




82   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




The Group’s net stable funding ratio as at the end of the reporting period is set out as below:

                                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                                 Increase/Decrease over
 Item                             31 December 2019         30 September 2019             30 June 2019       31 December 2018             Prior Year-end
 Net stable funding ratio                    105.85%                 101.53%                  104.66%                 104.26%       Up 1.59 percentage
                                                                                                                                                points
 Available stable funding                   3,887,038               3,495,928                3,748,292               3,419,051                13.69%
 Required stable funding                    3,672,303               3,443,342                3,581,308               3,279,280                11.99%

Note:   The Group disclosed relevant information on its net stable funding ratio in accordance with the Rules on Disclosure of Net Stable Funding Ratio of
        Commercial Banks (CBIRC Decree [2019] No.11).


For relevant information about the Group’s liquidity gaps as at the end of the reporting period, please refer to Note 55(c)
to the financial statements contained in this report.

3.4.6 Operational Risk Management
Operational risk refers to the risk of losses resulting from imperfect or deficient internal procedures, employees and
information technology systems and external incidents. It includes legal risk but excludes strategic risk and reputational
risk. During the reporting period, the Bank continued to strengthen its operational risk control and intensified the routine
management of operational risk. It reviewed the process of key business according to standards to identify and improve
weak links, and kept improving the layered key risk indicator system to enhance its capability for in-process monitoring of
operational risk. At the same time, the Bank reinforced the mechanism for grading and reporting risk incidents, and stepped
up efforts in the analysis and training of typical cases. In particular, the Bank strengthened routine review, management
and comprehensive assessment of outsourcing issues, and organized onsite inspections on outsourcing management of key
branches, thereby continuously improving the outsourcing IT management level, effectively standardizing outsourcing
activities and preventing outsourcing risk. In addition, the Bank built up capacity for emergency response, re-examined
the business continuity management system, had its units at all levels organize emergency drills in various forms based on
actual circumstances and improved the practicality of drills. It also continuously strengthened the prevention and control of
information technology risks, conducted comprehensive assessment and continuous monitoring of such risks, and deepened
risk assessment of key technology projects. During the reporting period, the operational risk management system of the
Bank enjoyed stable operation, placing operational risk under control in the overall sense.

3.4.7 Reputational Risk Management
Reputational risk mainly refers to the risk caused by negative opinion of the Bank by stakeholders resulting from the Bank’s
operation, management and other actions or external events.

During the reporting period, the Bank strengthened the source management of reputational risk, and achieved progress in
preparing contingency plans and mitigating risk by identifying potential risk points and intensifying research, identification
and early warning. At the same time, the Bank organized reputational risk management training and practical drills, and
hence strengthened branches’ capabilities for controlling reputational risk and responding to public opinions. The Bank
also continued to monitor public opinions on a daily basis and actively addressed the concerns of the media and the public.
During the reporting period, the Bank steadily improved its reputational risk management and effectively maintained a
good image and reputation.

3.4.8 Country Risk Management
Country risk refers to the risk of losses to the business or assets of the Bank in a country or region or other losses of the
Bank caused by the inability or refusal of the borrower or debtor in the country or region to repay the Bank’s debts due to
economic, political and social changes and events in the country or region.




                                                                                                                                  2019 Annual Report         83
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     The Bank followed the principle of adapting and continuous improvement in country risk management. It gradually
     improved country risk management policies and procedures, and formulated concrete methods and procedures based on
     its country risk management objectives, country risk exposure scale and business complexity, so as to effectively identify,
     measure, monitor and report country risk, and promote the steady development of its business in the light of country risk
     management objectives, the size of country risk exposure and business complexity. During the reporting period, the Bank
     continued to enhance country risk management in line with regulatory requirements and operating strategies, reviewed
     annual country risk limits, and strengthened limit management of high-risk countries. It also regularly conducted country
     risk ratings, monitored changes in country risk exposures, and carried out stress tests on country risk, thus controlling
     country risk at an acceptable level.

     3.4.9 Anti-Money Laundering
     The Bank strengthens the Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and internal control and compliance risk management and
     improves the quality of money laundering risk management in accordance with the Law of the People’s Republic of China
     on Anti-Money Laundering, the Measures for the Administration of Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist
     Financing by Banking Financial Institutions and the Guidelines for Risk Management Regarding Money Laundering and
     Terrorist Financing in Corporate Financial Institutions (Trial), as well as other laws and regulations regarding AML.

     The Bank practices an “all-employee, all-aspect and full-process” AML risk management cultural concept. Its Board of
     Directors, Board of Supervisors, and senior management attached great importance to the fostering of money laundering
     risk management culture and the personnel team building. During the reporting period, the Bank constantly improved its
     AML corporate governance framework and defined the AML management responsibilities of the Board of Directors, the
     Board of Supervisors, and the senior management in the Basic Rules for Anti-Money Laundering and Policy on Money
     Laundering Risk Management of CITIC Bank, incorporating the Bank’s overall AML authorization into its authorization
     management system for the first time. It gave full play to the decision-making role of the Anti-Money Laundering Work
     Leadership Group, promoted the “Three Defense Lines” to perform their duties, and thus formed the synergy of AML
     management. The Bank effectively incorporated the money laundering risk into its comprehensive risk management and
     determined its money laundering risk management preference. The Anti-Money Laundering Monitoring Center of the Bank
     completed the contralization of monitoring of suspicious transactions in some branches, continuously improved the money
     laundering risk assessment mechanism of customers, products and institutions, and made further endeavors to improve the
     Bank’s money laundering risk management system. The Bank continuously improved its AML management rules through
     re-inspection of the existing AML policy system and formulating or revising over 10 AML management measures and
     operating rules. It also continuously strengthened the customer identification management, perfected the name list-based
     monitoring and screening system and optimized the functions of the AML risk management system to effectively forestall
     money laundering risk.




84   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                   Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




   3.5 Capital Management

The Group has established a comprehensive capital management system covering capital planning, capital allocation,
capital examination, capital monitoring and capital analysis and management. During the reporting period, in line with
changes in both the internal and external situations, the Group continued to uphold the “capital light, asset light and
cost light” development strategy. Following the concept of “capital constrains assets”, the Bank established a linkage
mechanism between capital planning and business arrangements, made reasonable plans for asset growth, actively promoted
asset turnover and thus continuously improved its asset structure. At the same time, guided by the concepts of “light
development” and “value creation”, the Group adopted the dual-line management model, i.e., “limit management of
regulatory capital” and “examination of economic capital” to coordinate the balance of regulatory capital and economic
capital, and further improved the capital allocation and capital examination. During the reporting period, the Group
redeemed RMB37 billion of tier-2 capital bonds as planned and completed the issuance of RMB40 billion of convertible
bonds and RMB40 billion of undated bonds at proper time which further enhanced the risk resilience of capital and
ensured the relative stability of capital adequacy ratios at different tiers.

As at the end of the reporting period, as required by the Provisional Measures for Capital Management of Commercial
Banks promulgated by the former CBRC in June 2012, the Group recorded the following capital adequacy profile: a capital
adequacy ratio of 12.44%, a decrease of 0.03 percentage point from the end of the previous year; a 10.20% tier-one capital
adequacy ratio, 0.77 percentage point higher than the end of the previous year; and a 8.69% core tier-one capital adequacy
ratio, up by 0.07 percentage point from the end of the previous year, all meeting regulatory requirements.

In 2020, the Group will continue to carry out comprehensive capital management with the focus on capital under the
guidance of “light development” and “value creation”, and realize the balanced development of business growth, value
return and capital consumption by strengthening capital management measures, so as to improve capital application
efficiency at all fronts.

Capital adequacy ratios
                                                                                                        Unit: RMB million
                                                 31 December         31 December        Increase (%)/      31 December
 Item                                                   2019                2018             Decrease             2017
 Net core tier-one capital                            444,203             403,354             40,849            366,567
 Net additional tier-one capital                       77,555              37,768             39,787             36,811
 Net tier-one capital                                 521,758             441,122             80,636            403,378
 Net tier-two capital                                 114,139             142,271            (28,132)            99,443
 Net capital                                          635,897             583,393             52,504            502,821
 Risk-weighted assets                               5,113,585           4,677,713            435,872          4,317,502
 Core tier-one capital adequacy ratio                  8.69%               8.62%             Up 0.07             8.49%
                                                                                     percentage point
 Tier-one capital adequacy ratio                       10.20%              9.43%             Up 0.77              9.34%
                                                                                     percentage point
 Capital adequacy ratio                                12.44%             12.47%          Down 0.03              11.65%
                                                                                     percentage point




                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report   85
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     Leverage ratio
                                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB million
                                                                     31 December               31 December               Increase (%)/             31 December
                                                                            2019                      2018                    Decrease                    2017
      Leverage ratio                                                          6.71%                     6.37%                Up 0.34                        6.18%
                                                                                                                     percentage point
      Net tier-one capital                                                  521,758                   441,122                 80,636                     403,378
      Adjusted balance of on- and off-balance
        sheet assets                                                     7,780,321                  6,928,004                   852,317                6,527,276

     Note:   The Group calculated its leverage ratio in accordance with the provisions of the Rules on Leverage Ratio of Commercial Banks (2015 Revision) (CBRC Decree
             [2015] No.1). For detailed information about leverage ratios, please refer to the column on investor relations at http://www.citicbank.com/about/investor/
             financialaffairs/gglzb/.




         3.6 Material Investments, Acquisitions and Disposal and Restructuring of
              Assets

     The meeting of the Board of Directors of the Bank convened on 27 June 2019 considered and adopted the Proposal on
     Increasing Share Capital of CITIC aiBank Corporation Limited, giving consent that the Bank would contribute RMB1.4
     billion to subscribe the shares of CITIC aiBank. Based on work needs, the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Bank
     convened on 18 December 2019 considered and adopted the Proposal on Adjusting the Plan for Increasing Share Capital
     of CITIC aiBank Corporation Limited, giving consent that the Bank would contribute RMB1.4 billion to subscribe the
     shares of CITIC aiBank as well as the adjusted plan for increasing share capital of CITIC aiBank. The share capital increase
     plan shall be subject to the approval of CBIRC and other competent authorities.

     The meeting of the Board of Directors of the Bank convened on 13 December 2018 deliberated and approved the Proposal
     on Establishing CITIC Wealth Management Corporation Limited, giving consent that the Bank would establish CITIC
     Wealth Management Corporation Limited with proprietary fund. On 5 December 2019, the Bank received the Reply of
     CBIRC on the Preparations for Establishing CITIC Wealth Management Corporation Limited (CBIRC Reply [2019] No.
     1095) issued by CBIRC, approving the Bank’s establishment of CITIC Wealth Management Corporation Limited with a
     contribution up to RMB5 billion. After the preparations for the establishment, the Bank would submit an application for
     opening business to CBIRC according to relevant rules and procedures.

     Please refer to the relevant announcements that the Bank disclosed on the official websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn),
     HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) for relevant information.

     Except for those already disclosed and the day-to-day businesses such as transfer of credit assets that were involved in its
     business operation, the Bank was not aware of any other material acquisitions or disposals of assets or mergers of enterprises
     that took place in the reporting period.




86   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                      Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




   3.7 Information about Structured Entities Controlled by the Bank

For relevant information about structured entities beyond the scope of the Bank’s consolidation of financial statements,
please refer to Note 59 to the financial statements contained in this report.



   3.8 Outlook and Response

The world in general is still undergoing in-depth adjustments following the global financial crisis, and the stability and
growth outlook for the Chinese economy will remain unchanged.

On the one hand, the development of the banking industry faces challenges. The global economy continues to slow down,
profound changes are unfolding with accelerated pace, and sources of turbulence and risks have substantially increased. At
a pivotal stage of transforming its growth model, improving its economic structure, and fostering new drivers of growth,
China faces intertwined structural, institutional and cyclical problems, and the impact of simultaneous dealing with the
slowdown in economic growth, making difficult structural adjustments and absorbing the effects of previous economic
stimulus policies continues to deepen. At the same time, COVID-19 has imposed impact on macro economy, particularly
causing shocks to some service industries during the Spring Festival of 2020, and may continue to affect the economy,
which magnified the downward pressure on the Chinese economy. The financial supply-side structural reform will be
advanced, and financial institutions will continue to improve the quality and efficiency in serving the real economy. The
formation mechanism of loan prime rate (LPR) will be improved, reform of key areas will be constantly enhanced and the
operation of financial institutions will be further standardized. In the context of forestalling and defusing financial risks,
the Chinese regulators will maintain “stringent regulation and severe penalty”, continue to resolve the risks of shadow
banking, non-performing loans, defective financial institutions and peer-to-peer lending, and move forward to transform
wealth management business, curb the financialization and bubbling of real estate and reducing existing illegal practices on
the market. Accordingly, financial institutions will continuously stick to the basics of financial services in their operation,
intensify risk management and internal control, and pursue high-quality and sustainable development.

On the other hand, commercial banks face new opportunities for development. This year 2020 will be the year to
complete the building of a moderately prosperous society in all respects and the final year for the 13th Five-Year Plan.
In particular, to hedge the economic impact of the COVID-19 outbreak, China will strengthen the countercyclical
adjustment of macroeconomic policies, make proactive fiscal policy more effective and make prudent monetary policy
more flexible and moderate. China will also pace up infrastructure construction, increase support to small and micro
enterprises and private enterprises, take further steps to ensure stable employment, a stable financial sector, stable foreign
trade, stable foreign investment, stable domestic investment, and stable expectations and improve the ability to deal with
major public health emergencies. All these have offered opportunities for commercial banks to make asset investment and
carry out deposit marketing. China will adhere to the new development philosophy, focus on the main line of supply-side
structural reform, and make precise efforts in areas like modern and advanced manufacturing industries. It will promote
the coordinated development of the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, the integrated development of the Yangtze River Delta,
and the development of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area to build new driving forces that lead high-
quality development, thus create a world-class innovation platform and foster new sources of growth. This will provide
a broad space for structural adjustment, transformation and development of commercial banks. In addition, China will
further deepen its reform and opening-up, expedite the building of advanced market regulatory regimes and standards as
well as reforms of the financial system, and improve the basic policies of the capital market. China will improve the quality
of listed firms and steadily advance reforms of the Growth Enterprise Market and the National Equities Exchange and
Quotation. The nation will also improve the investment policy and service system for the Belt and Road Initiative, and
give full play to the Free Trade Zones’ role as pilot ground for reform and opening-up. These will bring opportunities for
commercial banks to engage in businesses such as mergers and acquisitions, equity finance and cross-border operations. The
Bank will ride on the trend of China’s economic development, grasp the opportunities available from economic growth
and transformation, and continuously improve its risk management system. What’s more, it will strengthen the guiding
role of its credit policy, continuously optimize its asset portfolio allocation and improve risk prevention and control in
key areas, so as to effectively guarantee that the Bank could achieve its objectives of forestalling and defusing financial
risks, serving the real economy and becoming “the enterprise offering the best comprehensive financial services”. In
terms of corporate banking business, the Bank will continue to focus on the core deposits marketing, constantly improve



                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report     87
     Chapter 3 Management Discussion and Analysis




     its corporate deposit structure, and actively support high-end equipment manufacturing, transportation, environmental
     protection, infrastructure construction, inclusive finance, green credit and the private economy. In terms of retail banking
     business, the Bank will comprehensively advance the transformation and high-quality development from the 2 aspects of
     organization transformation and capacity building, with institutional upgradation and iteration and digital transformation
     as the two main lines. With its strategic arrangements in the fields like wealth inheritance of high net wealth people,
     consumption upgradeation of middle class, retirement finance, scenario ecology building, the Bank will comprehensively
     enhance the customer relations in a bid to become the first choice as the wealth management bank. In terms of financial
     markets business, aiming at the improvement of “the capacities of customer management, asset acquisition and transaction
     turnover”, the Bank, with a core task of comprehensive enhancement of light style development, will stick to the bottom
     line of risk compliance, deepen customer management, constantly enhance service capacity and optimize its asset portfolio,
     to improve profitability. In 2020, the Bank will uphold the goal of stable healthy development, return to the basics of
     customer management, and fully promote the transformation to high-quality development. It will strive to achieve a growth
     rate about 10% in its loans to customers and its customer deposits for stable operating profits and the good completion of
     its 2018-2020 development plan. For details of the Bank’s strategies and implementation thereof, please refer to “Capital
     Market Focuses – Implementation of the 2018-2020 Development Plan” in this chapter.

     The future plans, development strategies and other forward-looking descriptions involved in the above prediction do
     not constitute substantive commitments of the Bank to its investors. Investors and relevant persons are kindly reminded
     to maintain adequate risk awareness of such predictions and understand the differences between plans, forecasts and
     commitments.



        3.9 Management of Corporate Social Responsibility

     The Bank adhered to the original mandate of banks to serve the real economy. It undertook economic, environmental and
     social responsibilities, moved ahead in implementing the new development philosophy, built an inclusive finance system
     and implemented precision poverty alleviation. Dedicated to giving back to society, the Bank actively participated in
     public benefit activities, helped vulnerable groups in various fields including poverty alleviation, education, environmental
     protection and health care, and aimed to prosper along with society.

     The Bank upheld the vision of becoming a bank with a human touch, after the outbreak of COVID-19, the Bank donated
     RMB50 million to China Charity Federation for preventing and controlling of the epidemic, rescuing patients and
     protecting medical workers nationwide. Meanwhile, the Bank overcame difficulties and ensured stable provision of financial
     services, playing a positive role in the anti-epidemic battle
     with financial services. The Bank prioritized government
     and hospitals for financial business transactions, and
     actively took due responsibilities to launch a series of
     policies and measures and solve the financing difficulties
     of enterprises. The Bank supported enterprises, especially
     small and micro ones, to resume work and production, and
     supported personal customers for their reasonable appeals
     during this special period.

     For details of social responsibility and public benefit
     activities of the Bank in the reporting period, please refer to
     the 2019 Sustainable Development Report the Bank published
     on the official websites of the SSE (www.sse.com.cn),
     HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank
     (www.citicbank.com) on the disclosure date of this report.




88   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors

    4.1 Principal Business

The Bank is engaged in commercial banking and related financial services.



    4.2 Profit and Dividend Distribution of Ordinary Shares

To give investors reasonable return on investment and help investors develop stable expectation of investment returns,
relevant provisions of the Articles of Association of the Bank lay down explicit requirements on dividend policies of
ordinary shares such as the basis, principles, intervals, methods and conditions of profit distribution, highlight the cash
distribution as the preferred distribution method, provide for the minimum cash distribution proportion of no less than
10% of the net profit attributable to equity holders of the Bank except for special circumstances and that the change
of dividend distribution policies shall be valid after being brought in writing, deliberated and passed in the Board of
Directors meeting and approved by special resolution of the general meeting. And these provisions also offer shareholders
an online voting platform for participation in voting for the proposals on distribution plans. Formulated in compliance
with regulations, through transparent procedures and with complete decision-making process, the Bank’s profit distribution
policy has clear criteria and proportion for profit distribution, fully protects legitimate rights and interests of its minority
investors, and meets the provisions set forth in the Articles of Association of the Bank.

The Bank has not distributed profit through transfer of capital reserve to share capital since its IPOs. Cash dividend
distribution of ordinary shares of the Bank in the past three years is set out in the table below.

                                                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB million
                                                                                                                                  Net profit
                                                                                                                               attributable
                                                                                                                                to ordinary
                                                                              Cash                                            shareholders
                                                                         dividends                                                    of the
                                                                         every ten               Total amount                       Bank as
                                                                             shares                     of cash                indicated in              Distribution
 Year for which dividends                                              (RMB yuan)                   dividends                 consolidated                       ratio
 were distributed                                                         (pre-tax)                   (pre-tax)                  statements                   (%)(Note)
 2016                                                                            2.150                    10,521                     41,629                     25.27%
 2017                                                                            2.610                    12,772                     41,236                     30.97%
 2018                                                                            2.300                    11,255                     43,183                     26.06%

Note:   Distribution ratio is the ratio of the total amount of cash dividends for the current period to the net profit attributable to the ordinary shareholders of the Bank
        on the consolidated financial statements.


After-tax profit as shown on the Bank’s audited 2019 financial statements respectively prepared in accordance with the
PRC Accounting Standards and IFRS were both RMB45.592 billion.




                                                                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report            89
     Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




     The Bank transferred 10% of its after-tax profit as shown on the financial statements prepared in accordance with the PRC
     Accounting Standards to the statutory surplus reserve, with the accrual thereof recording RMB4.559 billion as at the end of
     the current period.

     In comprehensive consideration of the overall interests of all shareholders, the Bank’s business development plan, equity
     investment matters, the need to safeguard the Bank’s sustainable development and the regulatory requirements on capital
     adequacy ratios, and in the light of the industry’s characteristics and development phase as well as the Bank’s profitability,
     the Bank plans to pay cash dividends to all ordinary shareholders based on the total share number as shown on the Bank’s
     register on the register date. And the cash dividends for A shares and H shares on the register will be RMB2.39 per 10
     shares (before tax). Calculated according to the total A shares and H shares on register as at December 31 2019, the total
     dividends of 2019 for ordinary shareholders will be RMB11.695 billion29, accounting for 25.05% of the consolidated net
     profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank.

     It is planed that the Bank will maintain the dividends per share unchanged and adjust the total dividends when there is
     a change in the Bank’s total shares before the register date. And these dividends shall be denominated and declared in
     Renminbi, and shall be paid to A shareholders in Renminbi and to H shareholders in Hong Kong dollar. The dividends to
     be paid in Hong Kong dollar shall be calculated in accordance with the average benchmark exchange rate of Renminbi to
     Hong Kong dollar as released by PBOC one week preceding the convening of the 2019 Annual General Meeting (inclusive
     of the date of the general meeting). No scheme for transfer of capital reserve to share capital will be applied for the current
     year. Retained undistributed profit after dividend payment shall be carried forward to the next financial year and continue
     to be used to replenish the Bank’s capital so as to maintain reasonable capital adequacy ratio. The Bank recorded a 11.07%
     return on weighted average equity attributable to its ordinary shareholders in 2019 and is expected to maintain a certain
     level of return and contribution in 2020.

     This ordinary share profit distribution plan (“the Plan”) complies with relevant provisions of the Articles of Association of
     the Bank and follows clear criteria and proportions of dividend payment. After sufficient discussion and consideration
     at the meeting of the Strategic Development Committee of the Board of Directors of the Bank, the Plan was submitted
     for deliberation at the meetings of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors convened on 26 March 2020
     and adopted afterward. It shall be submitted to the 2019 Annual General Meeting to be convened on 20 May 2020 for
     deliberation. It is expected that the Bank will pay the 2019 annual dividends to its ordinary shareholders within two
     months as of the adoption of the Plan by the general meeting. The Bank proposed to pay the 2019 annual dividends to H
     shareholders on 15 July 2020. And, should there be any change thereof, the Bank will publish a separate announcement for
     disclosure. The record date and specific method of dividend payment to its A shareholders shall be announced separately by
     the Bank.

     The Bank’s independent non-executive directors have performed their due responsibilities in the decision-making process
     of the Plan and expressed their independent opinion on the Plan as follows: The 2019 ordinary share profit distribution
     plan of the Bank is consistent with the reality of the Bank and has taken the overall interests of both the Bank and its
     shareholders into consideration. We hereby endorse the Plan and agree to have the Plan submitted to the 2019 Annual
     General Meeting for deliberation.

     When the Plan is submitted to the 2019 Annual General Meeting for deliberation, the Bank will, as required by
     relevant regulatory requirements, offer investors online voting facilities and disclose voting results in accordance with the
     shareholding percentages of the voting A shareholders. The shareholding percentages are placed in the three ranges of
     below 1%, 1-5%, and above 5%. The shareholders with less than 1% shareholding will be further classified into the two
     categories of above and below RMB500,000 market value of shareholdings and their voting results shall be further disclosed
     accordingly. Minority investors have opportunities to fully express their opinions and demands, and the preparation and
     implementation of this Plan fully protects their legitimate rights and interests.

     For details of the profit distribution plan of ordinary shares of the Bank, please refer to relevant announcement published
     on the official websites of the SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com)
     on the disclosure date of this report.




     29	Since the convertible bonds issued by the Bank are in the conversion period, the total cash dividends of ordinary shares actually distributed will be determined
              based on the total share number as shown on the Bank’s register on the register date.




90   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                             Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




   4.3 Material Litigations and Arbitrations

The Group was involved in several litigation and arbitration cases in its ordinary and usual course of business. Most
of these litigations and arbitrations were initiated by the Group for loan recovery, and there were also litigations and
arbitrations resulting from disputes with customers. As at the end of the reporting period, there were 121 outstanding
litigation and arbitration cases (regardless of the disputed amounts) involved in the Group’s ordinary and usual course of
business where the Group acted as defendant/respondent with an aggregate disputed amount of RMB2.436 billion.

The Bank is of the view that the above-mentioned litigations or arbitrations will not have significant adverse impacts on
either its financial position or its operating results.



   4.4 Appropriation of Funds by the Controlling Shareholder and Other
        Related Parties

There was no appropriation of the Bank’s funds by either the controlling shareholder or other related parties.
PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP has issued the Special Report on Fund Appropriation by the Controlling Shareholder
of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited and Other Related Parties with regard to appropriation of the Bank’s funds by
the controlling shareholder and other related parties in 2019. Please refer to the relevant announcements the Bank disclosed
on the official websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) on
the disclosure date of this report for relevant information.



   4.5 Material Related Party Transactions

When engaging in related party transactions with related parties during its ordinary and usual course of business, the Bank
executed the transactions with terms being no more favorable than those available to independent third parties according
to general business principles. For statistical details of the related party transactions, please refer to Note 58 “Related Party
Relationship and Transactions” to the financial statement contained in this report. Except what has been disclosed under
this sector, these related transactions constitute no connected transaction as per Chapter 14A of Hong Kong Listing Rules.
And the transactions constituting connected transactions as per the Chapter 14A of Hong Kong Listing Rules all complied
with the disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of Hong Kong Listing Rules.

4.5.1 Related Party Transactions Involving Disposal and Acquisition of Assets or
       Equity
During the reporting period, the Bank was not engaged in any material related party transactions involving the disposal and
acquisition of assets or equity.




                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report     91
     Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




     4.5.2 Credit Extension Continuing Related Party Transactions
     In line with the need for business development, and with approval from the 2nd Extraordinary General Meeting of 2017
     convened on 30 November 2017, the Bank applied to SSE for the respective annual caps on credit extension for related
     party transactions with CITIC Group and its related parties, with Xinhu Zhongbao and its related parties, and with China
     Tobacco and its related parties from 2018 to 2020. In line with the need for business development, and with approval
     from the 7th meeting of the 5th session of the Board of Directors convened on 25 October 2018, the Bank applied to
     SSE for the annual caps on credit extension for related party transactions with Poly Group and its related parties from
     2018 to 2020. Subject to the regulatory requirements applicable to the Bank, the 2019 annual caps on credit extension for
     related party transactions with the afore-mentioned four parties under the SSE regulatory criteria came to the amounts of
     RMB150 billion, RMB20 billion, RMB20 billion and RMB18 billion, respectively. In addition, the balances of the Bank’s
     credit extension to these four parties may not exceed 15% of the Bank’s net capital of the preceding quarter as per relevant
     CBIRC requirements. All credit extension transactions between the Bank and the above-mentioned related parties followed
     general commercial principles and were executed with terms no more favorable than those available to independent third
     parties for similar transactions.

     The Bank attached great importance to the day-to-day monitoring and management of credit extension related party
     transactions and ensured lawfulness and compliance of such transactions by enhancing relevant measures such as more
     intensive process-based management, strict risk review and better post-lending management of related credit extension. As
     at the end of the reporting period, the balance of credit that the Bank and its subsidiaries extended to all related enterprises
     under the SSE regulatory criteria amounted to RMB40.355 billion, including RMB32.297 billion to CITIC Group and its
     related parties, RMB7.040 billion to Xinhu Zhongbao and its related parties, zero to China Tobacco and its related parties,
     RMB0.518 billion to Poly Group and its related parties, and RMB0.5 billion to related parties where the Bank’s related
     natural persons invested in or worked for. Under the CBIRC regulatory criteria, the balance of credit that the Bank and its
     subsidiaries extended to all related enterprises amounted to RMB73.271 billion, including RMB31.122 billion to CITIC
     Group and its related parties, RMB19.599 billion to Xinhu Zhongbao and its related parties, RMB0.185 billion to China
     Tobacco and its related parties, RMB20.596 billion to Poly Group and its related parties, and RMB1.769 billion to related
     parties where the Bank’s related natural persons invested in or worked for. Such credit extensions to related enterprises
     were of good quality in general, with one transaction being a special mention loans (RMB1.044 billion) and two being
     substandard loans (RMB983 million), and all others being performing loans. As such, these credit extension transactions
     will not exert material impacts on the normal operation of the Bank in terms of transaction volume, structure and quality.

     The Bank stringently followed the SSE and CBIRC requirements on review and disclosure of credit extension to related
     parties. As at the end of the reporting period, there was no fund exchange or appropriation as set forth in the provisions
     of the Notice on Several Issues Concerning the Standardization of Fund Exchanges between Listed Companies and Their Related
     Parties and External Guarantees Provided by Listed Companies (as amended in 2017) (CSRC Announcement [2017] No.16)
     and the Notice on Standardization of External Guarantees Provided by Listed Companies (CSRC Release [2005] No.120).
     The related loans that the Bank extended to CITIC Group and its related parties, Xinhu Zhongbao and its related parties,
     China Tobacco and its related parties, Poly Group and its related parties, and the related parties where the Bank’s related
     natural persons invested in or worked for had no adverse impact on the operating results or financial position of the Bank.




92   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                           Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




4.5.3 Non-Credit Extension Continuing Related Party Transactions
In line with the need for business development, and with approval from the 25th meeting of the 4th session of the
Board of Directors convened on 24 August 2017 and the 2nd Extraordinary General Meeting of 2017 convened on 30
November 2017, the Bank applied to SSE and SEHK for the annual caps on the seven main categories of non-credit
extension continuing related party transactions with CITIC Group and its related parties for 2018-2020, and has entered
into relevant continuing related party transactions agreements on the board meeting day. In line with the need for business
development, and with review and approval from the 7th meeting of the 5th session of the Board of Directors convened
on 25 October 2018, the Bank applied to SSE for the respective annual caps on non-credit extension continuing related
party transactions with Xinhu Zhongbao and its related parties, with China Tobacco and its related parties, and with Poly
Group and its related parties from 2018 to 2020. The non-credit extension transactions between the Bank and the above-
mentioned related parties followed general commercial principles and were executed with terms no more favorable than
those available to independent third parties for similar transactions.

The Bank carried out non-credit extension continuing related party transactions with CITIC Group and its related parties,
with Xinhu Zhongbao and its related parties, with China Tobacco and its related parties, and with Poly Group and its
related parties according to the applicable provisions of Chapter 14A of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The
Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and Chapter 10 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock
Exchange. Particulars thereof are described as follows:

4.5.3.1 Third-Party Escrow Services
Third-party escrow services between the Bank and its substantial shareholders and their associates shall be delivered on
terms no more favorable than those available to independent third parties. The service fees payable to the Bank by its
substantial shareholders and their associates shall be determined on the basis of relevant market price and subject to
periodic reviews. The principal terms of the Third-Party Escrow Service Framework Agreement are set out as follows: (1)
to provide third-party escrow services in connection with the transaction settlement funds of the customers of different
securities companies; (2) the services to be provided under the agreement include but not limited to funds transfer,
payment of interest and other settlement-related matters; (3) the service recipient shall, and will procure its associates to,
pay service fees to the service provider (if applicable); (4) the services to be provided under the agreement shall be made on
terms no less favorable to the Bank than those available to or from independent third parties.

During the reporting period, related party transactions on third-party escrow services between the Bank and its substantial
shareholders and their associates are as follows:

                                                                                                       Unit: RMB100 million
                                                                  Basis of                Annual cap in        Transaction
 Counterparty                              Business type          calculation                     2019      amount in 2019
 CITIC Group and its associates                                                                      0.8               0.16
 Xinhu Zhongbao and its associates         Third-Party                                               0.5                   0
                                                                  Service fees
 China Tobacco and its associates            Escrow Services                                         0.5                   0
 Poly Group and its associates                                                                       0.5                   0

As at the end of the reporting period, none of related party transactions on third-party escrow services between the Bank
and the aforementioned substantial shareholders and their associates exceeded the corresponding approved annual cap of
the Bank.




                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report    93
     Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




     4.5.3.2 Asset Custody Services
     Asset custody services, account management services and third-party regulatory services provided between the Bank and
     its substantial shareholders and their associates shall be delivered on terms no more favorable than those available to
     independent third parties. The service fees payable to each other shall be determined on the basis of relevant market price
     and the categories of assets or funds under custody, subject to periodic review. The principal terms of the Asset Custody
     Service Framework Agreement are set out as follows: (1) to provide asset custody services and account management services
     in connection with financial assets or funds, including but not limited to, assets under management by fund companies
     (including securities investment funds), assets under management by securities companies, assets under management by
     trust companies, wealth management products of commercial banks, assets under management by insurance companies,
     equity investment funds, enterprise annuities, QDII, QFII, social insurance funds, welfare plans, funds of third-party
     transactions; (2) to conduct third-party supervising services, the service recipient shall pay the service fees; (3) the service
     recipient shall, and will procure its associates to, pay service fees to the service provider; and (4) the services to be provided
     under the agreement shall be made on terms no less favorable to the Bank than those available to or from independent
     third parties.

     During the reporting period, related party transactions on asset custody services between the Bank and its substantial
     shareholders and their associates are as follows:

                                                                                                               Unit: RMB100 million
                                                                          Basis of                Annual cap in        Transaction
      Counterparty                               Business type            calculation                     2019      amount in 2019
      CITIC Group and its associates                                                                          15                4.55
      Xinhu Zhongbao and its associates          Asset Custody                                                 2                    0
                                                                          Service fees
      China Tobacco and its associates             Services                                                    2                0.01
      Poly Group and its associates                                                                            2               0.004

     As at the end of the reporting period, none of related party transactions on asset custody services between the Bank and the
     aforementioned substantial shareholders and their associates exceeded the corresponding approved annual cap of the Bank.




94   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




4.5.3.3 Financial Consulting and Asset Management Services
The financial consulting and asset management services provided between the Bank and its substantial shareholders and
their associates shall have no fixed prices or rates. The price and rate applicable to a particular service may be calculated
on the basis of the scale, rate and duration of the service, and shall be determined through fair and reciprocal negotiations
between the parties and on terms no more favorable than those available to independent third parties. The principal terms
of the Financial Consulting Service and Asset Management Service Framework Agreement are set out as follows: (1) the
services including, but not limited to: bond underwriting, financing and financial consulting services, financial products
agency sales services, asset securitization underwriting, entrusted loans services, underwriting of investment and financing
projects, consulting services, and management of factoring receivables, collection of receivables and guarantee for bad debts,
etc.; (2) the service recipient shall, and will procure its associates to pay service fees to the service provider (if applicable); (3)
the services to be provided under the agreement shall be made on terms no less favorable to the Bank than those available
to or from independent third parties.

During the reporting period, related party transactions on financial consulting and asset management services between the
Bank and its substantial shareholders and their associates are as follows:

                                                                                                              Unit: RMB100 million
                                                                           Basis of             Annual cap in         Transaction
 Counterparty                                 Business type                calculation                  2019       amount in 2019
 CITIC Group and its associates                                                                              50                 6.66
                                              Financial
 Xinhu Zhongbao and its associates              Consulting and                                                5                 0.09
                                                                           Service fees
 China Tobacco and its associates               Asset Management                                              5                0.004
                                                Services
 Poly Group and its associates                                                                                5                 0.02

As at the end of the reporting period, none of related party transactions on financial consulting and asset management
services between the Bank and the aforementioned substantial shareholders and their associates exceeded the corresponding
approved annual cap of the Bank.

4.5.3.4 Capital Transactions
The Bank and its substantial shareholders and their associates shall conduct capital transactions in their ordinary and usual
course of business according to applicable general market practices and on normal commercial terms. The prices and rates
applicable to such transactions between the two parties shall be the prevailing market prices with reference to the rates
generally applicable to independent third parties for similar transactions. Specifically, for foreign exchange and precious
metals transactions, precious metals leasing, money market transactions, and bond transactions and other business, the two
parties shall price their transactions according to publicly available market prices; for agency settlement of bonds business,
the two parties shall decide on the rates thereof according to prevailing industrial regulations; and for financial derivatives,
transaction prices shall be fixed in accordance with factors such as the level of market activity of the underlying products,
openly available market quotes and the Bank’s requirements relating to the management of various risks. The principal
terms of the Capital Transactions Framework Agreement are set out as follows: transactions covered, including but not
limited to, foreign currency and precious metals transactions, precious metals leasing, money market transactions, bond
transactions and agency settlement of bonds and financial derivatives transactions.




                                                                                                                  2019 Annual Report      95
     Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




     During the reporting period, related party capital transactions between the Bank and its substantial shareholders and their
     associates are as follows:

                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB100 million
                                                                                                            Annual cap in         Transaction
      Counterparty                        Business type             Basis of calculation                            2019       amount in 2019
                                                                    Gains and losses of transactions                  15                 2.66
      CITIC Group and its associates                                Fair value recorded as assets                     25                 2.07
                                                                    Fair value recorded as liabilities                45                 2.44
                                                                    Gains and losses of transactions                     5               0.03
      Xinhu Zhongbao and its associates                             Fair value recorded as assets                     10                   0
                                                                    Fair value recorded as liabilities                10                   0
                                          Capital Transactions
                                                                    Gains and losses of transactions                     5                 0
      China Tobacco and its associates                              Fair value recorded as assets                     10                   0
                                                                    Fair value recorded as liabilities                10                   0
                                                                    Gains and losses of transactions                     5                 0
      Poly Group and its associates                                 Fair value recorded as assets                     50                   0
                                                                    Fair value recorded as liabilities                50                   0

     As at the end of the reporting period, none of related party capital transactions between the Bank and the aforementioned
     substantial shareholders and their associates exceeded the corresponding approved annual cap of the Bank.

     4.5.3.5 Comprehensive Services
     Comprehensive services provided between the Bank and its substantial shareholders and their associates include but are not
     limited to medical insurance and enterprise annuity, procurement of goods and services, outsourcing services, value-added
     services, advertising services, technology services and property lease. The Bank and its substantial shareholders and their
     associates shall apply prevailing market prices or applicable rates of independent third-party transactions to comprehensive
     services between them and shall determine the price and rate of a particular type of service through fair and reciprocal
     negotiations and according to applicable market price and rate. The principal terms of the Comprehensive Service Framework
     Agreement are set out as follows: (1) services conducted include, but are not limited to, medical insurance and enterprise
     annuity; merchandise service procurement (including conference hosting services); outsourcing services; value-added
     services (including bank card customers’ credit point exchange services and electronic online banking services); advertising
     services; technology services and property leasing; (2) both parties of the agreement shall provide the services prescribed in
     the agreement; and (3) the service recipient shall pay the service fees to the service provider with respect to the services it
     provides. The services to be provided under the agreement shall be made on terms no less favorable to the Bank than those
     available to or from independent third-party customers.

     During the reporting period, related party transactions on comprehensive services between the Bank and its substantial
     shareholders and their associates are as follows:

                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB100 million
                                                                               Basis of                  Annual cap in          Transaction
      Counterparty                                  Business type              calculation                       2019        amount in 2019
      CITIC Group and its associates                                                                                35                 26.84
      Xinhu Zhongbao and its associates             Comprehensive                                                    1                  0.12
                                                                               Service fees
      China Tobacco and its associates               Services                                                        1                  0.08
      Poly Group and its associates                                                                                  4                  0.16

     As at the end of the reporting period, none of related party transactions on comprehensive services between the Bank and
     the aforementioned substantial shareholders and their associates exceeded the corresponding approved annual cap of the
     Bank.


96   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                               Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




4.5.3.6 Asset Transfer
Asset transfer transactions between the Bank and its substantial shareholders and their associates shall be made on terms
no more favorable than those available to independent third parties. The transfer prices payable by the transferee shall be
determined according to the following principles: (1) for transfer of general assets, as per regulatory requirements, credit
assets shall be transferred on the principle of entirety. When transferring a credit asset to the transferee, the transferor shall
use the loan principal as the transaction price, make a parity transfer without discount or premium, and prioritize the
consideration of post-transfer obligations to be performed by the transferor and the transferee in addition to the market
supply and demand; (2) for transfer of assets in asset securitization, the Bank shall use the loan principal as the transaction
price when transferring a credit asset to a related party. Except for securitization of non-performing assets, the Bank
shall make parity transfers in general. In terms of the issuance interest rate of the asset-backed securities, the prioritized
asset-backed securities’ issuance interest rate (with exclusion of the sections held by the originating institutions) shall be
determined by the approach of single spread (Netherland Style) bidding or book building through the bidding system of
China Central Depository & Clearing Co., Ltd., and the secondary asset-backed securities (with exclusion of the sections
held by the originating institutions) are determined by the number of tenders or by the book building approach; and (3)
where there is no statutory government-prescribed transfer price available at present for a particular asset transfer, once such
statutory prices are available in the future, the concerned asset transfers shall be priced with reference to the government
prescribed prices. The principal terms of the Asset Transfer Framework Agreement are set out as follows: (1) to buy or sell
the interests in credit loan or other related assets (including but not limited to, directly or through asset management plan,
asset securitization, factoring or other forms to sell corporate and retail credit loan assets, and inter-bank creditor’s rights); (2)
the term of business under the agreement shall be made on terms no less favorable to the Bank than terms available to or
from independent third parties; (3) the agreement shall specify the management rights of the credit loan and other related
assets; and (4) undertake confidentiality obligations in respect of the asset transfer.

During the reporting period, related party transactions on asset transfer between the Bank and its substantial shareholders
and their associates are as follows:

                                                                                                             Unit: RMB100 million
                                                                                                Annual cap in        Transaction
 Counterparty                                 Business type       Basis of calculation                  2019      amount in 2019
 CITIC Group and its associates                                                                          2,200              505.95
 Xinhu Zhongbao and its associates                                                                         100                    0
                                              Asset Transfer      Transaction amount
 China Tobacco and its associates                                                                          100                    0
 Poly Group and its associates                                                                             100                    0

As at the end of the reporting period, none of related party transactions on asset transfer between the Bank and the
aforementioned substantial shareholders and their associates exceeded the corresponding approved annual cap of the Bank.

4.5.3.7 Wealth Management and Investment Services
The Bank and its substantial shareholders and their associates shall apply general market practices and normal commercial
terms in their ordinary and usual course of business. The Bank provides its substantial shareholders and their associates
with wealth management and investment services including non-principal-protected wealth management and agency
services, principal-protected wealth management, and proprietary fund investment, while its substantial shareholders and
their associates provide the Bank with intermediary services of wealth management, such as trust services and management
services. The transactions between the two parties shall be made through fair negotiations, determined in accordance with
normal commercial terms and conducted on terms no more favorable than those available to independent third parties,
in line with the categories and scopes of wealth management services, and with real-time adjustments made according to
changes in market price. The principal terms of the Wealth Management and Investment Service Framework Agreement
are set out as follows: (1) To provide wealth management and investment services, including non-principal-protected wealth
management services and agency services, principal-protected wealth management services, and proprietary fund investment;
and the related party will provide the Bank with wealth management intermediary services, including trust services and
management services; (2) the related party shall pay service fees to the Bank with respect to the wealth management and
investment services provided by the Bank, while the Bank shall also pay service fees to the related party with respect to the
wealth management intermediary services; and (3) the services to be provided under the agreement shall be made on terms
no less favorable to the Bank than those available to or from independent third parties.



                                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report      97
     Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




     During the reporting period, related party transactions on wealth management and investment services between the Bank
     and its substantial shareholders and their associates are as follows:

                                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB100 million
                                                                                                                             Annual cap      Transaction
      Counterparty                       Business type                           Basis of calculation                           in 2019   amount in 2019
                                         Non-principal-protected wealth
                                                                                 Service fees                                       30             10.43
                                           management and agency services
                                                                                 Period-end balance of principal in wealth
                                                                                                                                   140              1.19
                                                                                   management services for customers
      CITIC Group and its associates
                                         Principal-protected wealth management   Yield on wealth management services for
                                                                                                                                     6              0.11
                                            and investment services                 customers
                                                                                 Bank investment return and service fees            68              7.82
                                                                                 Period-end balance of investment funds           1,000           208.56
                                         Non-principal-protected wealth
                                                                                 Service fees                                        5           0.00002
                                           management and agency services
                                                                                 Period-end balance of principal in wealth
                                                                                                                                   100                0
      Xinhu Zhongbao and                                                           management services for customers
        its associates                   Principal-protected wealth management   Yield on wealth management services for
                                                                                                                                    10             0.004
                                            and investment services                 customers
                                                                                 Bank investment return and service fees             4                0
                                                                                 Period-end balance of investment funds             50                0
                                         Non-principal-protected wealth
                                                                                 Service fees                                        1                0
                                           management and agency services
                                                                                 Period-end balance of principal in wealth
                                                                                                                                    10                0
                                                                                   management services for customers
      China Tobacco and its associates
                                         Principal-protected wealth management   Yield on wealth management services for
                                                                                                                                     1                0
                                            and investment services                 customers
                                                                                 Bank investment return and service fees             1                0
                                                                                 Period-end balance of investment funds             10                0
                                         Non-principal-protected wealth
                                                                                 Service fees                                        3            0.0002
                                           management and agency services
                                                                                 Period-end balance of principal in wealth
                                                                                                                                    30                0
                                                                                   management services for customers
      Poly Group and its associates
                                         Principal-protected wealth management   Yield on wealth management services for
                                                                                                                                     3            0.0003
                                            and investment services                 customers
                                                                                 Bank investment return and service fees             4                0
                                                                                 Period-end balance of investment funds             50                0

     As at the end of the reporting period, none of related party transactions on wealth management and investment services
     between the Bank and the aforementioned substantial shareholders and their associates exceeded the corresponding
     approved annual cap.




98   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                          Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




4.5.4 One-off Connected Transactions
During the reporting period, the Bank conducted the following one-off connected transactions under Hong Kong Listing
Rules.

Subscription for A Share Convertible Bonds of Connected Person
The Bank and CITIC Corporation Limited entered into the Agreement on Subscription of the Publicly Issued A Share
Convertible Corporate Bonds on 28 February 2019, pursuant to which, CITIC Corporation Limited subscribes for A Share
Convertible Bonds issued by the Bank at the consideration of no more than RMB26.388 billion in cash.

(1)   Date: 28 February 2019

(2)   Parties: 1) Party A (Issuer): The Bank; 2) Party B (Subscriber): CITIC Corporation Limited

(3)   The Issuance: The total amount of the Convertible Bonds issued by Party A will be no more than RMB40 billion.
      The actual size shall be determined by the Board authorized by the general meeting of the Issuer after receiving the
      CSRC’s approval on the public issuance of the A Share Convertible Bonds within the above scope.

(4)   Subscription: Party B plans to subscribe for 263,880,000 Convertible Bonds from Party A. The final subscription
      number shall be subject to the number of Convertible Bonds placed in the preferential placement determined in
      accordance with the market conditions before the Issuance by the Board of Party A, and the balance of online
      subscription Party B obtained after participating in the preferential placement (if any).

(5)   Price: The Convertible Bonds of Party A will be issued at par with a nominal value of RMB100 each.

(6)   Reasons for and Benefits of the Transaction: To improve the Bank’s capital adequacy ratio and strengthen the Bank’s
      comprehensive competitiveness and sustainable development, the Bank previously approved the Issuance of A Shares
      Convertible Bonds. As a financing instrument with the characteristics of both stocks and bonds, convertible bonds
      have a long term, which makes them well recognized by the investors and meet the needs of the market. Therefore,
      corporate bonds are a realistic choice for the Bank to supplement its core tier one capital. To protect the interests
      of the existing shareholders and reduce the dilution effect on the existing shareholders caused by the Issuance, the
      Issuance provides the existing A Share shareholders with preferential right, which entitles them to preferentially
      subscribe for the A Share Convertible Bonds in accordance with the proportion of the A Shares possessed by each of
      them of the Bank.

(7)   Hong Kong Listing Rules Implications: As CITIC Corporation Limited holds 65.37% of the shares of the Bank,
      and CITIC Limited and its subsidiaries (including CITIC Corporation Limited) holds 65.97% of the shares of
      the Bank, CITIC Corporation Limited is a connected person to the Bank. The Transaction constitutes a non-
      exempt connected transaction of the Bank under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. This Transaction is subject to the
      reporting, announcement, and the independent shareholders’ approval requirements according to Chapter 14A of
      the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Please refer to the relevant announcements published by the Bank on the websites of
      HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) on 28 February 2019 for relevant details about
      the above transaction.




                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report     99
      Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




      4.5.5 Related Party Transactions in Joint External Investment
      During the reporting period, the Bank did not have any material related party transaction arising from joint external
      investment with its related parties.

      4.5.6 Related Party Debt Transactions and Guarantees
      For details of related party debt transactions and guarantees between the Bank and its related parties, please refer to Note
      58 to the financial statements of this report.

      4.5.7 Transaction Balances and Risk Exposures of Related Natural Persons
      For details of the transaction balances and risk exposures relating to the transactions between the Bank and its related
      natural persons, please refer to Note 58 to the financial statements of this report.

      4.5.8 Confirmation by Independent Non-Executive Directors and the Auditor
      Upon review of the various continuing connected transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules made in the reporting
      period, the independent non-executive directors of the Bank confirmed that these transactions:

      (1)   were entered into during the Bank’s ordinary and usual course of business;

      (2)   followed general commercial terms; and

      (3)   abided by the terms and conditions of the concerned transaction contracts that were fair, reasonable and consistent
            with the overall interests of the Bank’s shareholders.

      The auditor obtained the list of continuing connected transactions from the Bank’s management. After completing relevant
      work in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (amended) “Assurance Engagements Other
      than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” issued by Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
      and the Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules”,
      the auditor did not find any of the following issues regarding the disclosed continuing connected transactions of the Bank:

      (1)   continuing connected transactions not approved by the Board of Directors of the Bank;

      (2)   pricing of connected transactions involving the provision of goods and services not compliant with the Group’s
            pricing policy in all material aspects;

      (3)   execution of connected transactions not compliant with the terms and conditions of the concerned connected
            transaction agreements in all material aspects; and

      (4)   aggregate value of various continuing connected transactions exceeding their respective annual caps disclosed in the
            announcements dated 24 August 2017 and 30 November 2017.

      The Board of Directors has confirmed the receipt of confirmation from the auditor on matters required by Rule 14A.56
      under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




100   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                          Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




   4.6 Material Contracts and Their Performance

4.6.1 Custody, Contracting or Lease of Material Assets
During the reporting period, the Bank did not have any material custody, contracting or leasing of any assets of other
companies that took place during the reporting period or that took place in previous periods but went on to the reporting
period; neither did other companies hold custody of, contract or lease any material assets of the Bank.

4.6.2 Material Guarantees
The guarantee business is one of the Bank’s regular off-balance sheet items. During the reporting period, the Bank did not
have any other material guarantee that needs to be disclosed except for the financial guarantee business that is within its
approved business scope.

              Special Explanations and Independent Opinions of Independent Non-Executive Directors
                        Concerning the Guarantees Provided by the Bank to External Parties

We, as independent non-executive directors of China CITIC Bank, have reviewed the guarantees provided by China CITIC
Bank to external parties in an impartial, fair and objective manner, and hereby express the following special explanations
and opinions:

We have verified that the guarantees hitherto provided by the Group to external parties were mainly letters of guarantee
(LG), which is one of the regular banking businesses within the approved business scope of the Group. As at the end of the
reporting period, the value balance of the letters of guarantee issued by the Group was equivalent to RMB147.154 billion.

The Group always attaches great importance to risk management of its L/G business. It has formulated creditability
standards of the guaranteed obligor, as well as the operation procedures and the review and approval procedures for the
guarantee business based on the risk profiles of the L/G business. During the reporting period, the L/G business of the
Group went well, free of any illegal guarantee. We are of the view that the Group has effectively controlled the risks
relating to its guarantee business.

                                     Independent Non-Executive Directors of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                   He Cao, Chen Lihua, Qian Jun, Yan Lap Kei Isaac

4.6.3 Entrusted Wealth Management
During the reporting period, the Bank did not have any entrusted wealth management transactions beyond its normal
scope of business.

4.6.4 Other Material Contracts
During the reporting period, the Bank did not sign any other material contracts beyond its normal scope of business.




                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report    101
      Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




         4.7 Undertakings by the Company and Its Relevant Stakeholders

      According to relevant CSRC regulations, the Bank proposed remedial measures regarding the dilution of immediate returns
      that may arise from the non-public offering of preference shares and the public issuance of A-share convertible corporate
      bonds and their listings on 30 October 2014 and 26 August 2016, respectively. These measures include: strengthening
      capital planning and management to ensure capital adequacy and stability; reinforcing asset restructuring to improve capital
      allocation efficiency; enhancing operational efficiency and reducing operating costs; improving the internal capital adequacy
      assessment process for better capital management; strengthening capital stress test and improving capital emergency
      response plans. At the same time, the directors and senior management members of the Bank also gave undertakings to
      effectively execute the remedial measures concerning the dilution of immediate returns on A-share convertible corporate
      bonds publicly offered on 26 August 2016. During the reporting period, the Bank was not aware of any violation of the
      above-mentioned undertakings.

      During the reporting period, the Bank was not aware of any other undertakings that were performed during the reporting
      period or overdue undertakings not yet performed as at the end of the reporting period by its de facto controller,
      shareholders, related parties, acquirers and the Bank itself or other parties that had given undertakings.



         4.8 Engagement of Auditors

      As per the resolution adopted by the 2018 Annual General Meeting, the Bank continued to engage PricewaterhouseCoopers
      Zhong Tian LLP as its domestic auditor and PricewaterhouseCoopers as its overseas auditor for the year 2019. The Bank
      has engaged these two accounting firms as its auditors since the 2015 annual audit. The two accounting firms have both
      provided audit services to the Bank for 5 consecutive years. Zhu Yu and Li Yan are the signing CPAs for the auditor’s
      report regarding the Bank’s 2019 financial statements prepared in accordance with the PRC Accounting Standards. And
      they have provided 3 and 2 consecutive years’ audit service for the Bank. Chan Kwong Tak is the signing CPA for the
      auditor’s report regarding the Bank’s 2019 financial statements prepared in accordance with the IFRS, and he has provided
      3 consecutive years’ audit service for the Bank.

      The Group paid audit fees equivalent to about RMB21.31 million (including RMB10.70 million for the auditing of
      the Bank and RMB10.61 million for its subsidiaries) in total to PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP who audited
      its 2019 financial report prepared in accordance with the PRC Accounting Standards and its internal control report as
      at 31 December 2019 and to PricewaterhouseCoopers who audited its 2019 financial report prepared in accordance
      with the IFRS. This amount included RMB1 million fee for auditing the internal control report. The statements of
      PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers regarding their responsibilities pertaining to the
      financial reports are set out in the auditor’s reports contained in the A-share and H-share annual reports, respectively.

      Except for the above-mentioned audit fees, the Group paid approximately RMB7.84 million to PricewaterhouseCoopers
      Zhong Tian LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers for their non-audit services (including professional services rendered for asset
      securitization, tax consulting and IT services, etc.).




102   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                            Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




   4.9 Amendment to the Articles of Association

In May 2018, in accordance with the CBIRC’s Interim Measures for the Equity Management of Commercial Banks, the
CSRC’s Code of Corporate Governance for Listed Companies and Guidelines for Articles of Association of Listed Companies
and in alignment with its actual situations, the Bank added relevant contents, including the definition of a substantial
shareholder, the shareholder obligations, accumulative voting mechanism for electing directors and supervisors and the
internal audit work mechanism to its Articles of Association, and amended existing provisions regarding the definition of
related party transactions, the expression relating to the chairperson of the board of supervisors and the standard setting
process for external supervisor allowances. The proposal concerning these amendments was reviewed and adopted at the
2nd Extraordinary General Meeting of 2018 convened on 8 August 2018. The amended Articles of Association came into
effect upon approval by CBIRC on 11 June 2019.

In December 2018, the Bank planned to make the non-public offering of no more than 400 million preference shares in
China, and after the completion of the issuance, amend the provisions of its Articles of Association relating to the issuance
of the preference shares based on the results of this issuance, including the completion date of the issuance and the Bank’s
total number of preference shares. The proposal regarding these amendments to the Articles of Association was reviewed
and adopted at the 1st Extraordinary General Meeting of 2019 convened on 30 January 2019. The amended Articles of
Association will come into effect after the completion of the issuance of preference share and upon approval by CBIRC.

Please refer to the relevant announcements published by the Bank on the websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews
(www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) on 9 August 2018, 31 January 2019 and 18 June 2019 respectively
for relevant details about the amendments to the Articles of Association. Investors may check against the full text of the
prevailing Articles of Association of the Bank on the above websites.



   4.10 Equity Incentive Scheme

The Bank did not have any equity incentive scheme in effect as at the end of the reporting period.



   4.11 Use of Funds Raised

All proceeds raised by the Bank were used in accordance with the purposes disclosed in relevant documents including the
prospectuses for the IPOs and the rights issue, i.e., all the proceeds were used to replenish the capital of the Bank and
improve the capital adequacy ratios and risk resilience of the Bank.



   4.12 Penalties and Remedial Actions of the Company and Its Relevant
        Stakeholders

To the best knowledge of the Bank, during the reporting period, neither the Bank nor any of its incumbent directors,
supervisors, senior management members, controlling shareholder, de facto controller or acquirers had any record of being
subject to investigation by competent authorities or coercive measures by judicial bodies or disciplinary bodies, transfer to
judicial bodies or accountability of criminal liabilities, case investigation or administrative penalties by CSRC, ban of entry
into securities markets, being identified as inappropriate candidates, material administrative punishments by environmental
protection, work safety, taxation or other administrative authorities, or public censure by any stock exchange; nor was the
Bank subject to regulatory and administrative measures or requirements for remedial actions within prescribed time limits
by CSRC or its dispatched agencies.




                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report     103
      Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




      During the reporting period, the Bank conducted its business activities in accordance with laws and complied with the
      provisions of relevant laws, regulations and its Articles of Association in its decision-making procedures. Its directors,
      supervisors and senior management members all performed their due diligence. The Bank was not aware of any conduct on
      the part of the directors, supervisors and senior management members in their normal course of duty performance that was
      in violation of relevant laws, regulations and its Articles of Association or detrimental to the interests of the Bank.



         4.13 Integrity of the Company and Its Relevant Stakeholders

      During the reporting period, none of the Bank, its controlling shareholder or its de facto controller was involved in failure
      to execute valid court verdicts or failure to repay matured debts of considerable amounts.



         4.14 Reserves

      For details on changes in the reserves of the Bank as at the end of the reporting period, please refer to Notes 44-47 to the
      financial statements contained in this report.



         4.15 Properties

      For details of the changes in the Bank’s properties as at the end of the reporting period, please refer to Note 27 to the
      financial statements contained in this report.



         4.16 Post Balance Sheet Events

      For details of the Bank post balance sheet events as at the end of the reporting period, please refer to Note 64 to the
      financial statements contained in this report.



         4.17 Management Contracts

      During the reporting period, the Bank did not enter into any contracts for the administrative management of its overall
      business or major businesses.



         4.18 Distributable Reserves

      For details on distributable reserves of the Bank, please refer to “Financial Statements — Consolidated Statement on
      Changes in Shareholders’ Interests” contained in this report.




104   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                  Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




    4.19 Donations

During the reporting period, the Group paid back to society with enthusiasm in strict accordance with the PRC Charity
Law and other applicable laws and regulations, tilting its donations to areas in the greatest need of help. As at the end
of the reporting period, the Group had made donations RMB26.3502 million, HKD5.7726 million30 and USD20,00031,
in total equivalent to RMB31.6586 million, an increase of 20.52% over the previous year. These donations were mainly
used for poverty alleviation, education assistance, disaster relief and financial aid to the vulnerable groups. As at the end
of the reporting period, the Group recorded employee donation of RMB1.1828 million, total tax payment of RMB25.380
billion32, and a social contribution value per share of RMB4.9633.



    4.20 Fixed Assets

For details on changes in the Bank’s fixed assets as at the end of the reporting period, please refer to Note 27 to the
financial statements contained in this report.



    4.21 Retirement and Benefits

The Bank paid contributions to the basic old-age pension schemes for its employees pursuant to relevant national laws,
regulations and policies. The amounts of basic pension contributions were determined by employee salaries and locally
defined contribution rates. In addition, the Bank established enterprise annuity plans for its employees with contribution
rate set at 7% of employee salary income.

For details on retirement benefits that the Bank provided for its employees, please refer to Note 25 to the financial
statements contained in this report.



    4.22 Share Capital and Public Float

For details on changes in the Bank’s share capital during the reporting period, please refer to Note 30 to the financial
statements contained in this report. Pursuant to publicly available information, the Board of Directors of the Bank was of
the view that the Bank had sufficient public float as at the disclosure date of the report.



    4.23 Purchase, Sale or Redemption of Shares

During the reporting period, neither the Bank nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any shares of the
Bank.




30	According to the announcement on the central parity rate of RMB under the authorization of the China Foreign Exchange Trade System on 31 December 2019,
         i.e., 1:0.8958 for Hong Kong dollar to Renminbi.
31	Calculated based on the transaction price on China’s interbank foreign exchange market at 16:30 on 31 December 2019, i.e., 1:6.9668 for US dollar to
         Renminbi. The calculation formula for the transaction price is (buying price + selling price)/2.
32	The Bank always pays taxes according to laws, and there is no taxation dispute or penalty occurred.
33	Social contribution value per share = (annual taxes paid + wages paid to employees + loan interest paid to creditors + total external donations + other social costs
         arising from environmental pollution and other factors)/total share capital + basic earnings per share.




                                                                                                                                              2019 Annual Report           105
      Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




         4.24 Pre-emptive Rights

      None of PRC laws, administrative regulations and ministerial rules, and the Articles of Association of the Bank contain any
      mandatory provisions on pre-emptive rights for purchase of shares. According to its Articles of Association, the Bank may
      increase its registered capital by way of public offering or private offering of ordinary shares, right allocation to the existing
      ordinary shareholders, new shares issuance to the existing shareholders, transfer of capital reserve to share capital, conversion
      of preference shares to ordinary shares or other means permitted by laws and administrative regulations or as approved by
      relevant authorities.



         4.25 Issuance of Shares

      For relevant information about the Bank’s issuance of shares during the reporting period, please refer to Chapter 5 “Changes
      in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders” and Chapter 6 “Preference Shares” of this report.



         4.26 Issuance of Debentures

      Please refer to Chapter 5 “Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders” of this report for
      information about the Bank’s issuance of debentures.



         4.27 Equity Linked Agreements

      Save for what is disclosed in Chapter 6 “Preference Shares” and Chapter 7 “Convertible Corporate Bonds” of this report,
      the Bank neither entered into nor continued any equity linked agreements during the reporting period.



         4.28 Right of Directors and Supervisors to Acquire Shares or Debentures

      During the reporting period, none of the Directors and Supervisors or their respective associates were granted by the Bank
      or its subsidiaries the right to acquire shares or debentures of the Bank or any other corporate groups; neither did any of
      the Directors or Supervisors exercise any of such rights.



         4.29 Equity Interest of Substantial Shareholders

      Please refer to Chapter 5 “Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders – Interests and Short
      Positions Held by Substantial Ordinary Shareholders and Other Persons” of this report for detailed information.




106   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                            Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




   4.30 Tax Matters

A Shareholders
For individual investor shareholders, the Notice on Issues Relating to the Implementation of the Differentiated Individual
Income Tax Policy on Dividends Obtained from Listed Companies (Finance and Taxation [2012] No.85), and the Notice on
Issues Relating to the Differentiated Individual Income Tax Policy on Dividends Obtained from Listed Companies (Finance and
Taxation [2015] No.101), both issued jointly by the Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation and CSRC
provide that, for shares of listed companies that an individual investor obtains from public offering and/or the transfer
market, if the duration of shareholding is less than 1 month (inclusive), the full amount of his or her dividend income
shall be calculated as taxable income; if the duration of shareholding is between 1 month and 1 year (inclusive), 50% of
the dividend income shall be calculated as taxable income for the time being; and if the duration of shareholding lasts more
than one year, the dividend income shall be exempted of individual income tax for the time being. All the above-mentioned
dividend income shall be taxed at a uniformly applicable tax rate of 20%.

For securities investment funds that are shareholders of listed companies, the computation and payment of dividend
income tax shall be made in accordance with the aforementioned Notice on Issues Relating to the Differentiated Individual
Income Tax Policy on Dividends Obtained from Listed Companies (Finance and Taxation [2015] No.101) and Notice on
Issues Relating to the Implementation of the Differentiated Individual Income Tax Policy on Dividends Obtained from Listed
Companies (Finance and Taxation [2012] No.85).

Resident enterprise shareholders (including institutional investors) shall pay income tax on their cash dividends on their
own accord pursuant to relevant taxation requirements of the government.

For Qualified Foreign Institutional Investors (QFII), listed companies are required to withhold and pay enterprise income
tax at the rate of 10% pursuant to the requirements of the Notice of the State Administration of Taxation Concerning the
Relevant Issues on the Withholding and Payment of Enterprise Income Tax Relating to the Payment of Dividends, Bonuses
and Interests by PRC Resident Enterprises to QFIIs (SAT [2009] No.47). Where the dividend paid to a QFII is entitled to
relevant treatments under a tax agreement (arrangement), the QFII may apply to the competent tax authority for such
treatment. The latter shall implement the treatment as stipulated in the tax agreement after verifying the validity of the
application. Where a tax refund is involved, the QFII shall promptly submit a tax refund application to the competent tax
authority on its own accord after receiving the dividend.

H Shareholders
For overseas residents that are individual shareholders of listed companies, the Notice of the State Administration of Taxation
on Issues Concerning Individual Income Tax Collection and Management after the Repeal of Guo Shui Fa [1993] No.045 (SAT
[2011] No.348) provides that, dividends received by such overseas residents for their personal holding of shares issued by
domestic non-foreign-invested enterprises in Hong Kong shall be subject to the payment of individual income tax under
the “interest, dividend and bonus income” item, and that such individual income tax shall be withheld and paid by the
withholding agents according to relevant laws at a tax rate of 10%. Where overseas residents that are individual holders
of shares issued by domestic non-foreign invested enterprises in Hong Kong are entitled to the relevant preferential tax
treatment pursuant to the provisions in the tax agreements signed between their countries of residence and China or the
tax arrangements made between the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong (Macau) SAR, the tax rate for dividends under
the relevant tax agreements and tax arrangements is 10% in general. For the purpose of simplifying tax administration,
domestic non-foreign-invested enterprises issuing shares in Hong Kong may, upon payment of dividends, generally
withhold individual income tax at the rate of 10%, without the need to file an application. If the tax rate for dividends
is not equal to 10%, the following provisions shall apply: (1) for residents of countries that have signed lower than 10%
tax rate agreements, the withholding agents may file on their behalf applications for the relevant agreed preferential
tax treatments, under which circumstances the over-withheld tax amounts will be refunded upon approval by the tax
authorities; (2) for residents of countries that have signed higher than 10% but lower than 20% tax rate agreements, the
withholding agents shall withhold individual income tax at the agreed tax rate effective at the time of dividend payment,
without the need to file an application; and (3) for residents of countries without tax agreements or under other situations,
the withholding agents shall withhold individual income tax at 20% upon payment of dividends.




                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report     107
      Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




      For non-resident enterprises that are shareholders of listed companies, the Notice of the State Administration of Taxation on
      the Issues Concerning Withholding Enterprise Income Tax on Dividends Paid by Chinese Resident Enterprises to H Shareholders
      that Are Nonresident Overseas Enterprises (SAT [2008] No.897) provides that, a PRC resident enterprise, when paying
      dividends for 2008 and subsequent years to H shareholders that are non-resident overseas enterprises, shall withhold and
      pay the enterprise income tax at a uniform rate of 10%.

      Tax matters in relation to the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect shall be handled according to the provisions of the
      Notice of the Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC on Relevant Taxation Policies in
      Connection with the Pilot Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect Mechanism (Finance and Taxation [2014] No. 81).

      Preference shareholders
      Individual income tax payment in relation to dividends obtained by individual preference shareholders shall be performed
      according to related national taxation regulations.

      Resident enterprises (including institutional investors) shall perform their tax payment obligations on their own accord
      according to related national taxation regulations.

      Shareholders of the Bank shall be taxed and/or access tax credits, reliefs and exemptions in accordance with the
      aforementioned regulations.



         4.31 Environment-Related Performance and Policies

      The Bank strictly abided by the requirements of applicable laws and regulations such as the Environmental Protection Law
      of the People’s Republic of China, the Energy Conservation Law of the People’s Republic of China and the Guidelines on Green
      Credit. The 2018-2020 Development Plan of CITIC Bank makes it clear that during the plan period, the Bank will boost
      support to the green economy and enhance whole-process management of environmental and social risks.

      During the reporting period, the Bank defined its credit policy for green financing the 2019 Credit Policy of CITIC Bank.
      In practice, the Bank kept tracking of the industrial policies and regulatory requirements relating to green finance, and
      seized opportunities in the field of green finance in a timely manner. Under the premise of compliance with the Bank’s
      industrial stratification and customer policies, controllable risks and sustainable business, the Bank actively supported
      loans granted to green fields such as environmental improvement, response to climate change and efficient utilization of
      resources, increased the proportion of green credit, and transformed towards a green customer structure step by step.

      During the reporting period, the Bank implemented differentiated policies on enterprises engaged in the “high energy
      consumption, heavy pollution and overcapacity” industries, and strictly controlled loan extension. Continuing support was
      rendered to premium leading enterprises that were characterized by advanced technology, high efficiency, good potentials
      and ready market. With regard to other enterprises, the Bank developed customer-specific plans and protected its own
      rights and interests through methods including maintaining current credit facilities, intensifying mitigation, gradually
      reducing loans or making an exit. Meanwhile, the Bank strengthened the management of enterprises with significant
      environment and safety risks. For enterprises violating relevant laws and regulations on environmental protection, violating
      laws on production safety, failing to rectify obsolete production capacity, or failing to rectify incompliant occupational
      disease prevention and control measures, the Bank actively safeguarded its rights and interests and urged the enterprises to
      perform their social responsibilities by pushing ahead rectification, loan reduction and exit, recovery and disposal.




108   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                          Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




   4.32 Events Relating to Bankruptcy and/or Restructuring

During the reporting period, the Bank did not incur any event relating to bankruptcy and/or restructuring.



   4.33 Major Risks

For details on major risks of the Bank, please refer to Chapter 3 “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this report.



   4.34 C hanges to Accounting Policies and Accounting Estimates or
        Correction of Significant Accounting Errors

The Ministry of Finance promulgated the revised Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 21 – Leases in 2018 and
the revised Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 7 – Exchange of Non-Monetary Assets and Accounting Standards
for Business Enterprises No. 12 – Debt Restructurings in 2019. The Group prepared the 2019 financial statements based on
the above-mentioned standards and notices. The amendments to the above standards had no material impact on the Group
and the Bank. Please refer to Note 3 (c) to the financial statements contained in this report for details.

Please refer to the relevant announcements the Bank disclosed on the official websites of SSE
(www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) on 30 January 2019 and the date
of disclosure of this report for relevant information.



   4.35 Performance of Social Responsibility for Poverty Alleviation

4.35.1 Initiatives on Financial Services for Precision Poverty Alleviation
The Bank implemented policy requirements such as the
Guidance of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of
China and the State Council on Winning the Three-Year Fight
Against Poverty, and followed the work arrangements of PBOC,
CBIRC and other regulators. It regarded financial services for
precision poverty alleviation as an important political and social
responsibility and a historic mission and made innovations to
its products and service models. As such, the Bank continued to
improve the accuracy and effectiveness of its efforts relating to
financial services for precision poverty alleviation. In particular,
the Bank kept improving the management structure for
precision poverty alleviation with financial services by setting
up the financial services for poverty alleviation leading group
and a working group. The branches established the three-
tier management structure based on the Head Office management framework, featuring personal engagement by the
management members, joint promotion by front, middle and back-office departments, and priority implementation by
business units. The Bank kept consolidating the foundation for such precision poverty alleviation, and gradually harvested
the fruits of its poverty alleviation efforts.




                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report    109
      Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




      During the reporting period, under the guidance of the Work Plan of CITIC Bank for Poverty Alleviation with Financial
      Services during the 13th Five-Year Plan Period, the Bank strengthened credit support for financial services for poverty
      alleviation, improved the reporting mechanism for statistics of precision poverty alleviation with financial services and
      continued to do a good job in data statistics and reporting. It also strengthened incentives and guidance for poverty
      alleviation with financial services, and included the poverty alleviation performance in the assessment of branches. Besides,
      the Bank actively carried out poverty alleviation in impoverished areas, selected managerial personnel to help local people
      in villages, and carried out financial knowledge publicity through various channels and ways.

      As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank’s balance of loans for precision poverty alleviation with financial services
      stood at RMB7.518 billion, an increase of 9.07% over the previous year. In terms of borrowers, personal loans for precision
      poverty alleviation recorded RMB2.160 billion, down 28.92% from the previous year; and institutional loans for precision
      poverty alleviation stood at RMB5.358 billion, up 39.02% from the previous year. The Bank’s balance of agriculture-
      related loans stood at RMB304.836 billion.

      4.35.2 Other Precision Poverty Alleviation Initiatives
      During the reporting period, the Bank continued its fixed-point poverty alleviation work in Xietongmen County of Tibet
      Autonomous Region, Zhangjiashan village in Dangchang County of Gansu Province and some areas of Xinjiang-Uyghur
      Autonomous Region. In addition, the Bank dispatched its managerial personnel to fixed-point poverty alleviation areas to
      help the local poverty population shake off poverty and support local poverty alleviation tasks. During the reporting period,
      the Bank dispatched a total of 67 full-time and part-time managerial persons to 39 impoverished villages for poverty
      alleviation, and carried out 150 poverty-alleviation projects. In 2019, the Bank donated RMB24.2687 million for poverty
      alleviation purpose, up by 25.81% over last year, with focuses on four major directions: agricultural development for
      poverty alleviation, infrastructure construction for poverty alleviation, education for poverty alleviation and pro bono efforts
      for poverty alleviation, benefiting more than 40,000 poor people.




110   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                            Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




The precision poverty alleviation results of the Bank during the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                                           Unit: RMB10,000
 Item                                                                                                Amount and Progress
 Overview
 Invested funds                                                                                                        2,427
 Number of impoverished people with established poverty files and cards
   benefited                                                                                                           6,099
 Inputs by major category
 Poverty alleviation through industrial development
   Incl.: Types of poverty alleviation projects through industrial              Poverty alleviation through development of
            development                                                         agricultural and forestry industries, poverty
                                                                                   alleviation through e-commerce, poverty
                                                                                    alleviation through technological means
          Number of poverty alleviation projects through industrial
            development                                                                                                   26
          Investment in poverty alleviation projects through industrial
            development                                                                                                  641
          Number of impoverished people with established poverty files and
            cards benefited                                                                                            2,705
 Education for poverty alleviation
   Incl.: Financial aid to poor students                                                                                505
          Number of impoverished students aided                                                                      10,290
 Health for poverty alleviation
   Incl.: Input in medical and health resources in poverty-stricken areas                                                408
 Social development for poverty alleviation
   Incl.: Investments in fixed-point poverty alleviation                                                                 900
          Poverty alleviation public welfare fund                                                                        731
 Awards
 1.   The Bank was recognized as “Tribute to 30 Persons over 30 Years – Sponsor” by China Foundation for Poverty
      Alleviation in March 2019.
 2.   The Bank was the only joint-stock bank among the ten banks granted the achievement award for helping win the
      “Three Critical Battles” in the “2018 Top 100 Socially Responsible Institutions in China’s Banking Industry” by
      China Banking Association in March 2019.
 3.   The Bank won the “2019 11th Excellent Competitiveness – Thumbs-up for Poverty Alleviation by Financial
      Institutions” award by China Business Journal in December 2019.
 4.   The Bank’s fixed-point poverty alleviation project in Xietongmen County of Tibet was granted the “2019
      Excellent Case of Poverty Alleviation by Financial Institutions” by 21st Century Annual Financial Summit of
      Asia in December 2019.




                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report    111
      Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




      4.35.3 Work Plan on Financial Services for Precision Poverty Alleviation
      In 2020, the Bank will actively implement the Central Government’s essential concept and regulatory policy requirements
      on poverty alleviation with financial services, and carry out financial services for poverty alleviation under the guidance
      of relevant policies. In line with its business characteristics and risk preference, the Bank will improve the accuracy and
      effectiveness of its efforts for poverty alleviation with financial services.

      The Bank will boost the credit business for poverty alleviation with financial services. By precisely targeting the financing
      needs of key projects and key areas of poverty alleviation, it will support the impoverished areas’s standardized relocation
      poverty alleviation project, ecological environment reconstruction, infrastructure construction, transportation facilities
      construction, upgrading and reconstruction of agricultural networks of water conservancy facilities, as well as basic
      public service projects involving education, medical treatment and health care. In addition, the Bank will support the
      development of market-promising featured industries in poverty-stricken areas, increase the credit extension to leading
      enterprises with outstanding achievements in these areas, actively promote supply chain finance under the premise of
      controllable risks, and support the east and west poverty-alleviation coordination industry projects and the industrial
      transfer and undertaking in poverty-stricken areas. In addition, the Bank will provide registered impoverished households
      with lending support relating to their production, business start-up and education by precisely targeting the financial needs
      of such households in employment and education. Taking the credit level and repayment capacity as the main reference
      criteria and comprehensively considering the borrowers’ own conditions, loan purpose and risk compensation mechanism,
      the Bank will grant small-amount loans to those impoverished people with established poverty files and cards who have
      jobs, entrepreneurial potential or skills. Besides, the Bank will prevent risks in poverty alleviation with financial services,
      strengthen project selection and risk assessment, grant small-amount loans for poverty alleviation purpose in accordance
      with laws and regulations, prevent excessive financing in the name of poverty alleviation or financing in violation of laws
      and regulations. Meanwhile, the Bank will strengthen management to avoid “focusing on loan granting but not loan
      management”.

      The Bank will enhance the building of a system for poverty alleviation with financial services. It will strengthen credit
      support and prioritize the approval of poverty alleviation loans or projects when other conditions are equal. Meanwhile,
      the Bank will improve its performance appraisal and assessment system. Branches will be assessed for their institutional
      development, organizational promotion, business development and risk control relating to financial services for precision
      poverty alleviation, with points appropriately added in comprehensive performance evaluation. Furthermore, the Bank
      will improve its data statistics and submission, improve the data collection process and ensure accurate, timely and overall
      submission of poverty alleviation data.

      The Bank will organize financial education and publicity activities in poverty-stricken areas. Ongoing publicity campaigns
      on financial consumer rights protection will be launched both at physical outlets and via electronic channels. Employees
      from branches and sub-branches will be actively organized to access communities, businesses and shopping districts
      for dissemination of financial knowledge. All these will help people in poverty-stricken areas improve their financial
      knowledge and develop their awareness of financial risk prevention. The Bank will also continue to follow up on the latest
      developments in financial services for precision poverty alleviation and tap into the outlet primary for representative case
      studies, advanced models and outstanding deeds in precision poverty alleviation with financial services and promote them
      via various publicity channels.




112   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                          Chapter 4 Report of the Board of Directors




   4.36 Business Reexamination

For details of the Group’s business profile, major risks and uncertainties in 2019 and outlook for 2020, please refer to
Chapter 3 “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this report.



   4.37 The Audit Committee

The Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee under the Board of Directors of the Bank has reviewed and
approved the 2019 annual results of the Bank and the Group and their audited 2019 annual financial statements prepared
in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards.



   4.38 Relations with Employees, Suppliers and Customers

For the relations between the Group and its employees, customers and shareholders, please refer to Chapter 8 “Directors,
Supervisors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates – Human Resources Management”, Chapter 3 “Management
Discussion and Analysis – Consumer Rights Protection and Service Quality Management” and Chapter 9 “Corporate
Governance Report – Management of Investor Relations” of this report.



   4.39 Other Significant Events

The Bank disclosed all significant events occurred during the reporting period that shall be disclosed as per Article 80 of
the PRC Securities Law and Article 30 of the Administrative Measures for Information Disclosure of Listed Companies in the
form of interim announcements on the websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank
(www.citicbank.com).




                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report    113
      Chapter 5 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders

          5.1 Changes in Ordinary Shares

      5.1.1 Table on Changes in Shareholdings
                                                                                                                                                                                      Unit: share
                                                                       31 December 2018                                    Changes (+, -)                                      31 December 2019
                                                                                                                          Capital reserve
                                                              Number of shares      Percentage         New       Bonus       converted to                             Number of shares      Percentage
                                                                          held            (%)          issue      issue             shares      Others     Subtotal               held             (%)
       Shares subject to restrictions on sale:                  2,147,469,539               4.39                                                                        2,147,469,539             4.39
         1. Shares held by the state
         2. Shares held by state-owned legal persons             2,147,469,539              4.39                                                                         2,147,469,539            4.39
         3. Shares held by other domestic investors
         Including: Shares held by domestic non-state-owned
                        legal persons
                    Shares held by domestic natural persons
         4. Foreign-held shares
         Including: Shares held by overseas legal persons
                    Shares held by overseas natural persons
       Shares not subject to restrictions on sale:             46,787,327,034              95.61                                               +14,533     +14,533     46,787,341,567           95.61
         1. Renminbi denominated ordinary shares               31,905,164,057              65.20                                               +14,533     +14,533     31,905,178,590           65.20
         2. Domestically-listed foreign shares
         3. Overseas-listed foreign shares                      14,882,162,977             30.41                                                                        14,882,162,977          30.41
         4. Others
       Total shares                                            48,934,796,573             100.00                                               +14,533     +14,533     48,934,811,106          100.00


      5.1.2 Shares Subject to Restrictions on Sale
      Publicly tradeable time of shares subject to restrictions on sale
                                                                                                                                                                                         Unit: share
                                                                                                   Incremental publicly
                                                                                                        tradeable shares                       Number of               Number of shares
                                                                                                         upon expiry of                 shares subject to                   not subject to
       Time                                                                                              lock-up period               restrictions on sale            restrictions on sale
       20 January 2021                                                                                    2,147,469,539                    2,147,469,539                  46,787,341,567


      Shareholdings of the top 10 shareholders subject to restrictions on sale and the conditions of
      restrictions on sale
                                                                                                                                                                                         Unit: share
                                     Number of
       Name of shareholder     shares subject to
       subject to restrictions   restrictions on                            Publicly                  Incremental publicly
       on sale                          sale held                           tradeable time            tradeable shares                Conditions of restrictions on sale
       China National Tobacco     2,147,469,539                             20 January 2021           –                               On 20 January 2016, the Bank completed the
         Corporation                                                                                                                   registration and custody formalities relating to its
                                                                                                                                       private offering of 2,147,469,539 A shares to China
                                                                                                                                       Tobacco. China Tobacco undertook to the former
                                                                                                                                       CBRC that it would not transfer its subscribed
                                                                                                                                       equity in CITIC Bank within 5 years as of the date
                                                                                                                                       of completion of the delivery (Refer to the Report
                                                                                                                                       of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited on
                                                                                                                                       Its Private Offering of A Shares published on the
                                                                                                                                       official websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn) and the
                                                                                                                                       HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk) for details thereof.)

114   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
 Chapter 5 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




   5.2 Issuance and Listing of Securities

5.2.1 Equity Financing
During the reporting period, the Bank did not issue any new shares.

5.2.2 Issuance of Bonds
Pursuant to the Reply regarding the Issuance of Undated Capital Bonds by China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited from
CBIRC (CBIRC Reply [2019] No.964) issued by CBIRC and the Affirmative Decision of Administrative License from
the People’s Bank of China (PBOC Decision [2019] No. 225) issued by PBOC, the Bank issued the China CITIC Bank
Corporation Limited 2019 Undated Capital Bonds (the “Bonds”) in the national inter-bank bond market in December
2019. The Bonds were book-built on 9 December 2019 and the issuance was completed on 11 December 2019. The size
of issuance of the Bonds is RMB40 billion. The coupon rate is 4.20% during the first 5 years and will be reset every 5
years. The issuer shall have a conditional redemption right on every dividend payment date from the fifth year onwards.
The proceeds from the Bonds were used to replenish additional tier-1 capital of the Bank in accordance with applicable
laws and approvals of the regulatory authorities.

Please refer to the relevant announcements published on the official websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews
(www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) for details thereof.

5.2.3 Issuance of Convertible Bonds
Please refer to “Chapter 7 Convertible Corporate Bonds” of the Report for the issuance of convertible bonds and the
conversion of convertible bonds of the Bank during the reporting period.

5.2.4 Internal Employee Shares
There were no internal employee shares issued by the Bank.



   5.3 Information on Ordinary Shareholders

5.3.1 Total Number of Shareholders
As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank had 163,940 accounts of ordinary shareholders in total, including 134,506
accounts of A shareholders and 29,434 accounts of registered H shareholders, and no preference shareholders with restored
voting right.

As at the close of the month preceding the disclosure date of this report (i.e., 29 February 2020), the Bank recorded
169,403 accounts of ordinary shareholders in total, including 140,084 accounts of A shareholders and 29,319 accounts of
registered H shareholders, and no preference shareholders with restored voting right.




                                                                                                      2019 Annual Report    115
      Chapter 5 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




      5.3.2 Information on the Top 10 Shareholders (as at the end of the reporting
            period)
                                                                                                                                                                                               Unit: Share
                                                                                                                                                                                 Increase or
                                                                                                                                                                                 decrease in
                                                                                                                                                              Number of        shareholding
                                                                                                                   Total number of     Shareholding shares subject to             during the   Shares pledged
       No. Name of shareholder                                       Nature of shareholder      Class of shares         shares held   percentage (%) restrictions on sale   reporting period   or frozen
       1   CITIC Corporation Limited                                 State-owned legal person   A share, H share    31,988,728,773             65.37                   0                  0    0
       2   Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Nominees Limited    Overseas legal person      H share             11,555,133,994             23.61                   0        +10,842,555    Unknown
       3   China National Tobacco Corporation                        State-owned legal person   A share              2,147,469,539              4.39       2,147,469,539                  0    0
       4   China Securities Finance Corporation Limited              State-owned legal person   A share              1,114,065,677              2.28                   0                  0    0
       5   Central Huijin Asset                                      State-owned legal person   A share                272,838,300              0.56                   0                  0    0
             Management Ltd.
        6 Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited              Overseas legal person      A share                174,206,980              0.36                   0        +69,792,269    0
        7 China Construction Bank Corporation                        State-owned legal person   H share                168,599,268              0.34                   0                  0    0
        8 Mao Tian Capital Limited                                   State-owned legal person   A share                 31,034,400              0.06                   0                  0    0
        9 China Poly Group                                           State-owned legal person   A share                 27,216,400              0.06                   0                  0    0
             Corporation Limited
        10 Agricultural Bank of China Limited – Invesco Great Wall   Other                      A share                 24,611,500              0.05                   0        +24,611,500    0
             Shanghai and Shenzhen 300 Index Enhanced Securities
             Investment Fund


      Notes:     (1)     Except for CITIC Corporation Limited and Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Nominees Limited, the shareholdings of A-share holders and H-share
                         holders in the table above were calculated based on the Bank’s share registers respectively maintained with China Securities Depository and Clearing
                         Corporation Limited Shanghai Branch and Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited.
                 (2)     Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Nominees Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited. The
                         total number of shares held by Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Nominees Limited is the aggregate number of H shares it held in its capacity as
                         nominee on behalf of all institutional (except for CITIC Corporation Limited) and individual investors registered with the company as at the end of the
                         reporting period. Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited is an institution that is designated by others to hold shares, including the Shanghai
                         Stock Connect shares held by Hong Kong and overseas investors, on behalf of others in its capacity as nominee shareholder.
                 (3)     CITIC Corporation Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of CITIC Limited. CITIC Corporation Limited confirmed that as at the end of the reporting
                         period, CITIC Limited and its subsidiaries (including CITIC Corporation Limited) together owned 32,284,227,773 shares of the Bank, accounting
                         for 65.97% of the Bank’s total shares, including 28,938,928,294 A shares and 3,345,299,479 H shares. CITIC Corporation Limited directly owned
                         31,988,728,773 shares of the Bank, accounting for 65.37% of the Bank’s total shares, including 28,938,928,294 A shares and 3,049,800,479 H shares.
                 (4)     Summit Idea Limited confirmed that, as at the end of the reporting period, it held via Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Nominees Limited
                         2,292,579,000 H shares of the Bank, accounting for 4.685% of the Bank’s total shares. Summit Idea Limited is a wholly-owned affiliate of Xinhu
                         Zhongbao. In addition to the afore-mentioned stake, Hong Kong Xinhu Investment Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Xinhu Zhongbao, also owned
                         153,686,000 H shares of the Bank via Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Nominees Limited, taking up 0.314% of the Bank’s total shares.
                 (5)     Note on connected relations or concerted actions of the above ordinary shareholders: Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Nominees Limited
                         is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited. According to the Report for the Third Quarter of 2019 of China
                         Construction Bank Corporation, as at 30 September 2019, Central Huijin Investment Ltd. and its wholly-owned subsidiary Central Huijin Asset
                         Management Ltd. together owned 57.31% equity of China Construction Bank Corporation. Except for these, the Bank was not aware of any connected
                         relation or concerted action between the above-mentioned shareholders.




116   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
 Chapter 5 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




5.3.3 Information on the Top 10 Shareholders Not Subject to Restrictions on Sale
      (as at the end of the reporting period)
                                                                                                                                   Unit: Share
                                                                Number of shares
                                                                   not subject to
                                                                  restrictions on                Class and number of shares held
 No. Name of shareholder                                                 sale held   Class                                           Number
 1    CITIC Corporation Limited                                   31,988,728,773     Renminbi denominated ordinary shares    28,938,928,294
                                                                                     Overseas-listed foreign shares           3,049,800,479
 2    Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Nominees Limited      11,555,133,994     Overseas-listed foreign shares          11,555,133,994
 3    China Securities Finance Corporation Limited                 1,114,065,677     Renminbi denominated ordinary shares     1,114,065,677
 4    Central Huijin Asset Management Ltd.                           272,838,300     Renminbi denominated ordinary shares       272,838,300
 5    Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited                  174,206,980     Renminbi denominated ordinary shares       174,206,980
 6    China Construction Bank Corporation                            168,599,268     Overseas-listed foreign shares             168,599,268
 7    Mao Tian Capital Limited                                        31,034,400     Renminbi denominated ordinary shares        31,034,400
 8    China Poly Group Corporation Limited                            27,216,400     Renminbi denominated ordinary shares        27,216,400
 9    Agricultural Bank of China Limited – Invesco Great Wall         24,611,500     Renminbi denominated ordinary shares        24,611,500
        Shanghai and Shenzhen 300 Index Enhanced Securities
        Investment Fund
 10   E Fund – ICBC – FOTIC – FOTIC Steady Wealth FOF                 22,558,742     Renminbi denominated ordinary shares          22,558,742
        Single Fund Trust




                                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report       117
      Chapter 5 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




           5.4 Interests and Short Positions Held by Substantial Ordinary
                Shareholders and Other Persons

      The table below sets out the interests and short positions in the shares of the Bank held by substantial shareholders and
      other persons (except the directors, supervisors and chief executives of the Bank defined according to the Hong Kong
      Listing Rules) as recorded in the register that the Bank maintained pursuant to Section 336 of the Securities and Futures
      Ordinance and as far as the Bank was aware as at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                                                                                             Shareholding          Shareholding
                                                                                                                                         percentage of the     percentage of the
                                                                                                                          Number of issued share capital of    total issued share
        Name                                            Class of shares   Identity                                        shares held   the same class (%)            capital (%)
                                                        H share                                                      3,049,800,479(L)                20.49                  6.23
                                                                          Beneficiary owner
        CITIC Corporation Limited                       A share                                                     28,938,928,294(L)                84.98                 59.14
                                                        H share           Interest of controlled corporations           10,313,000(L)                  0.07                 0.02
                                                        H share                                                      3,345,299,479(L)                22.48                  6.84
        CITIC Limited                                                     Interest of controlled corporations
                                                        A share                                                     28,938,928,294(L)                84.98                 59.14
                                                        H share                                                      3,345,299,479(L)                22.48                  6.84
        CITIC Polaris Limited                                             Interest of controlled corporations
                                                        A share                                                     28,938,928,294(L)                84.98                 59.14
                                                        H share                                                      3,345,299,479(L)                22.48                  6.84
        CITIC Glory Limited                                               Interest of controlled corporations
                                                        A share                                                     28,938,928,294(L)                84.98                 59.14
                                                        H share                                                      3,345,299,479(L)                22.48                  6.84
        CITIC Group                                                       Interest of controlled corporations
                                                        A share                                                     28,938,928,294(L)                84.98                 59.14
        Summit Idea Limited                             H share           Beneficiary owner                          2,292,579,000(L)                15.40                 4.685
        Total Partner Global Limited                    H share           Interest of controlled corporations        2,292,579,000(L)                15.40                 4.685
                                                                          Beneficiary owner                            153,686,000(L)                 1.03                 0.314
        Hong Kong Xinhu Investment Co., Ltd.            H share
                                                                          Interest of controlled corporations        2,292,579,000(L)                15.40                 4.685
        Xinhu Zhongbao Co., Ltd.                        H share           Interest of controlled corporations        2,446,265,000(L)                16.44                 4.999
        Zhejiang Xinhu Group Corporation Limited        H share           Interest of controlled corporations        2,446,265,000(L)                16.44                 4.999
        Zhejiang Hengxingli Holding Group Co., Ltd.     H share           Interest of controlled corporations        2,446,265,000(L)                16.44                 4.999
        Ningbo Jiayuan Industrial Development Co., Ltd. H share           Interest of controlled corporations        2,446,265,000(L)                16.44                 4.999
        Huang Wei                                       H share           Interest of controlled corporations        2,446,265,000(L)                16.44                 4.999
        Li Ping                                         H share           Interest of controlled corporations        2,446,265,000(L)                16.44                 4.999
        EasternGate SPC                                 H share           Investment manager                           875,468,670(L)                  5.88                 1.79


      (L) — long position, (S) — short position


      Notes:      (1)   The above disclosure is made mainly on the basis of the information released on SEHK (www.hkexnews.hk).
                  (2)   According to Section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, if multiple conditions are met, shareholders of the Bank shall submit the disclosure
                        form. When there is a change to shares of the Bank held by shareholders, unless multiple conditions are met, related shareholders need not to notify the
                        change to the Company and SEHK. Therefore, the latest shares held by shareholders at the Company may differ from those already submitted to SEHK.


      Except for the afore-mentioned disclosure, as at the end of the reporting period, the Bank didn’t know that any person
      (except the directors, supervisors and chief executives of the Bank defined according to the Hong Kong Listing Rules) held
      any interests and short positions in the shares of the Bank or underlying shares that shall be recorded in the register that
      the Bank maintained pursuant to Section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance.




118   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
 Chapter 5 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




   5.5 Controlling Shareholder and De Facto Controller of the Bank

As at the end of the reporting period, CITIC Corporation Limited was the controlling shareholder of the Bank; CITIC
Limited was the single direct controlling shareholder of CITIC Corporation Limited; CITIC Group was the controlling
shareholder of CITIC Limited, and the de facto controller of the Bank.

CITIC Group was founded in 1979 by Mr. Rong Yiren with the support of Mr. Deng Xiaoping. Since its inception,
CITIC Group has been a pilot unit for national economic reform and an important window for China’s opening to the
outside world. With fruitful explorations and innovation in many areas, CITIC Group has built itself a robust image and
reputation both domestic and abroad. At present, CITIC Group has developed into a large state-owned multinational
conglomerate with both financial and non-financial businesses. Its financial business covers a full range of services including
banking, securities, trust, insurance, fund and asset management; and its non-financial business includes real estate,
engineering contracting, energy and resources, infrastructure construction, machinery manufacturing and information
technology, with clear overall strength and great momentum of growth.

In December 2011, with approval from the State Council, and in alignment with its wholly-owned subsidiary Beijing
CITIC Enterprise Management Co., Ltd., CITIC Group contributed the majority of its existing net operating assets to
establish CITIC Corporation Limited (named “CITIC Limited” when first established). In particular, CITIC Group held
99.9% equity interest in CITIC Limited, and Beijing CITIC Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. held 0.1%. CITIC Group
as a whole was restructured into a wholly state-owned company. To complete the afore-mentioned capital contribution,
CITIC Group transferred its entire equity in the Bank to CITIC Corporation Limited as capital contribution. As a result,
CITIC Corporation Limited held 28,938,929,004 shares in the Bank both directly and indirectly, accounting for 61.85%
of the Bank’s total share capital. The above-mentioned share transfer was approved by the State Council, the MOF, former
CBRC, the CSRC and the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. In February 2013, the relevant formalities for the share
transfer were officially completed with approvals from the SSE and China Securities Depositary and Clearing Corporation
Limited Shanghai Branch. On 20 December 2018, the Ministry of Finance (MOF) and the Ministry of Human Resources
and Social Security (MOHRSS) issued a notice to implement the relevant arrangements of the Notice of the State Council
on Printing and Distributing the Implementation Plan on the Transfer of Some State-owned Capital to Replenish the
Social Security Fund, transferring MOF’s 10% equity in CITIC Group to the National Council for Social Security Fund
in a lump sum.

In October 2013, BBVA transferred to CITIC Limited 2,386,153,679 H shares it held in the Bank, accounting for
approximately 5.10% of the total share capital of the Bank, after which CITIC Limited increased its shareholding in the
Bank to 66.95%.

In August 2014, CITIC Group injected its main business assets entirely into its Hong Kong listed subsidiary CITIC Pacific
and renamed it CITIC Limited. The former CITIC Limited was renamed CITIC Corporation Limited. CITIC Limited
held 100% equity interest in CITIC Corporation Limited.

In September 2014, CITIC Corporation Limited purchased an additional 81,910,800 H shares of the Bank via agreement
transfer, after which, CITIC Corporation Limited held a total of 31,406,992,773 A shares and H shares of the Bank,
accounting for approximately 67.13% of the Bank’s total share capital.

In January 2016, the Bank completed its private offering of 2,147,469,539 A shares to China Tobacco, upon which
time the Bank’s total share capital increased to 48,934,796,573 shares and the proportion of shares owned by CITIC
Corporation Limited went down to 64.18%.

In January 2016, CITIC Limited notified the Bank that it planned to increase its shareholding in the Bank by 21 January
2017 when appropriate, provided that the accumulative percentage of such incremental equity holding did not exceed 5%
of the Bank’s total issued share capital. As at 21 January 2017, the implementation of the additional shareholding plan was
completed. CITIC Limited and its subsidiaries (including CITIC Corporation Limited) hold 32,284,227,773 shares of the
Bank in aggregate, of which it holds 28,938,928,294 A shares and 3,345,299,479 H shares, representing 65.97% of the
total issued shares of the Bank.




                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report     119
      Chapter 5 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




      As at the end of the reporting period, CITIC Group’s legal representative was Mr. Chang Zhenming. Its business scope
      covered: investment in and management of domestic and overseas financial enterprises and related industries including
      banking, securities, insurance, trust, asset management, futures, leases, funds and credit cards; investment businesses
      in energy, transportation infrastructure, mining, forestry resources development and raw materials industry, machinery
      manufacturing, real estate development, information infrastructure, basic telecommunications and value-added telecom
      services, environmental protection, pharmaceuticals, biological engineering and new materials, aviation, transportation,
      warehousing, hotels, tourism, domestic and international trade, commerce, education, publication, media, culture and
      sports, domestic and overseas project design, construction, contracting and sub-contracting, and industrial investment;
      asset management; capital operation; project tendering, exploration, design, construction, supervision, contracting and
      subcontracting and consulting services; external allocation of required workers to overseas projects compatible with its
      strength, scale and business performance; import and export; and information services business (only restricted to internet
      information services which excludes information search and inquiry service, information community service, instant
      information interaction service and information protection and processing service). (The entity shall discretionally choose
      its business projects and conduct its business activities according to the law; conduct its business activities as per approval
      of competent authorities regarding business items that may only be conducted with such approval according to the law; and
      may not engage in business activities of the projects that are prohibited or restricted by the municipal industrial policy).

      As at the end of the reporting period, CITIC Corporation Limited had a registered capital of RMB139 billion; and Mr.
      Chang Zhenming was its legal representative. Its business scope covered: 1. Investment in and management of the financial
      sector, including investment in and management of domestic and overseas financial enterprises and related industries such
      as banking, securities, insurance, trust, asset management, futures, leases, funds and credit cards; 2. Investment in and
      management of the non-financial sector, including (1) energy, transportation and other infrastructure; (2) mining, forestry
      and other resource development and the raw materials industry; (3) machine manufacturing; (4) real estate development;
      (5) the information industry: information infrastructure, basic telecommunications and value-added telecom services; (6)
      commercial and trade services and other industries; environment protection; pharmaceuticals, biological engineering and
      new materials; aviation, transportation, warehousing, hotels and tourism; domestic and international trade, import and
      export, commerce; education, publication, media, culture and sports; consulting services; 3. Grant of shareholder loans to its
      domestic and overseas subsidiaries; capital operation; asset management; domestic and overseas project design, construction,
      contracting and sub-contracting, and labor export; and other business items approved by competent authorities. (The entity
      changed from a domestic enterprise into a foreign-invested enterprise on 22 July 2014, and therefore needs to conduct its
      business activities as per approval of competent authorities regarding business items that may only be conducted with such
      approval according to the law.)

      As at the end of the reporting period, CITIC Limited and its subsidiaries (including CITIC Corporation Limited) held
      32,284,227,773 shares of the Bank in aggregate, representing 65.97% of the total issued shares of the Bank, including
      28,938,928,294 A shares and 3,345,299,479 H shares. CITIC Corporation Limited directly owned 31,988,728,773
      shares in the Bank, accounting for 65.37% of the total share capital of the Bank, including 28,938,928,294 A shares and
      3,049,800,479 H shares.




120   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
  Chapter 5 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




As at the end of the reporting period, the ownership structure between the Bank, its controlling shareholder and its de
facto controller was as follows34:

                                                          CITIC Group Corporation Limited



                                                       100%                                                                      100%

                                CITIC Glory Limited                                                     CITIC Polaris Limited



                                       25.60%                                                                                 32.53%


                                                                            CITIC Limited

                                                                                         100%



                                                                 CITIC Corporation Limited

                                                                                         65.37%


                                                       China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited


In accordance with the relevant requirements of Provisional Measures for Equity Management of Commercial Banks, as at
the end of the reporting period, the controlling shareholder, de facto controller, persons acting in concert and ultimate
beneficiary of CITIC Corporation Limited are as follows:

                                                                                                  Person acting
 Name of shareholder         Controlling shareholder          De facto controller                 in concert                            Ultimate beneficiary
 CITIC Corporation Limited   CITIC Limited                    CITIC Group Corporation Limited     Fortune Class Investments Limited,    CITIC Group Corporation Limited
                                                                                                      Metal Link Limited




34	CITIC Glory Limited (formerly translated as “CITIC Shengrong Co., Ltd”) and CITIC Polaris Co., Ltd. (formerly translated as “CITIC Shengxing Co,. Ltd”)
        are both wholly-owned subsidiaries of CITIC Group. CITIC Corporation Limited directly owned 65.37% of the total share capital of the Bank, in addition to
        which, CITIC Limited also held part of the Bank’s equity via its subsidiaries and CITIC Corporation Limited’s subsidiaries.




                                                                                                                                                   2019 Annual Report     121
      Chapter 5 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




      Equity interests in other major domestic and overseas listed companies held or controlled by CITIC Limited and
      CITIC Corporation Limited (as at the end of the reporting period)

                                                                                                                                                                        Shareholding
       Name of shareholder                                               Name of listed company                          Place of listing          Stock code          percentage (%)
                                                                                                                         Shanghai                 600030.SH
       CITIC Corporation Limited 16.50%                                  CITIC Securities Co., Ltd.                                                                           16.50%
                                                                                                                         Hong Kong                  6030.HK
       CITIC Corporation Limited 60.49%
       CITIC Investment Holdings Limited 4.52%                           CITIC Heavy Industries Co., Ltd.                Shanghai                 601608.SH                   67.27%
       CITIC Automobile Limited 2.26%
       CITIC Offshore Helicopter Limited 38.63%                          CITIC Offshore Helicopter Corporation Limited   Shenzhen                  000099.SZ                  38.63%
       CITIC Corporation Limited 62.70%
                                                                         CITIC Press Group                               Shenzhen                  300788.SZ                  73.50%
       CITIC Investment Holdings Limited 10.80%
       Keentech Group Ltd 49.57%
       CITIC Australia Pty Limited 9.55%                                 CITIC Resources Holdings Limited                Hong Kong                  1205.HK                   59.50%
       Extra Yield International Ltd. 0.38%
       Highkeen Resources Limited 34.39%
                                                                         CITIC Dameng Mining Industries Ltd              Hong Kong                  1091.HK                   43.46%
       Apexhill Investments Limited 9.07%
       Richtone Enterprises Inc. 3.69%
       Ease Action Investments Corp. 33.93%
                                                                         CITIC Telecom International                     Hong Kong                  1883.HK                   58.19%
       Silver Log Holdings Ltd 16.70%
       Cuixin Holdings Corporation Limited 3.87%
       CITIC Pacific (China) Investment Limited 4.26%
       Hubei Xinye Steel Co., Ltd. 4.53%                                 CITIC Pacific Special Steel Group Co., Ltd.     Shenzhen                  000708.SZ                  83.85%
       CITIC Pacific Special Steel Investment Co., Ltd. 75.05%
       CITIC Industrial Investment Group Co., Ltd. 0.82%
       CITIC Agriculture Limited 16.54%                                  Longping High-tech Co., Ltd.                    Shenzhen                  000998.SZ                  20.56%
       Shenzhen Xin Nong Investment Center (Limited Partnership) 3.20%
       CKM (Cayman) Company Limited 56.36%                               CITIC Envirotech Ltd. (1)                       Singapore                   CEE.SG                   56.36%
       Numerous subsidiaries of CITIC Pacific Limited jointly 56.81%     Dah Chong Hong Holdings Limited (1)             Hong Kong                 01828.HK                   56.81%
       Complete Noble Investments Limited 10%                            China Overseas Land & Investment Limited        Hong Kong                 00688.HK                     10%
       Easy Flow Investments Limited 25.91%                              Frontier Services Group Limited                 Hong Kong                 00500.HK                   25.91%
                                                                                                                                                    IVN.TSX
       CITIC Metal Africa Investments Limited 26.31%                     Ivanhoe Mines Ltd.                              Toronto                                              26.31%
                                                                                                                                               IVPAF.OTCQX
       CITIC Resources Holdings Limited 9.68%
                                                                                                                                                   AWC.ASX
       CITIC Australia Pty Limited 1.38%                                 Alumina Limited                                 Sydney                                               19.05%
                                                                                                                                                  AWC.OTC
       Bestbuy Overseas Co Ltd 7.99%

      Note:      (1)      CITIC Envirotech Ltd. and Dah Chong Hong Holdings Limited completed its privatization and delisted on 23 January 2020 and 10 January 2020
                          respectively.
                 (2)      Due to rounding, the total shareholding percentage of CITIC Limited and CITIC Corporation Limited over CITIC Pacific Special Steel Group Co,.Ltd.
                          is slightly different from the sum of the shareholding percentage of CITIC Pacific Special Steel Group Co,.Ltd’s direct-holding companies.




122   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
  Chapter 5 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




Equity interests in other major domestic and overseas listed companies held or controlled by CITIC Group (as at the
end of the reporting period)

                                                                                                                         Shareholding
 Name of shareholder                           Name of listed company               Place of listing   Stock code       percentage (%)
 CITIC Polaris Limited 32.53%
                                               CITIC Limited                        Hong Kong          267.HK                  58.13%
 CITIC Glory Limited 25.60%

Note:   The shareholding percentages listed in the table were those of the direct shareholders.




    5.6 Information on Other Substantial Shareholders

As per the relevant provisions of the Provisional Measures for the Management of Equity in Commercial Banks, in addition to
CITIC Corporation Limited, the substantial shareholders of the Bank also include Summit Idea Limited, China Tobacco
and Poly Group. During the reporting period, among members of the Board of Directors of the Bank, one non-executive
director was recommended by Summit Idea Limited and another non-executive director was recommended by China
Tobacco; among members of its Board of Supervisors, one shareholder representative supervisor was recommended by Poly
Group.

Summit Idea Limited is a company incorporated in Hong Kong. As at the end of the reporting period, it held via Hong
Kong Securities Clearing Company Nominee Limited 2,292,579,000 H shares of the Bank, accounting for 4.685% of the
Bank’s total shares, with 1,123,363,710 H shares of the Bank pledged as collateral as at the end of the reporting period.
Summit Idea Limited is a wholly-owned affiliate of Xinhu Zhongbao. In addition to the afore-mentioned stake, Hong
Kong Xinhu Investment Co., Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of Xinhu Zhongbao, owned 153,686,000 H shares of the
Bank via Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Nominees Limited, taking up 0.314% of the Bank’s total shares. Xinhu
Zhongbao (SH.600208) was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 1999. Its principal business is real estate and finance.
As at the end of June 2019, the company recorded registered capital of RMB8.599 billion, total assets of RMB146.482
billion and net assets of RMB34.738 billion. The company is an industry leader in terms of the size, strength and quality of
its real estate business. At the time of the report, Xinhu Zhongbao has developed more than 50 real estate projects in over
30 cities across the country with aggregate development area reaching over 30 million square meters. In terms of financial
business, Xinhu Zhongbao has formed a financial investment pattern that covers securities, banking, insurance and futures,
etc. It has made forward-looking investment in high-tech companies engaged in block chain, big data, artificial intelligence
and cloud computing, and is an important shareholder of Wind, Bangsun Technology, Hyperchain and other financial
technology companies which owned leading technology and market shares.

China Tobacco is a mega state-owned enterprise established with approval from the State Council. As at the end of the
reporting period, China Tobacco held 2,147,469,539 A shares of the Bank, accounting for 4.39% of the Bank’s total
shares, with no pledge of the Bank’s equity as collateral. China Tobacco is an enterprise owned by the whole people with
registered capital of RMB57 billion. Its legal representative is Zhang Jianmin. The main business scope of China Tobacco
includes the production, operation and import and export of tobacco monopoly products, as well as management and
operation of state-owned assets.

Poly Group is a large-scale central state-owned enterprise administered by SASAC. As at the end of the reporting period,
Poly Group held 27,216,400 A shares of the Bank, accounting for 0.056% of the Bank’s total shares, with no pledge of
the Bank’s equity as collateral. Poly Group was incorporated in 1992 with approval of the State Council and the Central
Military Commission. Its legal representative is Zhang Zhengao. With registered capital of RMB2 billion, Poly Group is
mainly engaged in the following core businesses: trade in military and civilian goods trade, real estate development, light
industry research and development and related engineering services, arts and crafts business and services (both raw materials
and products), culture and arts business, and production and sale of explosives for civilian uses and related services. Poly
Group has established a development pattern focusing on international trade, real estate development, culture and arts
business, production and sale of explosives for civilian uses, development and application of light industry materials and
products, and development and utilization of raw materials for arts and crafts. Its business spreads over 100 countries
around the world and more than 100 cities in China.




                                                                                                                    2019 Annual Report   123
      Chapter 5 Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Ordinary Shareholders




      In accordance with the relevant requirements of Provisional Measures for Equity Management of Commercial Banks, as at
      the end of the reporting period, the above substantial shareholders and their controlling shareholders, de facto controllers,
      persons acting in concert and ultimate beneficiaries are as follows:

       Name of shareholder   Controlling shareholder        De facto controller   Person acting in concert               Ultimate beneficiary
       Summit Idea Limited   Total Partner Global Limited   Huang Wei             Hong Kong Xinhu Investment Co., Ltd.   Huang Wei
       China Tobacco         State Council                  State Council         None                                   State Council
       Poly Group            SASAC                          SASAC                 None                                   SASAC



         5.7 Other Legal-Person Shareholders Holding 10% or More of the
              Bank’s Shares

      As at the end of the reporting period, there were no other legal-person shareholders that held 10% or more of the Bank’s
      shares except CITIC Corporation Limited.




124   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
Chapter 6 Preference Shares

   6.1 Issuance and Listing of Preference Shares in the Recent Three
        Years

After obtaining the Reply of China Banking Regulatory Commission on Approving China CITIC Bank’s Private Offering of
Preference Shares and Amendment to the Articles of Association (CBRC Reply [2015] No.540) from former CBRC and the
Reply of China Securities Regulatory Commission on Approving China CITIC Bank’s Private Offering of Preference Shares (CSRC
License [2016] No.1971), the Bank made the non-public offering of 350 million onshore preference shares at RMB100.00
par value per share on 21 October 2016. The shares were issued at par at 3.80% initial coupon rate and with no maturity
period. These 350 million preference shares, referred to as “CITIC Excellent 1” with the preference share stock code of
360025, were listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange’s Comprehensive Business Platform on 21 November 2016.

On 13 December 2018, the 8th meeting of the 5th session of the Board of Directors of the Bank deliberated and adopted
the Proposal on Plan for Non-Public Offering of Preference Shares and other relevant proposals, endorsing the Bank’s offering
of up to 400 million preference shares (inclusive) at RMB100.00 par value per share. The Proposal on Plan for Non-Public
Offering of Preference Shares, the Proposal to the General Meeting on Authorizing the Board of Directors to Handle Relevant
Matters Relating to the Non-Public Offering of Preference Shares, among others were considered and adopted by the 1st
Extraordinary General Meeting of 2019, the 1st A Shareholders Class Meeting of 2019 and the 1st H Shareholders Class
Meeting of 2019 convened on 30 January 2019. The Bank plans to make a non-public offering of no more than RMB40
billion (inclusive) preference shares in China. The authorization period from the extraordinary general meeting and the
shareholders class meetings to the Board of Directors for handling relevant matters in relation to the non-public offering
of preference shares (the “Preference Shares”) is 12 months from the date of the extraordinary general meeting’s and the
shareholders class meetings’ consideration and approval of the Proposal to the General Meeting on Authorizing the Board of
Directors to Handle Relevant Matters Relating to the Non-public Offering of Preference Shares, which expires on 29 January
2020.

Given the fact that related work of the Preference Shares is still in progress, the Board of Directors considered and approved
the Proposal to the General Meeting on the Extension of the Authorization Period to the Board of Directors for Handling
Relevant Matters in Relation to the Non-public Offering of Preference Shares at the 19th meeting of the 5th session of the
Board of Directors held by the Bank on 18 December 2019 and agreed to extend the authorization period to 29 January
2021. This proposal is subject to consideration and approval of general meeting and the shareholders class meetings of the
Bank. Apart from the extension of the authorization period from the general meeting and the shareholders class meetings to
the Board of Directors to handle relevant matters relating to the issuance of Preference Shares, other authorization matters
approved by the 1st Extraordinary General Meeting of 2019, the 1st A Shareholders Class Meeting of 2019 and the 1st H
Shareholders Class Meeting of 2019 of the Bank by poll remain unchanged.

Please refer to the relevant announcements published on the websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.
hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) for detailed information thereof.




                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report     125
      Chapter 6 Preference Shares




            6.2 Number of Preference Shareholders and Their Shareholdings

      As at the end of the reporting period and the close of the month preceding the disclosure date of this report (i.e., 29
      February 2020), the Bank recorded 31 accounts of preference shareholders (CITIC Excellent 1, preference share stock code:
      360025). Information on the top 10 preference shareholders at the end of the reporting period is set out in the table below.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                Unit: shares
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Number
                                                                                                                        Changes in        Number of                                                 of shares
                                                                                                                    shareholding in    shares held at                                              subject to   Shares pledged
                                                                                                  Nature of           the reporting    the end of the Shareholding                               restrictions     or frozen
       No. Name of shareholder (full name)                                                        shareholder          period (+, -)          period percentage (%) Class of shares held              on sale   Status Quantity
       1       China Mobile Communications Group Corporation limited                              State – owned                   –      43,860,000            12.53 Onshore preference shares            –        –             –
                                                                                                     legal person
       2       China Life Insurance Company Limited – Dividend – Individual Dividend – 005L – Other                               –      38,430,000            10.98 Onshore preference shares            –        –             –
                   FH002 Shanghai
       3       China Life Insurance Company Limited – Traditional – Ordinary Insurance            Other                           –      38,400,000            10.97 Onshore preference shares            –        –             –
                   Products – 005L – CT001 Shanghai
       4       China Ping An Life Insurance Co., Ltd. – Universal – Individual Universal Insurance Other                          –      30,700,000             8.77 Onshore preference shares            –        –             –
       5       China Ping An Life Insurance Company Limited – Dividend – Dividends for            Other                           –      30,700,000             8.77 Onshore preference shares            –        –             –
                   Individual Insurance
       6       BOCOM International Trust Co., Ltd. – Jin Sheng Tian Li No. 1 Single Fund Trust Other                              –      30,700,000             8.77 Onshore preference shares            –        –             –
       7       Puyin Ansheng Fund Company – SPDB – Shanghai Pudong Development Bank               Other                           –      21,930,000             6.27 Onshore preference shares            –        –             –
                   Shanghai Branch
       8       Xing Quan Rui Zhong Total Assets – Ping An Bank – Ping An Bank Co., Ltd.           Other                           –      15,350,000             4.39 Onshore preference shares            –        –             –
       9       Chuang Jin He Xin Fund – China Merchants Bank – China Merchants Bank               Other                           –      10,960,000             3.13 Onshore preference shares            –        –             –
                  Co., Ltd.
       10      Bank of Communications Schroder Fund – Minsheng Bank – China Minsheng Bank Other                                   –       8,770,000             2.51 Onshore preference shares            –        –             –
                   Co., Ltd.
               China Resources Shenzhen Investment Trust Co., Ltd. – No. 1 Single Investment      Other                           –       8,770,000             2.51 Onshore preference shares            –        –             –
                   Trust Fund

      Notes:     (1)      The shareholdings of the preference shareholders were calculated based on the information contained in the preference-share register of the Bank.
                 (2)      Note on related relations or concerted actions of the above preference shareholders: Based on publicly available information, the Bank came to the
                          preliminary conclusion that there was related relation between China Life Insurance Company Limited – Dividend – Individual Dividend – 005L –
                          FH002 Shanghai and China Life Insurance Company Limited – Traditional – Ordinary Insurance Products – 005L – CT001 Shanghai and between
                          China Ping An Life Insurance Co., Ltd. – Universal – Individual Universal Insurance and China Ping An Life Insurance Company Limited – Dividend
                          – Dividends for Individual Insurance. Except for these, the Bank was not aware of any related relation or related action between the above-mentioned
                          preference shareholders or between the above-mentioned preference shareholders and the top 10 ordinary shareholders.
                 (3)      “Shareholding percentage” means the number of preference shares held by preference shareholders accounting for in the total issued preference shares.




            6.3 Dividend Distribution for Preference Shares

      6.3.1 Policy on profit distribution of preference shares
      The Bank’s preference shares shall apply a nominal dividend yield subject to phase-specific adjustment, i.e., every five years
      as of the payment date of the subscribed shares constitutes an interest-bearing period and each period applies the same
      nominal dividend yield. The nominal dividend yield for the first interest-bearing period was set at 3.80% by way of book
      finding.




126   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                    Chapter 6 Preference Shares




Cash dividends shall be paid for the above-mentioned preference shares on an annual basis, with the interest-bearing
principal calculated as the total par value of the issued ongoing preference shares and the interest start date being the
payment date of the subscribed shares (i.e., 26 October 2016). Dividends on the above preference shares shall not be
cumulative, i.e., the shortage from a full-amount dividend payout in the current year will not be accumulated to the next
interest-bearing year. Except for access to the dividends agreed upon in accordance with the issuance plan, the above-
mentioned preference shareholders shall not participate in the distribution of surplus profits together with the ordinary
shareholders.

6.3.2 Payment of dividends on preference shares during the reporting period
The Bank adopted the 2019 Plan on Payment of Dividends on Preference Shares at the Board meeting convened on 27
August 2019, approving that the preference share dividends accrued between 26 October 2018 and 25 October 2019
would be paid on 28 October 2019. On 28 October 2019 the Bank paid dividends on the preference shares to all the
shareholders of “CITIC Excellent 1” (preference share stock code: 360025) registered with China Securities Depository and
Clearing Corporation Limited Shanghai Branch at the close of trading on the SSE on 25 October 2019. The Bank paid out
a preference dividend of RMB3.80 per share (before tax), which was calculated at a nominal dividend rate of 3.80%, with
total dividend payment for the 350 million preference shares amounting to RMB1.330 billion (before tax).


6.3.3 Amounts and ratios of dividend distribution for preference shares in the
       recent three years
                                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB million
 Item                                                                                             2019                            2018                     2017
 Distribution amount                                                                            1,330                            1,330                    1,330
 Distribution ratio                                                                             100%                             100%                     100%

Notes:   (1)   Distribution ratio is the ratio of the total amount of dividends paid out to the dividends payable for the corresponding year.
         (2)   The interest start date shall be the payment date of the subscribed shares, i.e., 26 October 2016.




    6.4 Redemption or Conversion of Preference Shares

No preference share of the Bank was redeemed or converted during the reporting period.




    6.5 Restoration of Voting Right of Preference Shares

During the reporting period, the Bank did not have matters that restored the voting right of preference shares.




    6.6 A ccounting Policies for Preference Shares and the Underlying
         Reasons

According to the relevant accounting standards promulgated by the Ministry of Finance (MOF), namely, Accounting
Standards for Enterprises No. 22 – Recognition and Measurement of Financial Instruments, Accounting Standards for Enterprises
No. 37 – Presentation of Financial Instruments, and Distinguishing between Financial Liabilities and Equity Instruments
and the Relevant Accounting Treatments, and pursuant to the principal terms of the preference share issuance, the above-
mentioned preference shares are eligible to be classified as equity instrument. Hence, the Bank accounted for the preference
shares as an equity instrument.



                                                                                                                                                2019 Annual Report   127
      Chapter 7 Convertible Corporate Bonds

         7.1 Issuance and Listing of Convertible Corporate Bonds

      The plan on the public issuance of convertible bonds and its associated proposals were adopted via voting by poll at the
      Bank’s 1st Extraordinary General Meeting of 2017, 1st A Shareholders Class Meeting of 2017, and 1st H Shareholders
      Class Meeting of 2017 convened on 7 February 2017. The Bank proposed to make a public issuance of up to RMB40
      billion A-share convertible corporate bonds.

      The former CBRC issued the Reply of the China Banking Regulatory Commission on Relevant Matters relating to CITIC
      Bank’s Public Issuance of A-Share Convertible Corporate Bonds (CBRC Reply [2017] No.193) in July 2017, giving the Bank
      the consent to issue up to RMB40 billion A-share convertible corporate bonds. In December 2018, the Public Offering
      Review Committee of the CSRC reviewed and approved the Bank’s application for issuance of up to RMB40 billion
      A-share convertible corporate bonds. In December 2018, the CSRC produced the Reply on Approving China CITIC Bank
      Corporation Limited’s Public Issuance of Convertible Corporate Bonds (CSRC Permit [2018] No. 2168), permitting the Bank’s
      public issuance of convertible corporate bonds up to RMB40 billion. On 4 March 2019, the Bank completed the issuance
      of 40 million board lots of A-share convertible corporate bonds (hereinafter referred to as “A-share convertible bonds” for
      short), with each issued at the face value of RMB100 at par, raising total proceeds of RMB40 billion, which came to net
      proceeds of RMB39.9156402 billion after deduction of the issuance costs. These A-share convertible bonds, referred to
      as “CITIC Convertible Bonds” with the code of 113021, were listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange for trading on 19
      March 2019 and the closing price of that day was RMB107.9868 per bond.

      Please refer to the relevant announcements published on the official websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.
      hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) for details thereof.



         7.2 Convertible Bond Holders and Guarantors during the Reporting
              Period

                                                                                                                Unit: RMB Yuan
       Convertible bond holders at the period end (accounts)                                                            10,983
       Guarantors of convertible bonds of the Bank                                                                       None
                                                                                      Nominal value of
                                                                                      bonds held at the          Percentage of
       Name of top ten convertible bond holders                                       end of the period        bonds held (%)
       CITIC Corporation Limited                                                        26,388,000,000                   65.97
       China National Tobacco Corporation                                                2,521,129,000                    6.30
       Special account for collateralized bond repurchase in the securities
         depository and clearing system (Industrial and Commercial Bank of
         China (ICBC))                                                                   1,031,293,000                     2.58
       CITIC Securities – “Xinxinxiangrong (鑫鑫向榮) B” RMB wealth
         management product in the PSBC (Postal Savings Bank of China)
         Wealth Series – Xinsheng No.1 single asset management plan of CITIC
         Securities                                                                        917,178,000                     2.29
       Special account for collateralized bond repurchase in the securities
         depository and clearing system (Bank of China)                                    594,984,000                     1.49
       Special account for collateralized bond repurchase in the securities
         depository and clearing system (China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.)                   435,681,000                     1.09
       Special account for collateralized bond repurchase in the securities
         depository and clearing system (China Construction Bank)                          415,372,000                     1.04
       Orient Securities Co., Ltd.                                                         283,808,000                     0.71
       Special account for collateralized bond repurchase in the securities
         depository and clearing system (China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.)               280,740,000                     0.70
       CMW Asset Management – PSBC – Postal Savings Bank of China Co., Ltd.                190,807,000                     0.48




128   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                   Chapter 7 Convertible Corporate Bonds




   7.3 C hanges in A-share Convertible Bonds during the Reporting
        Period

For the A-share convertible bonds issued by the Bank, the commencement date of the conversion period will be 11
September 2019, i.e., the first trading day after six months from the completion of the issuance; and the ending date will be
3 March 2025, i.e., the bond maturity date. As at the end of reporting period, a total of RMB105,000 CITIC Convertible
Bonds had been converted to A-share ordinary shares of the Bank, making the total number of converted shares reaching
14,533, which accounted for 0.00002970% of the total ordinary shares issued by the Bank before the conversion of CITIC
Convertible Bonds.



   7.4 Previous Adjustments of Conversion Prices

On 19 July 2019 (the date of record), the Bank distributed dividends on ordinary shares (A share) for the year 2018.
According to the related articles of the Prospectus on the Public Issuance of the A Share Convertible Corporate Bonds of China
CITIC Bank Corporation Limited as well as other applicable laws and regulations, after the issuance of A-share convertible
bonds of the Bank, the Bank will accordingly adjust the conversion price of the A-share convertible bonds in case that
changes take place to the Bank’s equity due to the distribution of cash dividends. Therefore, after this profit distribution,
the initial conversion price of CITIC Convertible Bonds was adjusted from RMB7.45 per share to RMB7.22 per share
since 22 July 2019 (the ex-dividend date). Previous adjustments to conversion prices are set out in the table below:

                                                                                                               Unit: RMB Yuan
                         Conversion price
 Date of adjustment      after adjustment Disclosure date        Media of disclosure             Reasons for adjustment
 22 July 2019                          7.22 15 July 2019       China Securities Journal,      The implementation of profit
                                                                 Shanghai Securities News,      distribution for ordinary
                                                                 Securities Times, website of   shares (A share) for 2018
                                                                 SSE, website of the Bank
 The latest conversion price at the end of the reporting period                                                       7.22



   7.5 The Bank’s Outstanding Debts, Creditworthiness and Availability
        of Cash for Repayment of Debts in Future Years

In accordance with the applicable provisions in the Administrative Measures for the Issuance of Securities by Listed Companies,
and the Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Bank entrusted the credit rating institution
Dagong Global Credit Rating Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Dagong Global” for short) to track and rate the credit
standing of the A-share convertible bonds the Bank issued in March 2019. Dagong Global issued the Tracking Rating Report
on China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited as the Issuer and its Publicly Offered A Share Convertible Corporate Bonds (2019)
which stated the rating results that: maintaining the Bank’s issuer long-term credit rating at AAA with a stable outlook and
the credit rating of CITIC Convertible Bonds at AAA. The Bank managed to remain stable in all aspects of operation, as
exemplified by the reasonable asset structure, the basically steady liabilities, and the robust credit position. In future years,
income from normal operations, cash inflows, and realization of current assets will constitute the principal cash sources for
the Bank’s debt service.




                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report     129
      Chapter 8 Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates

           8.1 B asic Information on Directors, Supervisors and Senior
                Management Members of the Bank

      8.1.1 Board of Directors
                                                                                                                                                                   Pre-tax payable
                                                                                                                                                              remuneration earned Whether receiving
                                                                                                                                                             from the Bank during remuneration from
                                                                                                                               Year-beginning       Year-end the reporting period the Bank’s related
       Name                   Position                                         Gender   Date of birth Term of office             shareholding   shareholding    (RMB10 thousand)      party (parties)
       Li Qingping            Chairperson, Executive Director                  Female   Oct. 1962      Mar. 2014 – May 2021                0             0                      –                 Yes
       Cao Guoqiang           Non-executive Director                           Male     Dec. 1964      Sep. 2018 – May 2021                0             0                      –                 Yes
       Fang Heying            Executive Director, President &
                                 Chief Financial Officer                       Male     Jun. 1966      Sep. 2018 – May 2021                0             0                 223.18                 No
        Guo Danghuai          Executive Director & Vice President              Male     May 1964       Sep. 2019 – May 2021                0             0                 164.40                 No
        Huang Fang            Non-executive Director                           Female   May 1973       Nov. 2016 – May 2021                0             0                      –                 Yes
        Wan Liming            Non-executive Director                           Male     May 1966       Jun. 2016 – May 2021                0             0                      –                 Yes
        He Cao                Independent Non-Executive Director               Male     Sep. 1955      Jun. 2016 – May 2021                0             0                  30.00                 No
        Chen Lihua            Independent Non-Executive Director               Female   Sep. 1962      Jun. 2016 – May 2021                0             0                  30.00                 No
        Qian Jun              Independent Non-Executive Director               Male     Jul. 1970      Dec. 2016 – May 2021                0             0                  30.00                 No
        Yan Lap Kei Isaac     Independent Non-Executive Director               Male     Oct. 1960      Sep. 2018 – May 2021                0             0                  30.00                 No

      Notes:       (1)      The starting time of the terms of office of the re-elected/re-engaged directors, supervisors and senior management members is the time of their respective
                            initial appointment/engagement. The same applies below.
                   (2)      The final remunerations of those directors, supervisors and senior management members of the Bank are still undergoing confirmation, of which the
                            remaining amounts shall be disclosed upon completion of the confirmation process. The same applies below.
                   (3)      A non-executive director (not including independent non-executive director) receives no allowance from the Bank.



      8.1.2 Board of Supervisors
                                                                                                                                                                   Pre-tax payable
                                                                                                                                                              remuneration earned Whether receiving
                                                                                                                                                             from the Bank during remuneration from
                                                                                                                               Year-beginning       Year-end the reporting period the Bank’s related
       Name                   Title                                            Gender   Date of birth Term of office             shareholding   shareholding    (RMB10 thousand)      party (parties)
       Liu Cheng              Chairman of the Board of Supervisors, Employee   Male     Dec. 1967      Apr. 2018 – May 2021                0             0                 167.79                 No
                                 Representative Supervisor
       Deng Changqing         Shareholder Representative Supervisor            Male     Apr. 1973      May 2018 – May 2021                 0             0                      –                 Yes
       Wang Xiuhong           External Supervisor                              Female   Oct. 1946      Jan. 2014 – Jan. 2020               0             0                  30.00                 No
       Jia Xiangsen           External Supervisor                              Male     Apr. 1955      May 2015 – May 2021                 0             0                  30.00                 No
       Zheng Wei              External Supervisor                              Male     Mar. 1974      May 2015 – May 2021                 0             0                  30.00                 No
       Li Gang                Employee Representative Supervisor               Male     Mar. 1969      Aug. 2019 – May 2021                0             0                 165.44                 No
       Chen Panwu             Employee Representative Supervisor               Male     Jan. 1964      Sep. 2017 – May 2021                0             0                 218.20                 No
       Zeng Yufang            Employee Representative Supervisor               Female   Dec. 1970      Sep. 2017 – May 2021                0             0                 128.31                 No

      Note:        In January 2020, Ms. Wang Xiuhong resigned as external supervisor of the Bank, and chairperson of the Nomination Committee of the Board of Supervisors of
                   the Bank after completing her six years’ term as external supervisor of the Bank. In order to ensure the Board of Supervisors of the Bank meets the requirement
                   that the proportion of external supervisors is no less than one third of the number of supervisors, Ms. Wang Xiuhong’s resignation will take effect after the
                   new external supervisor elected by the general meeting of the Bank takes office. During this period, Ms. Wang Xiuhong will continue to perform her duties in
                   accordance with relevant laws, regulations and the Articles of Association of the Bank.




130   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
   Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




8.1.3 Senior Management Members
                                                                                                                                                                              Whether receiving
                                                                                                                                                          Pre-tax payable    remuneration from
                                                                                                                                                     remuneration earned      the Bank’s related
                                                                                                                                                    from the Bank during          party (parties)
                                                                                                                      Year-beginning       Year-end the reporting period     during performing
 Name             Title                                                     Gender   Date of birth Term of office       shareholding   shareholding    (RMB10 thousand)                   duties
 Fang Heying      Executive Director, President & Chief Financial Officer   Male     Jun. 1966      Since Nov. 2014               0              0                 223.18                    No
 Guo Danghuai     Executive Director & Vice President                       Male     May 1964       Since Nov. 2014               0              0                 164.40                    No
 Yang Yu          Vice President                                            Male     Dec. 1962      Since Dec. 2015               0              0                 162.71                    No
 Hu Gang          Vice President & Chief Risk Officer                       Male     Mar. 1967      Since May 2017                0              0                 164.19                    No
 Xie Zhibin       Vice President                                            Male     May 1969       Since Feb. 2019               0              0                 130.27                    No
 Xiao Huan        Secretary of the Committee for Disciplinary Inspection    Male     Jul. 1972      Since Dec. 2019               0              0                      0                    No
 Lu Wei           Business Director                                         Male     Oct. 1971      Since Jan. 2017               0              0                 211.10                    No
 Lu Jingen        Business Director                                         Male     Jun. 1969      Since Aug. 2018               0              0                 203.91                    No
 Lü Tiangui       Business Director                                         Male     Oct. 1972      Since Aug. 2018               0              0                 205.28                    No
 Zhang Qing       Secretary to the Board of Directors                       Female   Aug. 1968      Since Jul. 2019               0              0                 191.60                    No
 Liu Honghua      Business Director                                         Male     May 1964       Since Aug. 2019               0              0                 195.60                    No

Note:     Mr. Xiao Huan assumed the position of Secretary of the Committee for Disciplinary Inspection of the Bank in December 2019, and started to perform duties in
          January 2020.



8.1.4 Non-incumbent Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management Members
                                                                                                                                                                           Whether receiving
                                                                                                                                                          Pre-tax payable remuneration from
                                                                                                                                                     remuneration earned the Bank’s related
                                                                                                                                                    from the Bank during       party (parties)
                                                                                                                      Year-beginning       Year-end the reporting period during the term of
 Name             Position prior to departure from office                   Gender   Date of birth Departure time       shareholding   shareholding    (RMB10 thousand) office with the Bank
 Cheng Pusheng    Employee Representative Supervisor                        Male     Feb. 1968      May 2019                      0              0                 147.87                    No
 Mo Yue           Secretary of the Committee for Disciplinary Inspection    Male     Oct. 1959      Oct. 2019                     0              0                 126.06                    No
 Yao Ming         Chief Risk Officer                                        Male     Sep. 1960      Nov. 2019                     0              0                 217.22                    No
 Sun Deshun       Executive Director, President                             Male     Nov. 1958      Feb. 2019                     0              0                 140.48                    No

As at the end of the reporting period, none of the directors, supervisors and senior management members, whether
incumbent or non-incumbent during the reporting period, was subject to penalties imposed by the securities regulatory
authorities in the past three years.




                                                                                                                                                                2019 Annual Report                  131
      Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




          8.2 Resumes of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management Members

      8.2.1 Directors




      Ms. Li Qingping                                      Mr. Cao Guoqiang                                      Mr. Fang Heying
      Chinese Nationality                                  Chinese Nationality                                   Chinese Nationality
      Chairperson and executive director of the Bank.      Non-executive director of the Bank. Mr. Cao           Executive director, President and Chief Financial
      Ms. Li is concurrently executive director and        joined the Board of Directors of the Bank in          Officer of the Bank. Mr. Fang joined the Board
      deputy general manager of CITIC Group, executive     September 2018. He has served as chief financial      of Directors of the Bank in September 2018. He
      director, deputy general manager and executive       officer of CITIC Limited since April 2018.            has been President of the Bank since March 2019,
      committee member of CITIC Limited, executive         Mr. Cao was general manager of the Finance            deputy secretary of the Party committee of the
      director, deputy general manager of CITIC            Department of CITIC Group between March 2018          Bank since February 2019, Chief Financial Officer
      Corporation Limited, chairperson of CIFH, vice       and August 2019, and chairman of the Board of         since January 2017 and Party committee member
      chairperson of CITIC Prudential Life Insurance       Supervisors of China CITIC Bank Corporation           of the Bank since August 2014. Mr. Fang was
      Co., Ltd. (formerly Pa Hsin-cheng Life Insurance     Limited between December 2015 and March
                                                                                                                 vice president of the Bank between November
      Co., Ltd.), and chairperson of CITIC aiBank          2018, and held a temporary position at CITIC
                                                                                                                 2014 and March 2019. At the moment, Mr. Fang
                                                           Group as the general manager of the Finance
      Corporation Limited. Ms. Li has been chairperson                                                           is also concurrently a director of CITIC Bank
                                                           Department between April 2015 and March
      and executive director of the Bank since 20 July     2018. In addition, Mr. Cao has been a director        International Limited and CITIC International
      2016. Prior to that, Ms. Li was executive director   of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited since         Financial Holdings Corporation Limited. Prior to
      and president of the Bank from July 2014 to July     September 2018, a director of CITIC Metal Co.,        that, Mr. Fang was a director of CNCB (Hong
      2016; secretary of Party committee of the Bank       Ltd. since April 2018, a director of CITIC Modern     Kong) Investment Co., Ltd. between January 2014
      since May 2014; non-executive director of the Bank   Agriculture Investment Co., Ltd. since December       and May 2019, and headed the Bank’s financial
      between March and May 2014; Party committee          2017, a director of CITIC Myanmar (Hong               markets business from May 2013 to January
      member of CITIC Group and concurrently deputy        Kong) Holdings Limited since October 2016, and        2015. He was concurrently secretary of the Party
      general manager of CITIC Corporation Limited         a director of CITIC Heye Investment Co., Ltd.         committee and president of the Bank’s Hangzhou
      since September 2013; and deputy general manager     since December 2013. Mr. Cao was a director           Branch between May and September 2014 and
      and executive committee member of CITIC              of CITIC Holdings Limited between December            served as secretary of the Party committee and
      Limited since September 2014. She has been           2015 and April 2018, a director of CIFH and           president of the Bank’s Suzhou Branch from March
      an executive director of CITIC Group, CITIC          CNCBI between October 2009 and March 2016,            2007 to May 2013. From September 2003 to
      Corporation Limited and CITIC Limited since          and a director of China Investment and Finance        March 2007, he successively held various positions
      December 2015; deputy general manager of CITIC       Limited (now renamed “CNCBI Investment”)              at the Bank’s Hangzhou Branch, including Party
      Group since December 2017; chairperson of            between December 2005 and January 2014. He            committee member, assistant president, and vice
      CITIC aiBank Corporation Limited since August        was general manager of the Budget and Finance         president. From December 1996 to September
      2017; chairperson of CIFH since September            Department of the Head Office, assistant president
                                                                                                                 2003, he worked at the Bank’s Hangzhou Branch,
      2015; and vice chairperson of Pa Hsin-cheng Life     and vice president of the Bank from April 2005 to
                                                                                                                 successively holding the positions of section
                                                           October 2015. Earlier, between December 1992
      Insurance Co., Ltd. (now CITIC Prudential Life                                                             chief and deputy general manager of the credit
                                                           and April 2005, Mr. Cao served as assistant general
      Insurance Co., Ltd.) since March 2014. Earlier,      manager of the planning and treasury department       department, general manager and secretary of the
      she was head of retail banking and concurrently      at the Head Office of China Merchants Bank            Party committee of Fuyang sub-branch, deputy
      general manager of personal finance department       (CMB), a director of Shenzhen Speed International     general manager of the international settlement
      of Agricultural Bank of China (ABC) from May         Investment Co., Ltd., a director and deputy general   department, deputy general manager of the retail
      2009 to September 2013; head of retail banking       manager (presiding) of CMB Pawn Co., Ltd.,            business department, and general manager of the
      and concurrently general manager of personal         general manager of the planning and treasury unit     business department. From July to December 1996,
      banking and personal credit departments of ABC       at CMB’s Shenzhen administrative department, and      he was deputy director of Hangzhou Chengdong
      from January 2009 to May 2009; and secretary of      deputy general manager and general manager of         Office of Shanghai Pudong Development Bank.
      Party committee and president of ABC Guangxi         the planning and treasury department at the Head      From December 1992 to July 1996, he worked at
      Branch from January 2007 to December 2008.           Office of CMB. From July 1988 to June 1992,           the credit department of the experimental urban
      Prior to these, she was a cadre, deputy division     Mr. Cao worked in the planning and treasury           credit cooperative of Zhejiang Banking School,
      chief, division chief, deputy general manager and    division of the PBOC Shaanxi branch as a senior       successively holding the positions of credit clerk,
      general manager of the International Business        staff member and deputy section chief. Mr. Cao        manager, and assistant general manager. From
      Department at the ABC Head Office from August        graduated from Hunan College of Finance and           July 1991 to December 1992, he was a teacher
      1984 to January 2007. Ms. Li is a senior economist   Economics with a bachelor’s degree in monetary        at Zhejiang Banking School. Mr. Fang graduated
      with over 30 years’ professional experience in the   banking and obtained his master’s degree in           from Peking University with a master’s degree in
      Chinese banking industry. She graduated from         monetary banking from Shaanxi College of Finance
                                                                                                                 business administration. He is a senior economist,
      Nankai University majoring in international          and Economics. He is a senior economist with
                                                                                                                 and has over 20 years of experience in the Chinese
                                                           over 30 years’ experience in the Chinese banking
      finance with a master’s degree in economics.                                                               banking industry.
                                                           industry.

132   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
   Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




Mr. Guo Danghuai                                    Ms. Huang Fang                                Mr. Wan Liming
Chinese Nationality                                 Chinese Nationality                           Chinese Nationality

Executive director and Vice President of the        Non-executive director of the Bank. Ms. Non-executive director of the Bank. Mr.
Bank. Mr. Guo joined the Board of Directors         Huang joined the Board of Directors Wan joined the Board of Directors of
of the Bank in September 2019. He has served
as Party committee member of the Bank since
                                                    of the Bank in November 2016. She the Bank in June 2016. He has served
August 2014 and Vice President of the Bank          has served as a director of Xinhu as a deputy general manager (presiding)
since November 2014. He is concurrently             Zhongbao Co., Ltd. since November of China Shuangwei Investment Co.,
a director of CITIC International Financial         2015, a director of Zhejiang Xinhu Ltd. since December 2018. Earlier, he
Holdings Corporation Limited, CNCB (Hong            Group Co., Ltd. since August 2013, was director general of the Financial
Kong) Investment Co., Ltd., CNCB (Hong              and vice president and chief financial Management and Supervision Division
                                                    officer of Zhejiang Xinhu Group Co., (Audit Division) of the State Tobacco
Kong) Capital Limited and CITIC aiBank
Corporation Limited. Previously, Mr. Guo                                                    Monopoly Administration between
was a director of China UnionPay Co., Ltd.          Ltd. since July 2011. Previously, Ms.
                                                                                            November 2011 and November 2018.
between July 2015 and December 2019; chief          Huang was vice president and chief He was a deputy director general of the
audit officer of the Bank from May 2013 to          financial officer of Xinhu Holdings Financial Management and Supervision
August 2014; secretary of Party committee and       Limited from October 2010 to July Division (Audit Division) of the State
general manager of the Business Department at
the Bank’s Head Office from March 2010 to
                                                    2011. From August 1992 to September Tobacco Monopoly Administration
May 2013; secretary of Party committee and          2010, she worked for Agricultural Bank b e t w e e n D e c e m b e r 2 0 0 9 a n d
president of the Bank’s Tianjin Branch from         of China (ABC) Zhejiang Provincial November 2011, and chief accountant
July 2006 to March 2010; general manager of         Branch, holding various positions, of Yunnan Tobacco Monopoly Bureau
the International Business Department of the        including deputy general manager of (company) from February 2007 to
Bank from January 2005 to July 2006; and            the international business department D ecember 2009. B et ween Au gu st
assistant president of the Bank between August
2001 and January 2005. From November 2000
                                                    of the branch, deputy general manager 1996 and February 2007, he served
to August 2001, he was designated by CITIC          (presiding) of Hangzhou Baojiao sub- multiple positions at Yunnan Tobacco
Group to lead the project on CITIC Guo’an           branch, as well as deputy general Monopoly Administration (Company),
Group’s acquisition of Shantou Commercial           manager of the corporate banking including deputy chief and chief of the
Bank and to be the chairman. He served as           unit as well as deputy general manager finance division, chief of the financial
secretary of Party committee and president of       (presiding) and general manager of the m a n a g e m e n t a n d a u d i t d i v i s i o n ,
the Bank’s Shenyang Branch from September
1999 to November 2000. Between August               personal finance unit at the business deputy chief accountant and chief of
1986 and September 1999, he worked for the          department of the branch. Ms. Huang the financial management division.
Bank, successively holding the positions of staff   has a wealth of practical financial From May 1996 to August 1996, he
                                                                                            was a cadre at Yunnan Tobacco Travel
member, deputy section chief and section chief,     experience, outstanding leadership
and also served as section chief, deputy general                                            Company. From July 1988 to May
                                                    and capabilities in organizing and 1996, he worked as a lecturer and
manager and general manager of the business
department at Capital Mansion, assistant
                                                    coordinating. She graduated from deputy teaching & research director at
president and vice president of the Bank’s          Zhejiang University with a bachelor of Yunnan Finance and Trade College.
Beijing Branch, and deputy general manager of       law degree. She holds an intermediate Mr. Wan has a wealth of financial
the Business Department at the Bank’s Head          economist title.                        management experience. He graduated
Office. Mr. Guo is a senior economist and a                                                 from the Department of Industrial
graduate of Peking University with a master’s
degree in business administration. He has over
                                                                                            Economics at Renmin University
30 years of experience in the Chinese banking                                               of China with a bachelor’s degree
industry.                                                                                   in economic management of capital
                                                                                            construction.

                                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report       133
      Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




      Mr. He Cao                                               Ms. Chen Lihua                                                                            Mr. Qian Jun
      Chinese Nationality                                      Chinese Nationality                                                                       Chinese Nationality
      Independent non-executive director of the Bank.          Independent non-executive director of the Bank. Ms. Chen joined the Board of              Independent non-executive director of the Bank.
      Mr. He joined the Board of Directors of the                                                                                                        Mr. Qian joined the Board of Directors of the Bank
      Bank in June 2016. Previously, he was chairman           Directors of the Bank in June 2016. She is a professor and Ph.D. tutor of the             in December 2016. Mr. Qian has been professor of
      of China Jinmao Group (formerly Franshion                Management Science and Information System Department of Guanghua School of                finance and executive dean of Fanhai International
      Properties (China) Co., Ltd.), and chairman of           Management at Peking University. At the same time, Ms. Chen is executive director         School of Finance at Fudan University since July 2017.
      Jinmao Investment and Jinmao (China) Investment          of the Center for Research of Circulation Economy and Management, director of             He was deputy director of the China Academy of
      Holding Co., Ltd. Mr. He joined Sinochem                                                                                                           Financial Research and co-director of the EMBA/DBA/
      Corporation in 1979 and held various senior              Liantai Supply Chain Research and Development Center, and deputy dean of the              EE programs at Shanghai Advanced Institute of Finance
      positions in financial management, business              China National Institute for Research of Development Strategy on Hi-Tech Industry         (SAIF) of Shanghai Jiao Tong University between July
      management and investment enterprises within the         Development Zone of Peking University. In addition, she is vice president of the          2014 and June 2017. He was an associate editor of the
      group. In 2002, he was appointed assistant to the                                                                                                  Review of Finance from December 2013 to December
      president of Sinochem Corporation and regarded           China Society of Logistics, director of the Supply Chain and Logistics Committee of       2016. He was professor of finance and a Ph.D. tutor
      as a vice president of Sinochem from 2013 onward.        the China Management Science Society, deputy director of the Industry Committee of        at Shanghai Advanced Institute of Finance (SAIF)
      Mr. He was president, vice chairman and chairman         the China Information Economics Society, an expert with special contribution to the       and co-director of the EMBA program of Shanghai
      of China Jinmao (Group) Co., Ltd. since 2002,            logistics industry over the 40 years of China’s reform and opening-up, a core expert in   Jiao Tong University from July 2013 to June 2017.
      during which time he successfully ran the Shanghai                                                                                                 Mr. Qian served as a special-term professor of finance
      Jinmao Tower, and presided over the investment,          the National Strategy Research Group for Supply Chain Innovation and Application,         at Shanghai Jiaotong University from May 2009 to
      acquisition and construction of multiple luxury          and an expert on national high-tech zones engaged by the Ministry of Science and          June 2013. He taught finance at the Carroll School of
      five-star hotels and properties in tier-one cities and   Technology. Ms. Chen has been an independent director of CWT International                Management of Boston College between July 2000 and
      high-end tourist resorts, developing Jinmao Group                                                                                                  June 2013, being an assistant professor from July 2000
      into China’s well-known high-end commercial              limited, a company listed in Hong Kong since August 2019. From 1999 to 2001, Ms.          to February 2006 and an associate professor of finance
      real estate developer and operator. Mr. He became        Chen was general manager of Beijing Jun Shi Century Information Technology Co.,           with tenure between March 2006 and June 2013. He
      chairman, executive director and CEO of Franshion        Ltd., a company mainly engaged in the development, production and sales of banking        worked as a Haub family researcher from September
      Properties (China) Co., Ltd. in January 2009.            devices. Ms. Chen served as an independent director of Tiger, a Singaporean listed        2011 to June 2013. Since April 2011, Mr. Qian has
      Under his chairmanship and promotion, Franshion                                                                                                    been an associate editor of the Frontiers of Economics
      Properties (China) Co., Ltd. and Jinmao Group            company from 2005 to 2006. She received a Bachelor of Science degree and a Master         in China. He was a special-term professor of finance at
      completed a strategic reorganization between 2009        of Science degree from Jilin University of Technology in 1983 and 1988 respectively.      the School of Economics and Management of Tsinghua
      and 2010, and the spin-off of Jinmao Tower               She got her doctoral degree in management science from the City University of Hong        University between July 2007 and June 2009, a
      Property and Franshion Properties’ eight high-end                                                                                                  visiting associate professor at MIT’s Sloan School of
      hotels in 2014, which was successfully listed on         Kong in 1998 and did her post-doctoral studies at the Institute of Mathematics and        Management between July 2007 and June 2008, and a
      The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited as a             Systems Science of the Chinese Academy of Sciences between 1999 and 2000. Ms.             research fellow at the Wharton School of the University
      trust structure of Jinmao Investment and Jinmao          Chen mainly researches and teaches the following areas: management science, supply        of Pennsylvania since September 2002. Mr. Qian
      Holding. Mr. He once served as co-chair of the           chain finance, logistics finance, supply chain and logistics management, logistics park   did his undergraduate program at the Department of
      “China Hotel Owner Alliance” under the China                                                                                                       International Economics of Fudan University between
      Hotel Industry Association, and vice president of        management, circulation economy and management, service operation management,             1988 and 1991 and obtained his B.S. degree in
      the All-China Real Estate Chamber of Commerce.           hi-tech park and industrial management, technological innovation and management,          economics from the University of Iowa in May 1993
      In addition, Mr. He was engaged as the executive         venture capital investment and entrepreneurial management. In her fields of research,     and his Ph.D. from the University of Pennsylvania in
      director of Shanghai Federation of Enterprises in                                                                                                  May 2000. Mr. Qian’s research interests span many
      Shanghai, vice chairman of Housing Policy and            Ms. Chen has carried out extensive cooperation and exchanges with relevant                topics of theoretical and empirical corporate finance
      Market Regulation Research Committee of China            international organizations, including Stanford University, George Mason University,      and financial institutions, including commercial and
      Urban Science Research Council, and member of            Roma University and universities in Hong Kong. In her capacity as leader or research      investment banking, mutual and hedge funds, credit
      the Professional Committee on Green Building             backbone, Ms. Chen has participated in numerous international cooperation projects        rating agencies, mergers and acquisitions, legal systems
      and Energy Conservation under the China Urban                                                                                                      related to finance, comparison of financial systems in
      Science Research Society. He was a delegate to the       and key research and development projects sponsored by the National Natural               emerging markets, development of financial systems
      12th and 13th session of the Shanghai Municipal          Science Foundation, ministries and provincial governments in China. She also sits on      during China’s economic transformation, and financial
      People’s Congress and was named Shanghai’s               the review and assessment panels of multiple domestic and foreign academic journals.      risk prevention and control. His research papers have
      model worker in 2007 and one of the economic                                                                                                       been published on top academic journals including
      figures in Shanghai Pudong’s 20-year development         She has published numerous papers such as Supply Chain Coordination Based on              the American Economic Review, Journal of Finance,
      and opening-up in 2012. Mr. He graduated from            the Trade Credit and Option Contract under Capital Constraint on prestigious              Journal of Financial Economics, Journal of Financial
      Jilin College for Finance and Economics with a           international publications such as the European Journal of Operational Research and       and Quantitative Analysis and Journal of International
      junior diploma in 1979, from Renmin University           Proceeding of Workshop on Internet and Network Economics. Ms. Chen took the               Economics. He also contributed chapters of several
      of China with a degree in economics in 1986, and                                                                                                   books on financial system development, including
      from the Graduate School of Political Economics in       lead to complete many major research reports including Research of the Supply Chain       China’s Great Economic Transformation, Emerging
      Jilin University in 1987. Mr. He obtained his MBA        Financial Model for the Traditional Chinese Medicine Industry, the Research of the        Giants: China and India in the World Economy,
      from the China Europe International Business             Supply Chain Financial Model for Agricultural Industry, etc.                              China’s Emerging Financial Markets: Challenges and
      School in 2004. He has a senior economist title.                                                                                                   Opportunities, and Global Perspectives of Rule of Law.


134   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
    Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




Yan Lap Kei Isaac
Chinese (Hong Kong) Nationality
Independent non-executive director of the Bank.
Mr. Yan joined the Board of Directors of the Bank
in September 2018. Earlier, he joined Arthur Young
& Co. (UK) in 1984, joined KPMG Certified
Public Accountants (UK) in 1987, and served
as assistant manager at KPMG Certified Public
Accountants (Hong Kong) since 1988, as manager
since 1989, as senior manager since 1993 and was
promoted partner in 1998. He served as a partner
at KPMG Huazhen Certified Public Accountants in
Beijing (special general partnership) between 2000
and 2017, and established the quality control and
risk management department of KPMG (China).
Mr. Yan graduated from Liverpool University with
an (accounting) Bachelor of Arts degree, and has
the chartered accountant qualification in England
and Wales as well as the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants fellowship. Mr.
Yan has abundant experience in aspects such as
accounting, audit and risk management, and used
to participate many times in the public listing and
annual audit of state-owned large and medium-
sized enterprises in industries including finance,
telecommunications, electricity and manufacturing.
He enjoys a wealth of practical experience in
merger, acquisition, restructuring and public
listing projects in the Chinese mainland and Hong
Kong capital markets. Mr. Yan used to serve as
a consulting expert of the former China Banking
Regulatory Commission, an accounting standards
consulting expert of the PRC Ministry of Finance,
a consultant to the Accounting Department of the
China Securities Regulatory Commission (full-time
for a year), a member of the Delisting Committee
of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, and a member
of the China Technical Professionals Group,
Professional Standards Supervisory Committee and
Risk Management Committee of the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He also
participated in the review of the first draft of the
audit and accounting standards issued by the PRC
Ministry of Finance and the English translation
work of the audit standards. He was a visiting
professor at Beijing National Accounting Institute
and Shanghai National Accounting Institute.




                                                                         2019 Annual Report   135
      Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




      8.2.2 Supervisors




      Mr. Liu Cheng                                   Mr. Deng Changqing                          Ms. Wang Xiuhong
      Chinese Nationality                             Chinese Nationality                         Chinese Nationality

      Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of the     Shareholder representative supervisor External supervisor of the Bank. She is
      Bank. Mr. Liu has served as chairman of the     of the Bank. He has served as deputy honorary president of China Women
      Board of Supervisors, employee representative
      supervisor and Party committee member of
                                                      chief accountant of China Poly Group Judges Society. She was president of
      the Bank since April 2018. Mr. Liu has been     Corporation Limited since January China Women Judges Society and
      a supervisor of Asian Financial Cooperation     2 0 1 9 , c h a i r m a n o f t h e B o a r d o f vice president of China Judges Society
      Association (AFCA) since October 2019.          Supervisors of China Huaxin Post from December 2003 to January 2015.
      Mr. Liu worked at the General Office of         a n d T e l e c o m T e c h n o l o g i e s C o . , Ms. Wang served as a member (vice
      the State Council from April 2008 to April
      2018, successively serving as a secretary       Ltd. since November 2019 and as minister level) of the judicial committee
      at the division chief level, a secretary at     vice president and Party committee of the Supreme People’s Court of PRC
      the deputy director general level and a         member of Yunnan City Construction from October 2004 to December 2010;
      secretary at the director general level. He     Investment Co. Ltd. since January head of the administrative tribunal and
      was an official at the division chief level,
      a first Secretary, a researcher and deputy
                                                      2020. Mr. Deng was chief accountant a member of the judicial committee
      division chief of Division One of the Second    of Poly Technologies Inc. between of the Supreme People’s Court of
      Secretary Bureau at the General Office of       November 2014 and January 2019, PRC from May 2003 to September
      the State Council from December 2004            and concurrently chief accountant of 2004; a deputy director of the Political
      to April 2008; assistant researcher and         Poly International Holdings Co., Ltd. Department of the Supreme People’s
      researcher of the Finance Division under
      the Finance Department of the National          from August 2016 to January 2019; Court of PRC from February 1997 to
      Development and Reform Commission               deputy director and director of the April 2003; executive vice president and
      from July 2003 to December 2004; and            finance department of China Poly deputy secretary of Party committee
      principal staff member at the Finance           Group Corporation (currently China of the High People’s court of Jilin
      Department, and principal staff member
      and assistant researcher at the Economic
                                                      Poly Group Corporation Limited) Province and vice president of China
      Policy Coordination Department of the           between February 2009 and November W o m e n J u d g e s A s s o c i a t i o n f r o m
      State Planning Commission (now National         2014; deputy general manager of the February 1994 to January 1997. Prior
      Development and Reform Commission)              budget and finance department of Poly to that, Ms. Wang successively served
      from March 1995 to July 2003. Mr. Liu           Technologies Inc. between March 2007 at Siping District Timber Company
      graduated from the Finance Department
      of the Central College of Finance and           and February 2009; a manager of the in Jilin, Intermediate People’s court of
      Economics (now Central University of            finance department, a secretary at the Siping District, Liaoyuan Intermediate
      Finance and Economics) in July 1989 with        General Office and a senior manager of People’s Court and Jilin Intermediate
      a bachelor’s degree in economics. He stayed     the finance department of China Poly People’s Court. With her long-term
      on to teach at the college until March 1995,
      during which period he obtained a master’s
                                                      Group Corporation between May 2000 services in the judicial system, Ms.
      degree in economics. Mr. Liu obtained his       and March 2007. He graduated from Wang is very experienced in legal
      doctor of economics degree in currency          the Beijing Graduate School of China matters. Ms. Wang graduated from
      and banking from the School of Finance at       University of Mining and Technology, Beijing Political Science and Law
      Renmin University of China in July 2001.        majoring in economics & management. College (now China University of
                                                                                                          Political Science and Law).


136   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
   Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




Mr. Jia Xiangsen                           Mr. Zheng Wei                              Mr. Li Gang
Chinese Nationality                        Chinese Nationality                        Chinese Nationality

External supervisor of the Bank. Mr. Jia   External supervisor of the Bank. Mr.       Employee representative supervisor of the
has been an external supervisor of Bank    Zheng is a professor and dean of risk      Bank. Mr. Li has served as general manager
                                                                                      of the Audit Department of the Bank
of China Limited since May 2019,           management and insurance science at        since December 2019. He was the head
and an independent director of China       the School of Economics of Peking          of the Bank’s Audit Department between
Life Insurance Company Limited since       University. He has been working at         September 2018 and December 2019. Mr.
March 2016. He was concurrently chief      the School of Economics of Peking          Li served as the secretary of Party committee
audit executive and director general of    University since July 1988, holding        and president of the Bank’s Hefei Branch
                                                                                      from January 2015 to September 2018,
the audit bureau at the Head Office of     various positions including assistant      during which time, from March 2015 to
Agricultural Bank of China (“ABC”)         lecturer, lecturer, associate professor,   September 2018, he served as the president
between March 2010 and March 2014          professor and Ph.D. tutor, and has         of the Bank’s Hefei Branch. From March
and headed the ABC Head Office             been assistant dean, deputy dean and       2012 to January 2015, he served as the
                                                                                      general manager of the Bank’s Audit
audit bureau between April 2008 and        dean of risk management and insurance      Department. From February 2012 to March
March 2010. From December 1983             science since March 1999. He has been      2012, he served as the general manager of
to April 2008, Mr. Jia was deputy          an independent director of Xinhua Life     the Audit Department and concurrently
general manager of the Fengtai District    Insurance Co., Ltd. since March 2016,      the general manager of the Compliance
sub-branch of PBOC Beijing Branch,         an independent director of Donghai         Department of the Bank. From September
                                                                                      2009 to February 2012, he served as the
and held various positions at ABC          Shipping Insurance Co., Ltd. since June    general manager and before that he presided
Beijing Branch, including, among           2016, an independent director of PICC      over the Bank’s Compliance and Audit
others, deputy head of Fengtai District    Reinsurance Co., Ltd. since May 2017,      Department from July 2009 to September
sub-branch, deputy division chief          and a director of Shanghai Nanyan          2009. From June 2005 to July 2009, he
                                                                                      served successively as the general manager
(presiding) at the branch, head of         Information Technology Co., Ltd.           of the Bank’s treasury management division
Dongcheng District sub-branch, and         since November 2018. Between August        within the Budget and Finance Department,
eventually vice president and deputy       1999 and January 2000, Mr. Zheng           assistant general manager of the Budget
secretary of Party committee of the        was a visiting scholar to the Business     and Finance Department and concurrently
branch. He served as general manager       School of the University of Wisconsin-     general manager of the Assets and Liabilities
                                                                                      Management Department as well as deputy
of the corporate banking department        Madison. Mr. Zheng graduated from          general manager of the Budget and Finance
of ABC Head Office, president and          the School of Economics of Peking          Department. From May 2001 to June
secretary of Party committee of ABC        University with a doctoral degree in       2005, he served as the general manager of
Guangdong Provincial Branch. Prior         finance.                                   the budget and finance division within the
                                                                                      Business Department of the Bank’s Head
to that, he worked at Chaoyang and                                                    Office (now the Beijing Branch). Prior
Fengtai District offices of PBOC                                                      to that, Mr. Li served in CITIC Daxie
Beijing Branch. Mr. Jia graduated from                                                Development Limited. Mr. Li graduated
the graduate school of the Chinese                                                    from Peking University with a degree of
Academy of Social Sciences majoring in                                                Executive Master of Business Administration.
monetary banking.


                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report       137
      Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




      Mr. Chen Panwu                             Ms. Zeng Yufang
      Chinese Nationality                        Chinese Nationality

      Employee representative supervisor of      Employee representative supervisor of
      the Bank. He serves as general manager     the Bank. She has been vice president
      of the Bank’s the Culture and Labor        of the Bank’s Guangzhou Branch
      Union Department since September           since August 2019. Earlier, she was
      2018, and executive vice chairman          assistant president and vice president
      of the labor union of the Bank since       of the Bank’s Shenzhen Branch from
      December 2014. Prior to that, he was       July 2008 to August 2019, and deputy
      general manager of the Culture, Labor      general manager and general manager
      Union Office & Security Department         of the accounting department of the
      of the Bank between April 2015 and         branch from December 2003 to July
      September 2018; deputy general             2008. B e t w e e n A u g u s t 2001 a n d
      manager and general manager of             November 2003, she was deputy general
      the Human Resources Department             manager of Shenzhen Gaofei Industrial
      of the Bank from June 2005 to              Co., Ltd. (now renamed “Shenzhen
      November 2014, during which period         Honemark Information Technology
      he concurrently served as head of the      Co., Ltd.”). From December 1998 to
      organization department of the Party       July 2001, she was assistant chief of the
      Committee of the Bank from October         finance and accounting division of State
      2012 to November 2014. From May            Development Bank Shenzhen Branch.
      1994 to June 2005, he worked at the        From March 1996 to November 1998,
      Bank’s Hangzhou Branch, successively       she worked at Shenzhen Branch of
      serving as deputy head of the planning     China Investment Bank, successively
      and credit unit, head of Fengqi office,    serving as deputy chief of the
      general manager of the personnel           accounting section and assistant general
      department, and assistant to the general   manager of the finance and accounting
      manager as well as general manager of      department of Futian sub-branch.
      the human resources unit. Mr. Chan         Ms. Zeng graduated from East-West
      graduated from Suzhou University with      University of the USA with a master’s
      a doctoral degree in finance.              degree in business administration.




138   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
   Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




8.2.3 Senior Management




Mr. Fang Heying                        Mr. Guo Danghuai                          Mr. Yang Yu
Chinese Nationality                    Chinese Nationality                       Chinese Nationality

Executive director, President and Chief Executive director and Vice President    Vice President of the Bank. Mr. Yang
Financial Officer of the Bank. Please of the Bank. Please refer to “Directors”   has been Party committee member
refer to “Directors” in this chapter for in this chapter for Mr. Guo’s resume.   of the Bank since July 2015 and vice
Mr. Fang’s resume.                                                               president of the Bank since December
                                                                                 2015. At the moment, Mr. Yang is
                                                                                 concurrently chairman of CITIC
                                                                                 Financial Leasing Co. Ltd. Prior to that,
                                                                                 he was secretary of Party committee
                                                                                 and president of China Construction
                                                                                 Bank Corporation (CCB) Jiangsu
                                                                                 Branch between March 2011 and June
                                                                                 2015; and secretary of Party committee
                                                                                 and president of CCB Hebei Branch
                                                                                 between July 2006 and February 2011.
                                                                                 Between August 1982 and June 2006,
                                                                                 Mr. Yang worked at CCB Henan
                                                                                 Branch, holding various positions,
                                                                                 including deputy head of the branch’s
                                                                                 budget and finance division, head of
                                                                                 the budget and finance division as well
                                                                                 as vice president and Party committee
                                                                                 member of Xinyang Branch, secretary of
                                                                                 Party committee and general manager
                                                                                 of Zhengzhou municipal railway
                                                                                 branch, secretary of Party committee
                                                                                 and president of Zhengzhou Branch,
                                                                                 and deputy secretary of Party committee
                                                                                 and vice president (presiding) of Henan
                                                                                 Provincial Branch. Mr. Yang is a senior
                                                                                 economist with a master’s degree and
                                                                                 a doctorate degree in management. He
                                                                                 has over 30 years of experience in the
                                                                                 Chinese banking industry.




                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report    139
      Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




      Mr. Hu Gang                                      Mr. Xie Zhibin                               Mr. Xiao Huan
      Chinese Nationality                              Chinese Nationality                          Chinese Nationality

      Vice President and Chief Risk Officer of the     Vice President of the Bank. Mr. Xie          Secretary of the Committee for
      Bank. Mr. Hu has concurrently been Chief         has been Vice President of the Bank          Disciplinary Inspection of the Bank.
      Risk Officer of the Bank since November          since June 2019, a member of the Party
      2019, and has served as Party committee          committee of the Bank since February
                                                                                                    Mr. Xiao has been Secretary of the
      member of the Bank since November                2019, and concurrently a director            Committee for Disciplinary Inspection
      2017, vice president of the Bank since May       of China UnionPay Co., Ltd. since            and member of the Party committee of
      2017. Mr. Hu used to be secretary of Party       December 2019. Previously, Mr. Xie           the Bank since December 2019. Prior
      committee of the Bank’s Shanghai Branch          was Secretary of the Committee for           to that, Mr. Xiao was director of the
      between December 2014 and July 2018,             Disciplinary Inspection and member of
      and concurrently president of Shanghai           the Party Committee of China Everbright      Party Affairs Department and executive
      Branch between May 2015 and July 2018.           Group Co., Ltd. from July 2015 to            deputy secretary of Party committee
      Prior to that, he was head of the wholesale      January 2019. Between March 2012             directly under CITIC Group from
      business of the Bank from May 2014               to July 2015, he served as Assistant         March 2018 to December 2019. From
      to May 2017; Chief Risk Officer of the           General Manager of China Export Credit
      Bank from May 2013 to May 2014; Party            Insurance Corporation, during which
                                                                                                    March 2003 to April 2018, Mr. Xiao
      committee member, vice president, secretary      time, from January 2014 to July 2015,        served as head of the Organization
      of Party committee, vice president (presiding)   he temporarily worked as a standing          Division of the Organization
      and president of the Bank’s Chongqing            member of the Party committee and            Department (Human Resources and
      Branch from May 2005 to May 2013. He             Deputy Mayor of Hohhot City in Inner         Education Department) of the Party
      served successively as deputy head of the        Mongolia Autonomous Region. Earlier,
      preparatory team for establishment of the        from March 2011 to March 2012, he was        Committee of CITIC Group; deputy
      Bank’s Changsha Branch, Party committee          Party Committee member and assistant         chief and chief of the Organization
      member and vice president of Changsha            general manager of China Export Credit       Division and assistant director of the
      Branch from June 2000 to May 2005; and           Insurance Corporation. Between October       Party Affairs Department of CITIC
      chairman of Changsha Xiangcai Urban              2001 and March 2011, he was staff
      Credit Cooperative in Hunan Province from        member, assistant general manager, deputy
                                                                                                    Group; deputy secretary (temporary
      October 1997 to June 2000. From August           general manager and general manager of       post) of the Committee for Disciplinary
      1993 to October 1997, he worked for              the human resources department (assistant    Inspection of China CITIC Bank; and
      Hunan Zhongli Industrial Group Co., Ltd.         director, deputy director and director of    deputy secretary of the Committee for
      and served successively as assistant general     the organization department under the        Disciplinary Inspection and general
      manager and general manager of Beihaixiang       Party committee) of China Export Credit
      Properties Development Company and               Insurance Corporation, secretary of Party    manager of Department for Disciplinary
      vice chairman of the company’s affiliated        committee of the company’s Shenzhen          Inspection and Supervision of China
      Hongdu Enterprise Company. From March            branch, and person in charge, secretary of   CITIC Bank. From July 1994 to March
      to August 1993, Mr. Hu was deputy                Party committee and general manager of       2003, he was a teacher at the Moral
      section chief at the personnel department of     the company’s Hebei provincial branch.
                                                                                                    Education Office of PLA Medical
      Hunan Provincial Party Committee Office;         Before that, from July 1991 to October
      and from June 1989 to March 1993, he             2001, he was a staff member, chief staff     College and an officer at the Political
      worked for the Political Department of           member and deputy director of the            Department of Beijing Military Medical
      Hunan Provincial Procuratorate. Mr. Hu           People’s Insurance Company of China.         College. Mr. Xiao graduated from PLA
      is a senior economist and a graduate of          Mr. Xie is an economist and graduated        Nanjing Institute of Political Sciences
      Hunan University with a doctoral degree          from Renmin University of China with a
      in economics. He has over 10 years of            doctorate degree in economics.               with a bachelor’s degree in laws.
      experience in the Chinese banking industry.

140   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
   Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




Mr. Lu Wei                                         Mr. Lu Jingen                                 Mr. Lü Tiangui
Chinese Nationality                                Chinese Nationality                           Chinese Nationality
Business Director of the Bank. Mr. Lu has been     Business Director of the Bank. Mr. Lu         Business Director of the Bank. Mr. Lü
Business Director of the Bank since July 2019;     has been Business Director of the Bank        has been Business Director of the Bank
secretary of Party committee of the Bank’s         since 20 August 2018; and secretary of
Shenzhen Branch since January 2019; a board                                                      since 20 August 2018; secretary of Party
                                                   Party committee and president of Nanjing      committee of the Bank’s Credit Card
director of JSC Altyn Bank since June 2018; a
                                                   Branch of the Bank since September
board director of CITIC aiBank since August                                                      Center since May 2014; concurrently
2017; and deputy head of the preparatory team      2016. Prior to that, Mr. Lu served
                                                   as secretary of Party committee and           general manager of the Bank’s Retail
for the establishment of the Bank’s Hong Kong
Branch since September 2016. He was Board          president of the Bank’s Changsha Branch       Banking Department and Private
Secretary, Company Secretary and authorized        from November 2012 to September               Banking Department since September
representative of the Bank from January 2017       2016; secretary of Party committee,           2017; and a core member of the China
to July 2019. Previously, Mr. Lu was general       vice president (presiding) and president      Ageing Finance Forum (CAFF50) since
manager of the Asset and Liability Department      of the Bank’s Kunming Branch from             October 2019. Previously, Mr. Lü
of the Bank between October 2016 and
                                                   March 2007 to November 2012; and              served as president of the Bank’s Credit
January 2019; general manager of the Budget
and Finance Department (now Finance and
                                                   assistant general manager (presiding) of      Card Center from May 2014 to January
Accounting Department) of the Bank from            the corporate banking department of the       2019. Between January 2003 and May
September 2013 to October 2016; and deputy         Bank from May 2006 to March 2007. He
                                                                                                 2014, he was deputy general manager
general manager (presiding) of the Budget and      worked at the Business Department of the
Finance Department from March to September         Bank’s Head Office from January 1999 to       of the finance and law department,
2013. Between January 1997 and March 2013,         May 2006, successively serving as deputy      general manager of the operation
he worked at the Business Department at the        head of the corporate loan division, head     department and general manager of
Head Office of the Bank, holding various           of the asset preservation division, general   the customer service department of the
positions including deputy section chief
                                                   manager of the Asian Games Village sub-       Credit Card Center of the Bank, as well
and deputy division chief at the Corporate
Banking Department (during which period,
                                                   branch, general manager of the Olympic        as assistant president, Party committee
from March 2001 to January 2002, he was            Village sub-branch, general manager of        member and vice president of the
seconded by the Bank to HSBC Jersey Branch),       the CITIC International Building sub-         Credit Card Center. Earlier, from
head, deputy general manager (presiding) and       branch, and assistant general manager and     August 1993 to January 2003, he was
general manager of the Bank’s Xidan sub-           Party committee member of the Business
                                                                                                 deputy chief of the risk management
branch, general manager of the Bank’s Capital      Department at the Head Office. Earlier,
Mansion sub-branch, general manager of the         he worked at the Credit Department of         division at Jilin Branch of Bank of
Bank’s Interbank Business Department, and          the Bank from August 1994 to January          China Corporation Limited. Mr. Lü
Party committee member, assistant general                                                        has 26 years’ practicing experience in
                                                   1999. Mr. Lu is a senior economist with
manager and deputy general manager of the
                                                   over 20 years’ experience in the Chinese      the Chinese banking industry. He holds
Business Department at the Bank’s Head
Office. Between July 1994 and January 1997,        banking industry. He graduated from           qualifications such as senior accountant,
Mr. Lu worked for Beijing Youth Industrial         Harbin Engineering University with            Certificated Internal Auditor (CIA)
Group Corporation. Mr. Lu is a certified public    a bachelor’s degree in mechatronics,          and PRC certified public accountant
accountant of PRC, Hong Kong SAR and               received his master’s degree in economics     (CPA). Mr. Lü graduated from Sichuan
Australia, with over 20 years’ experience in the   from Renmin University of China and           University with a master’s degree in
Chinese banking industry. He graduated from        obtained his EMBA degree from Peking
Deakin University in Australia with a master’s                                                   business administration.
                                                   University.
degree in accounting.


                                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report    141
      Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




      Ms. Zhang Qing                               Mr. Liu Honghua
      Chinese Nationality                          Chinese Nationality

      Secretary to the Board of Directors          Business Director of the Bank. Mr. Liu
      and Company Secretary of the Bank.           has served as Business Director of the
      Ms. Zhang has been Secretary to the          Bank since August 2019, secretary of Party
      Board of Directors and Company               committee of the Business Department
      Secretary of the Bank since July 2019,       of the Head Office of the Bank since
      the head of the Organizing Department        July 2017, and General Manager of the
      of the Party committee and general           Business Department of the Bank’s Head
      manager of the Human Resources               Office since July 2018. Previously, Mr.
      Management Department of the Bank            Liu worked in the Head Office of the
      since November 2014. Concurrently,           Bank as General Manager of the Asset
      Ms. Zhang is also a director of CITIC        Custody Department and the Corporate
      Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. and CNCB         Banking Department successively from
      (Hong Kong) Investment Limited. Prior        January 2016 to July 2017; secretary
      to that, Ms. Zhang served as general         of Party committee and President of
      manager of the Credit Management             Taiyuan Branch of the Bank from May
      Department of the Bank from August           2013 to January 2016. From April
      2013 to November 2014. From                  2002 to May 2013, he worked for the
      October 2001 to August 2013, she             Business Department of the Head Office
      successively held various positions at the   of the Bank, and held various positions
      Bank’s Xi’an branch, including assistant     including President of the Bank’s Fuhua
      general manager, deputy general manager      Sub-branch, General Manager of the
      (presiding), and general manager of          Corporate Banking Department, Assistant
      the Credit Management and Approval           General Manager, Party committee
      Department, assistant president, Party       member and Deputy General Manager of
      Committee member and vice president          the Business Department. From December
      of the branch. From April 1993 to            1986 to April 2002 when he worked for
      October 2001, Ms. Zhang worked at            China Leasing Co., Ltd., he successively
      the Shaanxi branch of Industrial and         served as Assistant Manager, Deputy
      Commercial Bank of China, successively       Manager and Manager of the Business
      working on the accounting, planning,         Department II, Assistant Manager of
      credit management in the sub-branch          the company and Manager, Deputy
      and project review in the branch.            General Manager of the Administrative
      Ms. Zhang is a senior economist and          Management Division. From August 1986
      graduated from Xi’an University of           to December 1986, he worked at China
      Technology (formerly “Shaanxi Institute      International Trust Investment Company.
      of Mechanical Engineering”) with a           Mr. Liu graduated from Peking University
      master’s degree in Engineering. She has      with a degree of Executive Master of
      27 years of professional experience in       Business Administration. He is a senior
      the Chinese banking industry.                economist, and has nearly 18 years of
                                                   professional experience in the Chinese
                                                   banking industry.
142   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
   Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




   8.3 Appointment and Dismissal of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
        Management Members

8.3.1 Directors
At the 2018 Annual General Meeting convened on 24 May 2019, the Bank elected Vice President Mr. Guo Danghuai as
an executive director of the 5th Session of the Board of Directors. Upon approval by the CBIRC, as of 16 September 2019,
Mr. Guo Danghuai officially serves as executive director of the Board of Directors of the Bank.

In February 2019, due to age reason, Mr. Sun Deshun no longer held his positions at the Bank, including executive
director and president of the Bank, chairman and member of the Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors
and member of the Strategic Development Committee of the Board of Directors, with effect from 26 February 2019.

8.3.2 Supervisors
In May 2019, employee representative supervisor Mr. Cheng Pusheng resigned his positions as employee representative
supervisor, and member of the Supervision Committee of the Board of Supervisors of the Bank due to work
rearrangements, with effect from 24 May 2019.

On 16 August 2019, the Employee Representative Assembly of the Bank elected Mr. Li Gang as employee representative
supervisor of the 5th Session of the Board of Supervisors of the Bank. On 17 October 2019, the 15th meeting of the 5th
Session of the Board of Supervisors of the Bank considered and approved relevant proposal regarding by-election of Mr. Li
Gang as member of the Supervision Committee of the 5th Session of the Board of Supervisors of the Bank.

In January 2020, Ms. Wang Xiuhong resigned as external supervisor, and chairperson of the Nomination Committee of the
Board of Supervisors of the Bank after completing her six years’ term as external supervisor of the Bank. In order to ensure
the Board of Supervisors of the Bank meets the requirement that the proportion of external supervisors is no less than one
third of the number of supervisors, Ms. Wang’s resignation will take effect after the new external supervisor elected by the
general meeting of the Bank takes office. During this period, Ms. Wang Xiuhong will continue to perform her duties in
accordance with relevant laws, regulations and the Articles of Association of the Bank.

8.3.3 Senior Management Members
On 26 February 2019, the Board of Director meeting reviewed and adopted related proposals giving the consent that Mr.
Fang Heying would serve as President of the Bank as of the date when the CBIRC approved his qualification for office,
prior to which Mr. Fang Heying would perform the duties of the President of the Bank. Upon approval by the CBIRC,
Mr. Fang Heying officially serves as President of the Bank as of 29 March 2019.

In February 2019, Mr. Xie Zhibin joined the Bank as Party committee member. The Board of Directors meeting on 26
March 2019 reviewed and adopted related proposals on engaging Mr. Xie Zhibin to be Vice President of the Bank as of the
date when the CBIRC approves his qualification for office. Upon approval by the CBIRC, Mr. Xie Zhibin officially serves
as Vice President of the Bank as of 18 June 2019.

On 26 March 2019, the Board of Director meeting reviewed and adopted related proposals giving the consent that Ms.
Zhang Qing would serve as Secretary to the Board of Directors, Company Secretary and other relevant position of the
Bank as of the date when she obtained the Qualification Certificate for Secretary to the Board of Directors of SSE and the
CBIRC approved her qualification for office. Ms. Zhang Qing obtained the Qualification Certificate for Secretary to the
Board of Directors after attending a training session of SSE in April 2019. Upon approval by the CBIRC, Ms. Zhang Qing
officially serves as Secretary to the Board of Directors of the Bank as of 1 July 2019. The appointment of Ms. Zhang Qing
as Company Secretary and other relevant position of the Bank also took effect on 1 July 2019.

On 25 April 2019, the Board of Director meeting reviewed and adopted related proposals giving the consent that Mr.
Lu Wei would serve as Business Director of the Bank and cease to serve as Secretary to the Board of Directors, Company
Secretary and other relevant position of the Bank as of the date when Ms. Zhang Qing took the post of Secretary to the
Board of Directors of the Bank. Ms. Zhang Qing officially served as Secretary to the Board of Directors of the Bank as of
1 July 2019 and Mr. Lu Wei ceased to serve as Secretary to the Board of Directors, Company Secretary and other relevant
position of the Bank and officially began to serve as Business Director of the Bank.

                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report     143
      Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




      On 26 March 2019, the Board of Director meeting reviewed and adopted related proposals giving the consent that Mr.
      Liu Honghua would serve as Business Director of the Bank as of the date when the CBIRC approved his qualification for
      office. Upon approval by CBIRC, Mr. Liu Honghua officially serves as Business Director of the Bank as of 5 August 2019.

      On 28 November 2019, the Board of Directors meeting appointed Mr. Hu Gang, Vice President of the Bank, to
      concurrently serve as Chief Risk Officer of the Bank, and Mr. Yao Ming ceased to serve as Chief Risk Officer of the
      Bank due to his work needs. The appointment of Mr. Hu Gang as Vice President of the Bank has been approved by the
      regulatory authority. In accordance with the regulatory requirements, he concurrently held the post of Chief Risk Officer as
      of the date of approval by the Board of Directors.

      In October 2019, Mr. Mo Yue ceased to serve as Secretary of the Committee for Disciplinary Inspection of the Bank due
      to retirement. Until the new Secretary of the Committee for Disciplinary Inspection of the Bank began to perform the
      duties, Mr. Mo Yue continued to perform the duties of Secretary of the Committee for Disciplinary Inspection.

      In December 2019, Mr. Xiao Huan was appointed as Secretary of the Committee for Disciplinary Inspection of the Bank
      and he began to perform the duties in January 2020.



         8.4 Remunerations of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
              Members

      The scheme of remunerations for the Bank’s directors and senior management members shall be drafted by the Nomination
      and Remuneration Committee under the Board of Directors and reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors.
      Thereafter the scheme of remunerations for the Bank’s directors shall be submitted to the general meeting for approval.
      The scheme of remunerations for the Bank’s supervisors shall be drafted by the Nomination Committee under the Board
      of Supervisors, and after its approval by the Board of Supervisors shall be submitted to the general meeting for approval.
      The Bank offers directors, supervisors and senior management members who are at the same time employees of the Bank
      remunerations corresponding to their positions and remunerations include salary, bonus, subsidy, employee welfare and
      insurance contributions, housing provident fund and annuity. An allowance system is implemented for independent non-
      executive directors and external supervisors. The Bank does not pay any salary or allowance to any other directors or
      supervisors. Pursuant to relevant PRC laws and regulations, the Bank has joined various mandatory contributory retirement
      schemes set out in PRC laws and regulations for all employees (including the executive directors, supervisors, and senior
      management members that are also employees of the Bank). Actual pre-tax remunerations paid to the directors, supervisors
      and senior management members (both incumbent and non-incumbent) who received remunerations from the Bank was
      in the amount of RMB33.7361 million for the reporting period. As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank had not
      provided any share incentives to directors, supervisors or senior management members.



         8.5 Interests and Short Positions in the Shares, Underlying Shares and
              Debentures of the Bank Held by Its Directors, Supervisors and
              Senior Management Members

      As at the end of the reporting period, none of the Bank’s directors, supervisors or senior management members, whether
      incumbent or non-incumbent during the reporting period, held any shares, share options or restrictive shares of the Bank.



         8.6 Interests of Directors and Supervisors in Material Contracts

      During the reporting period, neither the Bank or its holding companies, nor any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries
      entered into any material contract in relation to the business of the Bank in which any director or supervisor had material
      interests, whether directly or indirectly.




144   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
   Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




   8.7 Service Contracts of Directors and Supervisors

None of the directors or supervisors of the Bank concluded with the Bank or any of the Bank’s subsidiaries any service
contract that may not be terminated within one year as of the entry into effect of the contract or that may only be
terminated with the payment of other compensations in addition to the mandatory compensations.



   8.8 R elationships among Directors, Supervisors and Senior
       Management Members

There was no material financial, business, family or other relationship among directors, supervisors or senior management
members of the Bank.



   8.9 Interests of Directors in Businesses Competing with the Bank

None of the directors of the Bank had any interest in businesses that directly or indirectly competed or may compete with
the Bank.



   8.10 L iability Insurance for Directors, Supervisors and Senior
        Management Members

In 2019, the Bank bought liability insurance for all of its directors, supervisors and senior management members. In 2019,
the Bank did not benefit any of its directors with any permitted indemnity provisions that had been or were in force.



   8.11 Information on Staff and Affiliates

8.11.1 Number and Mix of Employees, Number of Retirees and Affiliates
As at the end of the reporting period, the Bank (including its
consolidated subsidiaries) had 57,045 employees, including                        Staff education structure
55,278 under labor contracts with the Bank and 1,767
dispatched to the Bank or hired with letters of engagement by
the Bank. Of all the employees, 12,126 served as managerial                     7.56%
function, 41,091 as professional function and 3,828 as                                                                      21.97%
supporting function. 12,535 employees, 21.97% of the total,
held post-graduate degrees or above; 40,197 employees, 70.47%
of the total, held bachelor’s degrees; and 4,313 employees, 7.56%
of the total, held junior diplomas and qualifications below
junior diploma level. In addition, the Bank had 1,625 retirees.
                                                                                                     100%



                                                                                                                            70.47%

                                                                                Bachelor’s degrees      Junior diplomas and qualifications
                                                                                Post-graduate degrees   below junior diploma level
                                                                                or above


                                                                                                               2019 Annual Report            145
      Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




      The Bank’s Affiliates List (subsidiaries not included)
                                                                                                                                                               Number of    Number of      Total Assets
       Region                Name of Affiliate     Address/Postal Code                                                                                            outlets     staffers   (RMB million)
       Headquarters          Head Office           Address: No. 9 Chaoyangmen Beidajie, Dongcheng District, Beijing                                                    1         1,932       2,239,214
                                                   Postal Code: 100010
                             Credit Card Center    Address: CITIC Bank Building, 121 Fuhua 1st Road, Futian Street, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong              1         5,864         507,371
                                                             Province
                                                   Postal Code: 518048
       Bohai Rim             Beijing Branch        Address: Tower A, Investment Plaza, No. 27, Financial Street, Xicheng District, Beijing                           75         2,971         967,635
                                                   Postal Code: 100033
                             Tianjin Branch        Address: 3-8/F &11/F Tianjin Global Financial Center, No. 2, Dagu North Road, Heping District, Tianjin            36          998          100,824
                                                   Postal Code: 300020
                             Shijiazhuang Branch   Address: CITIC Tower, No. 10, Ziqiang Road, Qiaoxi District, Shijiazhuang, Hebei Province                         61         1,758          78,183
                                                   Postal Code: 050000
                             Jinan Branch          Address: CITIC Plaza, No. 150, Luoyuan Street, Jinan, Shandong Province                                           46         1,544         102,352
                                                   Postal Code: 250002
                             Qingdao Branch        Address: No. 22, Hong Kong Middle Road, Qingdao, Shandong Province                                                53         1,668          99,180
                                                   Postal Code: 266071
                             Dalian Branch         Address: No. 29, Renmin Road, Zhongshan District, Dalian, Liaoning Province                                       24          839           49,448
                                                   Postal Code: 116011
       Yangtze River Delta   Shanghai Branch       Address: CITIC Bank Building, 138 Expo Road, Pudong New Area, Shanghai                                            51         1,672         326,541
                                                   Postal Code: 200126
                             Nanjing Branch        Address: CITIC Tower, No. 348, Zhongshan Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province                                          83         3,152         370,634
                                                   Postal Code: 210008
                             Suzhou Branch         Address: West Building, Business Center, Financial Harbor, No. 266 East Suzhou Avenue, Suzhou Industrial          28         1,063         137,317
                                                             Park, Suzhou, Jiangsu Province
                                                   Postal Code: 215028
                             Hangzhou Branch       Address: No. 9 Jiefang East Road, Jianggan District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province                                  89         3,378         468,185
                                                   Postal Code: 310016
                             Ningbo Branch         Address: CITIC Tower, No. 36, Zhenming Road, Haishu District, Ningbo, Zhejiang Province                           27          848          100,285
                                                   Postal Code: 315010
       Pearl River Delta and Fuzhou Branch         Address: Hengli Financial Center, No. 6, Guanfengting Street, Gulou District, Fuzhou, Fujian Province             53         1,491          73,238
         West Strait                               Postal Code: 350000
                             Xiamen Branch         Address: 334-101, 201, 301, 401, Hubin South Road, Siming District, Xiamen, Fujian Province                       16          481           18,111
                                                   Postal Code: 361000
                             Guangzhou Branch      Address: CITIC Plaza, No. 233, Tianhe North Road, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province                                  101         3,278         374,369
                                                   Postal Code: 510613
                             Shenzhen Branch       Address: 5-10/F, North Tower, Phase II Time Square, No. 8 Third Central Road, Futian District, Shenzhen,          48         1,488         337,649
                                                             Guangdong Province
                                                   Postal Code: 518048
                             Haikou Branch         Address: Banshan Garden, No.1 Jinmao Middle Road, Longhua District, Haikou, Hainan Province                       12          336           12,034
                                                   Postal Code: 570125




146   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
    Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




                                                                                                                                                                  Number of    Number of      Total Assets
 Region                 Name of Affiliate                Address/Postal Code                                                                                         outlets     staffers   (RMB million)
 Central Region         Hefei Branch                     Address: No. 396, Huizhou Avenue, Baohe District, Hefei, Anhui Province                                        40         1,086         106,307
                                                         Postal Code: 230001
                        Zhengzhou Branch                 Address: CITIC Bank Building, No.1 Business Inner Ring Road, Zhengdong New District, Zhengzhou, Henan          82         2,289         200,963
                                                                   Province
                                                         Postal Code: 450018
                        Wuhan Branch                     Address: CITIC Tower, No. 747 Jianshe Avenue, Hankou, Wuhan, Hubei Province                                    45         1,427         151,024
                                                         Postal Code: 430000
                        Changsha Branch                  Address: No.1500 Third Section of Xiangjiang North Road, Kaifu District, Changsha, Hunan Province              41         1,192          84,939
                                                         Postal Code: 410011
                        Nanchang Branch                  Address: Tower A, No. 16, Hengmao International Mansion, No. 333, Guangchang South Road, Nanchang,             20          662           71,162
                                                                   Jiangxi Province
                                                         Postal Code: 330003
                        Taiyuan Branch                   Address: No. 9 Fuxi Street, Xinghualing District, Taiyuan, Shanxi Province                                     30          905           45,822
                                                         Postal Code: 030002
  Western Region        Chongqing Branch                 Address: No. 5 Jiangbeizui West Avenue, Jiangbei District, Chongqing                                           29         1,035         128,757
                                                         Postal Code: 400021
                        Nanning Branch                   Address: No. 36-1, Shuangyong Road, Qingxiu District, Nanning, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region                18          543           43,818
                                                         Postal Code: 530021
                        Guiyang Branch                   Address: North Second Tower, BL Zone, Guizhou Financial City, Changling North Road, Guanshanhu                 14          415           37,522
                                                                   District, Guiyang, Guizhou Province
                                                         Postal Code: 550081
                        Hohhot Branch                    Address: CITIC Tower, Ruyihe Avenue, Ruyi Development Area, Hohhot, Inner Mongolia Autonomous                  34          880           50,207
                                                                   Region
                                                         Postal Code: 010010
                        Yinchuan Branch                  Address: No. 160 Beijing Middle Road, Jinfeng District, Yinchuan, Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region                 8          246           18,482
                                                         Postal Code: 750002
                        Xining Branch                    Address: No. 1 Jiaotong Lane, Chengxi District, Xining, Qinghai Province                                        9          219            9,365
                                                         Postal Code: 810008
                        Xi’an Branch                     Address: No. 1, Middle Section of Zhuque Road, Xi’an, Shaanxi Province                                         38         1,070          73,848
                                                         Postal Code: 710061
                        Chengdu Branch                   Address: La Defense Tower, No. 1480 North Section of Tianfu Avenue, High-Tech Zone, Chengdu, Sichuan           45         1,254         134,908
                                                                   Province
                                                         Postal Code: 610042
                        Urumqi Branch                    Address: CITIC Bank Tower, No. 165, Xinhua North Road, Urumqi, Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region                11          357           24,713
                                                         Postal Code: 830002
                        Kunming Branch                   Address: Fulin Square, Baoshan Street, Wuhua District, Kunming, Yunnan Province                                32          808           45,519
                                                         Postal Code: 650021
                        Lanzhou Branch                   Address: No. 638 Donggang West Road, Chengguan District, Lanzhou, Gansu Province                               14          331           17,884
                                                         Postal Code: 730000
                        Lhasa Branch                     Address: No. 22 Jiangsu Road, Lhasa, Tibet Autonomous Region                                                    2          123            5,274
                                                         Postal Code: 850000
  Northeastern region   Harbin Branch                    Address: No. 236, Hongqi Avenue, Nangang District, Harbin, Heilongjiang Province                               18          511           29,628
                                                         Postal Code: 150000
                        Changchun Branch                 Address: No. 1177, Changchun Avenue, Changchun, Jilin Province                                                 18          477           32,187
                                                         Postal Code: 130000
                        Shenyang Branch                  Address: No. 336, Daxi Road, Shenhe District, Shenyang, Liaoning Province                                      50         1,415          47,197
                                                         Postal Code: 110014
  Overseas              London Branch                    5th Floor, 99 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7NG, UK                                                               1           25            2,919
                        Sydney Representative Office     Level 27, Gateway, 1 Macquarie Place, Sydney, NSW 2000, Australia                                                1            6                –

Notes:       (1)    In addition to the data listed in the above table, the Bank’s staff also included 1,662 employees at its Data Center and Software Development Center; as
                    well as four employees seconded to JSC Altyn Bank.
             (2)    The Credit Card Center mentioned in the above table had 74 sub-centers which consisted of 43 tier-one sub-centers and 31 tier-two sub-centers.
             (3)    The “total assets” in the above chart did not deduct the offset balance between affiliates.




                                                                                                                                                                               2019 Annual Report            147
      Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




      8.11.2 Human Resources Management
      During the reporting period, the Bank, under the guidance of its bank-wide development plan, implemented the “talents
      for growth” strategy, and continuously deepened the human resources reform. It kept improving its human resources
      management model. Focusing on its development strategy, the Bank further improved its organizational framework and
      human resources structure, strengthened staffing in operating units and key fields, and stepped up the building of its own
      financial technology team to bolster the business transformation and professional competence. What’s more, the Bank
      further improved management of managers and talent training and introduction, selected highly competent personnel
      to enhance its leadership, deepened communication among managers, and strengthened routine supervision. Besides,
      it vigorously selected and promoted excellent young officials to build a stronger personnel echelon, and advanced the
      “Double Hundred and Double Thousand” project to boost diversified development of employees. Meanwhile, the Bank
      further enhanced its remuneration and performance management, established a remuneration concept featuring position
      value, performance contribution and business competence as the core, and improved the mechanism of remuneration
      distribution that is compatible with competitiveness raising, risk control and steady development in accordance with the
      principle of combining effective incentives with strict constraints. Besides, the Bank continued to implement the policy of
      delayed payment of bonus, introduced the Objectives and Key Results (OKR) evaluation in the Head Office and inspired
      employee’s initiative and innovation at the strategy level.

      8.11.3 Human Resources Training and Development
      During the reporting period, the Bank carried out training on strategic planning, and held 5,274 sessions of training
      throughout the year, recording 696,900 person-times participation (exclusive of online training). Among them, based on
      the annual primary work focus and business, the Bank carried out business, product and policy training for professional
      personnel, as well as the training of internal trainers, and made the position qualification examination a regular event
      across the Bank. For managerial officials, the Bank completed the “before and on-the-job” training of senior management
      members at director and deputy director levels, heads of sub-branches, heads of tier-two branches, division-level officials,
      etc. It also built and cultivated “four teams” through the “Double Hundred and Double Thousand” project. At the same
      time, the Bank explored new model of digital learning and created a series of featured on-line training activities.




148   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                     Chapter 8 Directors, Super visors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            CNCB              CIF Investment Fund
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      CIF Investment


                                                                                                                                                                   Tier-two Branches                          Sub-Branches
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           CNCBI          CIAM                                                       Fund Management

                                                                        Board of                                                                                                                                                                                      (Hong Kong) Capital     Management (Beijing)      (Shenzhen)

                                                                       Supervisors
                                                                         Office



                                                                                                                                                                                       Tier-one Branches                                                                                          CNCB Investment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              CITIC
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              CITIC aiBank    JSC Altyn Bank
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Lin’an CITIC
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   CIFH
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Rural Bank    Financial Leasing

                                                                                            Nomination




                                                Board of Supervisors
                                                                                            Committee


                                                                                                                                                                                                           Units Directly under
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Data Center




                                                                                                                                                                                                             the Head Office
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Software Development Center
                                                                                            Supervision                             Special Assets Restructuring
                                                                                            Committee
                                                                                                                                   Review & Approval Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Administration Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         (Security Department)
                                                                                                                                     Financial Consumer Rights
                                                                                                                                   Protection Working Committee                                                                                                     Centralized Procurement Center


                                                                                          Consumer Rights
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Culture and Labor Union Department

                                                                                                                                     Senior Professional Title
                                                                                            Protection
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Disciplinary Inspection Office
                                                                                                                                   Recommendation Committee

                                                                                            Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Operation Management Department

                                                                                                                                      Regional Coordinated                                                                                                                Information Technology
                                                                                                                                     Development Committee                                                                                                                Management Department




                              General Meeting
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               E-banking Department

                                                                                          Nomination and
                                                                                                                                           Responsibility                                                                                                          Asset Management Business Center
                                                                                                                                     Identification Committee
                                                                                           Remuneration                                                                                                                                                                  Asset Custody Department

                                                                                            Committee                                                                                                                                                                      Commercial Draft Center
                                                                                                                                       Marketing Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Interbank Business Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Financial Markets Department
                                                                                                                                    Credit Approval Committee

                                                                                            Risk Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Credit Card Center

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Personal Loan Department


                                                                                               Committee
                                                                                                                                      Non-performing Assets                                                                                                            Private Banking Department
                                                                                                                                       Disposal Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Retail Banking Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  (Consumer Rights Protection Office)
                                                                                                                                          Innovation
                                                                                                                                     Management Committee                                                                                                          Institutional Banking Department

                                                                                          Audit and Related                                                                                                                                                         Strategic Customer Department

                                                                                          Party Transactions                               Information                                                                                                              Investment Banking Department
                                                                                                                                      Technology Committee
                                                                                          Control Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   International Business Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Transaction Banking Department
                                                                                                                                   Asset and Liability Committee




                                                Board of Directors                                             Senior Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Inclusive Finance Department




8.11.4 Organizational Chart
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Banking Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Audit Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Compliance Department



                                                                                                                                                                                                               Head Office Tier-one
                                                                                                                                     Retail Business Committee                                                                                                     Law and Preservation Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Credit Business Management Department




                                                                                                                                                                                                            (Quasi-Tier-one) Departments
                                                                                                                                   Wholesale Business Committee
                                                                                            Strategic
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Credit Approval Department

                                                                                          Development                                                                                                                                                                Risk Management Department
                                                                                                                                            Performance
                                                                                           Committee
                                                                          Board of
                                                                                                                                       Evaluation Committee                                                                                                          Asset and Liability Department

                                                                                                                                         Risk and Internal                                                                                                        Finance and Accounting Department

                                                                       Directors Office
                                                                                                                                        Control Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Human Resources Department

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            General Office




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report                                                 149
      Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report

                                            9.1 Corporate Governance Structure

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 General Meeting




                                                                                           Board of Directors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Board of Supervisors




                                                                                                                                          Audit and Related
                                               Strategic                                                                                                                                                                                                    Nomination and                                         Consumer Rights
                                                                                                                                          Party Transactions                         Risk Management                                                                                                                                                                                                     Supervision                                                                                                               Nomination
                                             Development                                                                                                                                                                                                     Remuneration                                            Protection
                                                                                                                                               Control                                  Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                        Committee                                                                                                                 Committee
                                              Committee                                                                                                                                                                                                       Committee                                              Committee
                                                                                                                                             Committee


                                                                                   Senior Management




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Financial Consumer Rights Protection Working Committee   Special Assets Restructuring Review & Approval Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Senior Professional Title Recommendation Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Non-performing Assets Disposal Committee                                                                                                  Regional Coordinated Development Committee
      Risk and Internal Control Committee       Performance Evaluation Committee                                                                                                       Information Technology Committee   Innovation Management Committee                                                                                                      Responsibility Identification Committee
                                                                                   Wholesale Business Committee   Retail Business Committee          Asset and Liability Committee                                                                                                                           Credit Approval Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Marketing Committee




                                            9.2 Overall Profile of Corporate Governance

      During the reporting period, aiming at high-quality development, the Bank continued to improve its corporate governance
      systems and mechanisms and kept improving the effectiveness of corporate governance. In particular, it effectively
      incorporated leadership of the Party into corporate governance, and coordinated the operation of the main corporate
      governance actors which are checked and balanced. With the role of general meeting as the Bank’s organ of power
      given full play, the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and their specialized committees effectively performed
      their functions. The channels for the directors and supervisors to perform their duties were further broadened and their
      capability of performing their duties further enhanced.




150   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                   Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




Firmly implementing national strategies, the Board of Directors supported the development of the real economy and
national key regions, and promoted financial cooperation under the Belt and Road Initiative. Besides, it developed
inclusive finance with high quality, accelerated the arrangement in financial technology, and advanced the Bank’s
comprehensives and internationalized operation. The Board improved strategy management, intensified assessment and
supervision, and made solid progress in the implementation of strategies and plans. The Board promoted the deepening
of business transformation, enhanced the value of light-style development, and enhanced the capital strength of the Bank,
which resulted in more coordinated business pattern. In addition, the Board vigorously forestalled and defused financial
risks, promoted the development of “Safe CITIC Bank”, and reinforced the concept of prudent business operation. It
strengthened unified credit management, advanced the reform of the credit approval system, and strengthened the long-
acting mechanism for internal control and compliance at home and abroad, thereby forming a coordinated basis for
preventing risks and promoting development. On top of all these, the Board also continued self-development, improved the
collective learning mechanism, and self-consciously accepted supervision by the Board of Supervisors and other stakeholders.

During the reporting period, the Bank organized the directors, supervisors and the board secretary to participate in training
by external organizations such as the SSE, CSRC Beijing Bureau and PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP, recording
16 person-times participation, and carried out surveys of 41 person-times at its affiliates and subsidiaries, further improving
its survey quality and effectiveness.

There was no significant difference between the set-up and operation of the Bank’s corporate governance bodies and the
relevant requirements of the PRC Company Law, the CSRC and the SEHK; neither were there major corporate governance
issues that the regulatory authorities required to resolve but remained outstanding.



   9.3 General Meeting

9.3.1 General Meeting and Shareholders’ Rights
Responsibilities of the general meeting
The general meeting is the Bank’s organ of power. It is responsible for making decisions on the Bank’s business guiding
principles and investment plans; deliberating and approving the Bank’s annual financial budget plans, final accounts plans,
profit distribution plans and loss remedy plans; deliberating and approving the use of financing proceeds for other than
set purposes; electing and replacing directors as well as shareholder representative supervisors and external supervisors,
and deciding on the remunerations of directors and supervisors; deliberating and approving work reports of the Board of
Directors and Board of Supervisors; producing resolutions on the Bank’s plan for increase or decrease of registered capital;
producing resolutions on the Bank’s plans for merger, division, dissolution, liquidation or change in the corporate form
of the Bank, issue of debt securities or other valuable papers for the purpose of capital replenishment of the Bank as well
as the listing thereof, and repurchase of the Bank’s ordinary shares; amending the Bank’s Articles of Association; engaging
and dismissing accounting firms and deciding on their remunerations or the ways to determine their remunerations;
deliberating proposals put forward by shareholders who individually or collectively hold 3% or more of the voting shares of
the Bank; deliberating matters involving major investments and purchase and disposal of major assets within one calendar
year that exceed 10% of the audited net asset value of the Bank for the latest reporting period; deliberating share incentive
plans; deciding on or authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on matters relating to the issued preference shares of
the Bank, including but not limited to determining whether to repurchase or convert preference shares or pay dividends;
deliberating related party transactions that shall be reviewed and approved by the general meeting pursuant to relevant
laws, administrative regulations, rules and the securities regulatory rules of the places where the Bank’s shares are listed;
and deliberating other matters that shall be decided by the general meeting in accordance with relevant laws, administrative
regulations, ministerial rules, requirements of the securities regulators at the places where the Bank’s shares are listed and
relevant provisions of the Articles of Association of the Bank.




                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report     151
      Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




      Annual general meeting
      The annual general meeting of the Bank provides an effective communication platform between the shareholders and the
      Board of Directors. For the convening of a general meeting, the Bank shall issue a written notice 45 days prior to the date
      of the meeting, informing all shareholders on record and entitled to attend the meeting of the matters to be deliberated
      as well as the date and venue of the meeting. Shareholders who intend to attend the meeting shall send their written reply
      slip to the Bank 20 days before the date of the meeting. Directors, supervisors and the board secretary of the Bank shall
      attend the general meeting, while President and other senior management members of the Bank shall be present at the
      general meeting as non-voting attendees. Directors, supervisors and senior management members of the Bank shall make
      explanations regarding inquiries and suggestions raised by shareholders at the meeting. Domestic and overseas auditors
      engaged by the Bank shall also attend the general meeting and answer questions in relation to external audit, audit reports
      and their contents, accounting policies and independence of auditors.

      Unless otherwise provided for or arranged, shareholders of the Bank may vote by poll at the general meeting according to
      domestic and overseas securities regulatory rules. Details of the voting procedure shall be explained to the shareholders at
      the beginning of the meeting to ensure shareholders’ familiarity with such procedures.

      Extraordinary general meeting
      In accordance with the Articles of Association of the Bank, extraordinary general meetings may be convened when
      proposed by at least 50% of the independent directors or all external supervisors, the Board of Directors and the Board of
      Supervisors, or upon written request of shareholders that individually or collectively hold 10% or more of the Bank’s voting
      shares (actual numbers of shares shall be calculated as per the shareholdings of the requesting shareholders on the date
      when such a written request is made). The Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and ordinary shareholders (including
      preference shareholders with restored voting rights) that individually or collectively hold 3% or more of the Bank’s shares
      are entitled to present to the Bank their proposals for the general meeting.

      Submitting proposals to the general meeting
      Ordinary shareholders (including preference shareholders with restored voting rights) that individually or collectively hold
      3% or more of the Bank’s shares may produce their ad hoc proposals and submit them in writing to the convener of the
      general meeting 10 days prior to the date of the meeting. Within two days after the receipt of such proposals, the convener
      shall issue supplementary notices for the general meeting to announce the contents of the ad hoc proposals and submit such
      proposals to the general meeting for deliberation.

      Convening of extraordinary meetings of the Board of Directors
      Extraordinary meetings of the Board of Directors may be convened when proposed by shareholders that represent 10%
      or more of the voting rights. The chairperson of the Board of Directors shall convene and preside over an extraordinary
      board meeting within 10 days as of the receipt of the proposal made by the shareholders that represent 10% or more of the
      voting rights.

      Making inquiries to the Board of Directors
      To make inquiries to the Board of Directors, shareholders may raise their concerns to the Board of Directors or the Bank
      via email to ir@citicbank.com or via other contacts as provided on the Bank’s website. The Bank has published all of its
      announcements, press releases and useful company information on its website to improve its information transparency.




152   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                   Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




9.3.2 Convening of General Meetings
During the reporting period, the Bank convened 1 annual general meeting, 1 extraordinary general meeting, 1 A
shareholders class meeting and 1 H shareholders class meeting, where 27 proposals were adopted after deliberation. On 30
January 2019, the Bank convened its 1st Extraordinary General Meeting of 2019, the 1st A Shareholders Class Meeting
of 2019 and the 1st H Shareholders Class Meeting of 2019. On 24 May 2019, the Bank held its 2018 Annual General
Meeting. These meetings were all convened in compliance with the procedures specified in the Articles of Association of
the Bank. Relevant resolutions of these meetings were disclosed by the Bank on the websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn),
HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com). For specific disclosure dates thereof, please refer to
Chapter 4 “Significant Events – Information Disclosure Index” of this report.



   9.4 Board of Directors

9.4.1 Composition and Responsibilities of the Board of Directors
The Board of Directors is the decision-making body of the Bank. As at the end of the reporting period, the 5th session of
the Board of Directors comprised 10 members. For details thereof, please refer to Chapter 8 “Directors, Supervisors, Senior
Management Members, Staff and Affiliates” of this report.

As per the Articles of Association of the Bank, the principal responsibilities of the Board of Directors include the following:
to convene the general meeting and make a work report to the meeting; to implement the resolutions adopted by the
general meeting; to determine the development strategies, business plans and investment proposals of the Bank; to prepare
the annual financial budget and final accounts of the Bank; to prepare the profit distribution plans and loss remedy plans
of the Bank; in accordance with the Articles of Association and within the scope of authorization of the general meeting,
to determine the plans for major investment, major assets acquisition and disposal and other major matters of the Bank; to
prepare proposals for the amendment of the Bank’s Articles of Association; to appoint or dismiss the President of the Bank
and the board secretary and to determine matters relating to their remuneration, awards and punishment; according to the
nomination of the President, to appoint or dismiss the Vice President, Business Directors and other senior management
members who shall be appointed by the Board according to regulatory requirements, and to determine matters relating to
their remuneration, awards and punishment; to review and establish the basic management rules and internal management
structure of the Bank, etc. The Board of Directors should listen to the opinions of the Bank’s Party Committee prior to
making decisions on major issues of the Bank.

The Board of Directors of the Bank has completed self-assessment of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its
internal control. Please refer to “Internal Control Assessment” in this chapter for details.




                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report     153
      Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




      9.4.2 Meetings of the Board of Directors
      During the reporting period, the Board of Directors convened 11 meetings (including 9 on-site meetings and 2 meetings
      for voting by correspondence). At the meetings, the Board of Directors deliberated and adopted 64 proposals, including
      the Bank’s 2018 Annual Report, 2020 Annual Audit Plan, 2018 Sustainability Report, Proposal regarding the Changes in
      Accounting Policies on the New Lease Standards, 2020 Institution Development Plan, Proposal regarding the Issuance of
      Undated Capital Bonds, Proposal to the General Meeting on the Extension of the Authorization Period to the Board of
      Directors for Handling Matters in Relation to the Non-public Offering of Preference Shares, Proposal on the Amendment
      to the Rules of Procedures of the Risk Management Committee under the Board of Directors, and Proposal on Increasing
      Share Capital of CITIC aiBank Corporation Limited. In addition, the Board of Directors listened to 44 presentations
      respectively the Bank’s comprehensive risk management report in 2018, internal control and compliance work report in
      2018, innovation work report in 2018, incident prevention and behavior management work report in 2019, cooperation
      with the top ten loan customers (group) for the full year of 2018 and in the first half of 2019, data government work
      report in 2019, stress testing work report in 2019, etc. Significant events were all submitted to the on-site board meetings
      for deliberation to assure compliance. Matters requiring voting by correspondence and eligible for the same as per the
      corporate governance rules were deliberated at the meetings for voting by correspondence. The attendance records of the
      directors at the board meetings in the reporting period are set out in the table below.

                                                                                                 In-person attendance/               Attendance by proxy/
       Incumbent Directors                                                                         number of meetings                 number of meetings
       Li Qingping                                                                                                      8/11                                3/11
       Cao Guoqiang                                                                                                     9/11                                2/11
       Fang Heying                                                                                                     11/11                                0/11
       Guo Danghuai                                                                                                      3/3                                 0/3
       Huang Fang                                                                                                      11/11                                0/11
       Wan Liming                                                                                                       8/11                                3/11
       He Cao                                                                                                          10/11                                1/11
       Chen Lihua                                                                                                      10/11                                1/11
       Qian Jun                                                                                                        11/11                                0/11
       Yan Lap Kei Isaac                                                                                               11/11                                0/11

      Note:   During the reporting period, before his departure as director, Mr. Sun Deshun attended 1 meeting by proxy among these 1 meeting taken place during his
              tenure.



      9.4.3 Responsibility Statement of the Directors on the Financial Report
      The following statement, which sets out the responsibility of the directors to the financial report, should be read in
      conjunction with, but distinguished in understanding from, the review opinions as set out in the auditor’s report contained
      in this annual report.

      The directors acknowledge that they are responsible for preparing the financial report of the Bank that gives a true view of
      the operating results of the Bank for each financial year. The directors are not aware of any events or conditions that could
      have material adverse impact on the Bank’s operation as a going concern.




154   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                  Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




9.4.4 Independence of Independent Non-Executive Directors and Their
       Performance of Duties
The independent non-executive directors of the Bank had no business or financial interests in the Bank or its subsidiaries,
nor did they assume any managerial positions in the Bank. Therefore, their independence was well guaranteed. The Bank
has received an annual confirmation letter from each independent non-executive director confirming his/her independence
and recognized his/her independence as such.

The independent non-executive directors of the Bank effectively performed their duties by attending the general meetings
as well as meetings of the Board of Directors and its specialized committees and actively expressing their opinions. They
also enhanced their understanding of the business development of the Bank’s affiliates by multiple means including field
surveys and symposiums.

The independent non-executive directors of the Bank highly valued and continuously enhanced their own capacity for
performance of duties. Among others, they communicated with the management for better understanding of relevant
presentations and proposals prior to each board meeting. They also participated in various training sessions organized by
the regulators to understand regulatory trends and requirements, deepen their learning and understanding of regulatory
policies, and improve their capacity for performance of duties.

The Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee and the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
under the Board of Directors were both chaired by independent non-executive directors. The Audit and Related Party
Transactions Control Committee comprised entirely of independent non-executive directors, while most of the members
of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Consumer Rights Protection Committee were independent
non-executive directors. According to the Regulations of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited on the Work of
the Independent Directors in relation to the Annual Report, the independent non-executive directors of the Bank
communicated with the auditors and fully performed their role of independent supervision. During the reporting period,
the independent non-executive directors did not raise any objections to the proposals of either the Board of Directors or its
specialized committees.

The independent non-executive directors of the Bank put forward relevant comments and suggestions regarding the
Bank’s strategic planning, operation and management, business development, profit distribution, remunerations of senior
management members, risk management, internal control and compliance, related party transactions and consumer rights
protection. The Bank attached great importance to such inputs and implemented them in the light of its actual situations.
For information regarding the attendance of the independent non-executive directors at the Board of Directors meetings
during the reporting period, please refer to “Convening of General Meetings” and “Meetings of the Board of Directors” in
this chapter, respectively. The information regarding the attendance of the independent non-executive directors at general
meetings is as follows:

                                                                                                    Attendance to general
                                                                                                     meetings/Number of
 Independent Non-executive Directors                                                                general meetings held
 He Cao                                                                                                                 4/4
 Chen Lihua                                                                                                             0/4
 Qian Jun                                                                                                               3/4
 Yan Lap Kei Isaac                                                                                                      4/4




                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report     155
      Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




      9.4.5 Compliance with the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors
             of Listed Issuers
      The Bank has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in Appendix
      10 to the Listing Rules of SEHK (the “Model Code”) and has complied with Rules 13.67 and 19A.07B of the Listing
      Rules to regulate the securities transactions of its directors and supervisors. All the directors and supervisors were consulted
      specifically for this matter, and all of them confirmed that they had strictly complied with the relevant provisions of the
      Model Code throughout the reporting period.

      9.4.6 T he Board of Directors’ Deliberation of the Sustainable Development
            Report
      The Board of Directors deliberated the 2019 Sustainable Development Report of China CITIC Bank as a separate proposal
      and had no objections to the content of the report.



          9.5 Specialized Committees under the Board of Directors

      There were 5 specialized committees under the Board of Directors, namely, the Strategic Development Committee,
      the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee, the Risk Management Committee, the Nomination and
      Remuneration Committee and the Consumer Rights Protection Committee.

      9.5.1 Strategic Development Committee
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Strategic Development Committee of the 5th session of the Board of Directors
      comprised 4 directors, with chairperson and executive director Ms. Li Qingping as committee chairperson, and non-
      executive director Mr. Cao Guoqiang, executive director Mr. Fang Heying and independent non-executive director Mr.
      Qian Jun as committee members. Its principal responsibilities include: to study the Bank’s operation and management
      targets, long-term development strategies, and special strategic development plans respectively regarding human resources,
      information technology development and other areas, and make recommendations thereon to the Board of Directors; to
      study programs on major cooperation, investment, financing, and merger and acquisition, and make recommendations
      thereon to the Board of Directors; and to supervise and examine the implementation of annual business plans and
      investment programs as authorized by the Board of Directors.

      During the reporting period, the Strategic Development Committee convened 4 meetings in total where it deliberated and
      adopted 14 proposals, including the Bank’s 2018 profit distribution plan, issuance of undated capital bonds, report on
      equity management of substantial shareholders in 2018, increasing share capital of CITIC aiBank Corporation Limited,
      and amendment to the Measures for Strategy Management of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited, and put forward
      suggestions on relevant subject matters. The attendance records of the Strategic Development Committee members at the
      committee meetings during the reporting period are set out in the table below.

                                                                                                  In-person attendance/              Attendance by proxy/
       Members                                                                                      number of meetings                number of meetings
       Li Qingping                                                                                                         3/4                                1/4
       Cao Guoqiang                                                                                                        4/4                                0/4
       Fang Heying                                                                                                         3/3                                0/3
       Qian Jun                                                                                                            4/4                                0/4

      Note:   On 26 March 2019, the meeting of Board of Directors reviewed and adopted proposal, appointing Mr. Fang Heying, the executive director, as member of the
              Strategic Development Committee of the Board.




156   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                   Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




9.5.2 Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee
As at the end of the reporting period, the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee of the 5th session
of the Board of Directors comprised 3 directors, with independent non-executive director Mr. Yan Lap Kei Isaac as
chairperson, and independent non-executive directors Mr. He Cao and Mr. Qian Jun as members. The principal
responsibilities of the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee include the following: to inspect the risk
profile and compliance status, accounting policies and practices, financial reporting procedures and financial position of
the Bank; to review the Bank’s regulations on financial monitoring, internal control and risk management; and to study
the regulations on related party transactions, make recommendations thereon to the Board of Directors, and supervise the
implementation of such regulations.

During the reporting period, the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee convened 10 meetings in total.
At the meetings, the committee reviewed and adopted 25 proposals, including the Bank’s periodic reports, engagement
of accounting firms for 2019 and their fees, amendments to the related party transactions management measures, and
credit extension to related parties, and listened to 9 presentations respectively regarding the Bank’s operating results for
the full year of 2018 and for the 1st quarter, first half and 3rd quarter of 2019, and internal control and compliance work
report in 2018, and raised suggestions on relevant subject matters. The attendance records of the Audit and Related Party
Transactions Control Committee members at the committee meetings during the reporting period are set out in the table
below.

                                                                          In-person attendance/       Attendance by proxy/
 Members                                                                    number of meetings         number of meetings
 Yan Lap Kei Isaac                                                                          9/10                        1/10
 He Cao                                                                                     9/10                        1/10
 Qian Jun                                                                                   9/10                        1/10

During the preparation and audit of the Bank’s 2019 Annual Report, the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control
Committee reviewed the audit time frame and progress schedule of the external auditors and checked on and supervised
external auditors’ work by means of listening to presentations and arranging symposiums. The committee reviewed the
Bank’s financial statements twice, the first time before the certified public accountants (CPAs) responsible for the annual
audit arrived at the premise, and the second time after the CPAs produced their preliminary audit opinion. In addition,
the committee carried out multiple rounds of adequate communication with the CPAs responsible for the annual audit.
The Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee convened a meeting on 23 March 2020, opining that the
financial statements of the Bank gave a true, accurate and complete view of the overall situation of the Bank. Based on
its review of the external auditor’s summary report on the annual audit plus its comprehensive objective assessment of the
performance and professionalism of the annual audit assignment, the committee gave the consent that the Bank continued
to engage PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP as its domestic auditor and PricewaterhouseCoopers as its overseas
auditor for 2020, and decided to submit these matters to the Board of Directors for deliberation.

9.5.3 Risk Management Committee
As at the end of the reporting period, the Risk Management Committee of the 5th session of the Board of Directors of
the Bank comprised 4 directors, with executive director and President Mr. Fang Heying as chairperson, and executive
director Mr. Guo Danghuai, independent non-executive directors Mr. Qian Jun and Mr. Yan Lap Kei Isaac as members.
The principal responsibilities of the committee include the following: to supervise the senior management’s control of
credit risk, liquidity risk, market risk, operational risk, compliance risk and reputational risk; to evaluate risk preference,
credit policy, policies on management of liquidity risk, market risk, operational risk, compliance risk and reputational risk,
lawfulness and compliance of business operation, risk management profile and risk tolerance of the Bank on a regular basis;
to advise the Board of Directors on how to improve risk management and internal control of the Bank; to comprehensively
manage the risk of money laundering across the Bank, guide the whole bank on how to fulfill its anti-money laundering
duties and obligations, review and identify the overall situation of money laundering risks, report the same to the Board of
Directors and put forward opinions on how to handle major anti-money laundering matters.




                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report     157
      Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




      During the reporting period, the Risk Management Committee convened 6 meetings where it deliberated and adopted
      11 proposals, including the Bank’s 2018 Report on Management of Capital Adequacy Ratios, 2018 Report on Internal
      Assessment of Capital Adequacy, 2019 Risk Preference Statement, and amendment to the comprehensive risk management
      policy; and the committee listened to 24 presentations including the Bank’s comprehensive risk management for the full
      year of 2018 and that for the 1st quarter, first half and 3rd quarter of 2019, report on the Group’s execution of financial
      statements consolidation management in 2018, internal control and compliance and anti-money laundering work in the
      first half of 2019, credit policy re-examination in the first half of 2019, stress testing work report in 2019, large risk
      exposures management, and data government work in 2019, and put forward suggestions on relevant subject matters. The
      attendance records of the Risk Management Committee members at the committee meetings during the reporting period
      are set out in the table below.

                                                                                                     In-person attendance/                Attendance by proxy/
        Members                                                                                        number of meetings                  number of meetings
        Fang Heying                                                                                                            6/6                                 0/6
        Guo Danghuai                                                                                                           1/1                                 0/1
        Qian Jun                                                                                                               5/6                                 1/6
        Yan Lap Kei Isaac                                                                                                      6/6                                 0/6

      Notes:
      (1)      On 26 March 2019, the meeting of Board of Directors reviewed and adopted related proposals, electing Mr. Fang Heying, the executive director as chairperson
               of the Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors.
      (2)      On 17 October 2019, the meeting of Board of Directors reviewed and adopted related proposals, electing Mr. Guo Danghuai as member of the Risk
               Management Committee of the 5th session of the Board of Directors.
      (3)      During the reporting period, before his departure as director, Mr. Sun Deshun attended 1 meeting by proxy among these 1 meeting taken place during his
               tenure.



      9.5.4 Nomination and Remuneration Committee
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the 5th session of the Board
      of Directors of the Bank comprised 3 directors, with independent non-executive director Mr. Qian Jun as chairperson,
      and non-executive director Ms. Huang Fang and independent non-executive director Mr. Yan Lap Kei Isaac as members.
      Principal responsibilities of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee are the following: to assist the Board of
      Directors in formulating the procedures and standards for selecting and appointing board directors and senior management
      members; to advise the Board of Directors on candidates for independent non-executive directors; to deliberate the
      remuneration management rules and policies of the Bank; to formulate the performance evaluation methods and
      remuneration schemes for directors and senior management members, and to make recommendations on the remuneration
      schemes to the Board of Directors and supervise the implementation of such schemes.

      The Bank believes that diversity of board members is conducive to enhancing its operational quality and is a key factor
      in its efforts to attain strategic goals, maintain competitive advantages and achieve sustainable development. In setting the
      composition of the board membership, the Bank considers the diversity of board members in a number of ways, including
      but not limited to talent, skill, knowledge, industry and expertise, cultural and educational backgrounds, gender, age and
      ethnicity. The appointment of all board members should be made after comprehensive consideration of the talents, skills,
      knowledge, experiences and cultural and educational backgrounds required for the overall operation of the Board.




158   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                 Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




When reviewing candidates for board directorship and making recommendations to the Board, the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee under the Board of Directors will consider candidates based on their respective objective
conditions, and consider the benefits of board member diversity in all aspects, taking into comprehensive account the
talents, skills, knowledge, experiences and cultural and educational backgrounds of board members. At any given time,
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee may recommend the Board to seek improvement to its diversity in one or
more aspects in order to maintain an appropriate and balanced composition of the Board in the light of the Bank’s business
development.

The current session of the Board of Directors of the Bank comprises members of different genders, ages, cultures,
educational backgrounds and professional experiences. For relevant information about the directors, please refer to Chapter
8 “Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates” of this report.

During the reporting period, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee convened 6 meetings where it deliberated and
adopted 16 proposals, including the appointment of Mr. Fang Heying as President of the Bank, the report on assessment of
the directors’ performance of duties in 2018, the amendments to the measures for assessment of the directors’ performance
of duties by the Board, the 2018 plan for the final accounts of employee remunerations and the 2018 plan for payment of
remunerations to senior management members, and put forward suggestions on relevant subject matters. The attendance
records of the Nomination and Remunerations Committee members at the committee meetings during the reporting period
are set out in the table below.

                                                                        In-person attendance/      Attendance by proxy/
 Members                                                                  number of meetings        number of meetings
 Qian Jun                                                                                  5/6                        1/6
 Huang Fang                                                                                6/6                        0/6
 Yan Lap Kei Isaac                                                                         6/6                        0/6

During the reporting period, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee studied and reviewed the remuneration
scheme for the Bank’s senior management and supervised its implementation. The committee was of the view that the
senior management of the Bank performed its fiduciary duties and due diligence, pursued progress amid stability, and
implemented the Bank’s plans as scheduled in 2019 within its scope of mandate as specified in relevant laws and regulations
and the Bank’s Articles of Association, and as guided and authorized by the Board of Directors and supervised by the
Board of Supervisors, which in turn further increased corporate value and shareholder value of the Bank. Upon review, the
committee held that the remunerations for directors, supervisors and senior management members as disclosed by the Bank
were consistent with relevant remuneration policies and schemes and in compliance with applicable information disclosure
standards required for listed issuers by domestic and overseas regulators. The committee confirmed that the Bank did not
have any share incentive scheme in effect as at the end of the reporting period.

During the reporting period, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee performed the nomination procedure for
directors and senior management members in line with its rules of procedures, including: reviewing the qualifications of the
nominated candidates for directors and senior management members in terms of their independence, expertise, experiences
and capabilities; reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board of Directors (including skills, knowledge and
experience) at least on an annual basis; and making recommendations on any proposed changes regarding the Board of
Directors to match the Bank’s development strategy.




                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report     159
      Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




      9.5.5 Consumer Rights Protection Committee
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Consumer Rights Protection Committee of the 5th session of the Board of
      Directors of the Bank comprised 3 directors, with non-executive director Ms. Huang Fang as chairperson, and independent
      non-executive directors Mr. He Cao and Ms. Chen Lihua as members. Principal responsibilities of the Consumer Rights
      Protection Committee include the following: to formulate the Bank’s strategies, policies and objectives on consumer
      rights protection work; to urge the senior management to effectively implement and practice relevant work of consumer
      rights protection; and to supervise and assess the Bank’s consumer rights protection work regarding its comprehensiveness,
      timeliness and effectiveness, and the senior management’s performance of duties.

      During the reporting period, the Consumer Rights Protection Committee convened 2 meetings where it deliberated and
      adopted the proposal regarding its 2019 annual work plan, and the committee listened to 2 presentations respectively
      regarding the Bank’s service quality and consumer rights protection work for the full year of 2018 and the first half of
      2019, and put forward suggestions on relevant subject matters. The attendance records of the Consumer Rights Protection
      Committee members at the committee meetings during the reporting period are set out in the table below.

                                                                             In-person attendance/      Attendance by proxy/
       Members                                                                 number of meetings        number of meetings
       Huang Fang                                                                               2/2                        0/2
       He Cao                                                                                   2/2                        0/2
       Chen Lihua                                                                               1/2                        1/2



         9.6 Board of Supervisors

      The Board of Supervisors is the supervisory body of the Bank accountable to the general meeting. As at the end of the
      reporting period, the Board of Supervisors of the Bank comprised 8 members. For details thereof, please refer to Chapter 8
      “Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates” of this report.

      According to the Bank’s Articles of Association, the principal responsibilities of the Board of Supervisors of the Bank
      include the following: to supervise the performance of the duties by and due diligence of the directors and senior
      management members; to examine and supervise the financial activities of the Bank; to verify the financial information
      such as financial reports, business reports and profit distribution plan and regular reports that the Board of Directors
      intends to submit to the general meeting; to audit the business decision-making, risk management and internal control
      of the Bank, if necessary, and to provide guidance and conduct supervision on the work of the internal audit department
      of the Bank; to supervise the establishment and implementation of the internal control by the Board of Directors; and to
      supervise the Board of Directors on its consolidation management of the Bank; among others.

      For details on work carried out by the Board of Supervisors and its specialized committees during the reporting period,
      please refer to Chapter 10 “Report of the Board of Supervisors” of this report.




160   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                 Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




   9.7 Senior Management

The senior management is the executive arm of the Bank accountable to the Board of Directors. There is a strict division
of duties and separation of power between the Bank’s senior management and the Board of Directors. As authorized by
the Board of Directors, the senior management manages and makes decisions on business operation within its mandate.
The Board of Directors evaluates the performance of the senior management members, the results of which shall be used
as the basis for determining remunerations and other incentive arrangements for the senior management members. The
senior management should truthfully report to the Board of Directors or the Board of Supervisors, on a regular basis or as
required by the Board of Directors or the Board of Supervisors, information regarding the Bank’s business performance,
important contracts, financial positions, risk profiles, business outlooks and significant events. As at the end of the
reporting period, the Bank’s senior management comprised 11 members. For details thereof, please refer to Chapter 8
“Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management Members, Staff and Affiliates” of this report.



   9.8 Establishment and Implementation of Performance Evaluation and
       Incentive Mechanisms for Senior Management Members

The Bank has set up its mechanism for annual performance evaluation of the senior management members, which assesses
the latter’s attainment of business targets and ability to perform duties. Results of the annual performance evaluation are
used as an important basis for determining the executives’ remunerations, appointment or removal, work rearrangement,
exchange, and training.



   9.9 Chairperson and President

The Bank set separated positions of its Chairperson and President. As at the end of the reporting period, Ms. Li Qingping
was Chairperson and executive director of the Bank, responsible for presiding over the general meeting, convening and
presiding over meetings of the Board of Directors and examining the implementation of board resolutions and other
relevant matters. Mr. Fang Heying was President and executive director of the Bank, performing the duties including
implementing board resolutions and leading the Bank in its business operation and management and other relevant matters.
The division of duties between the Chairperson and President of the Bank was clearly defined and in compliance with the
Hong Kong Listing Rules.



   9.10 Company Secretary as per the Hong Kong Listing Rules

As at the disclosure date of this report, the Bank engaged, externally, Ms. Kam Mei Ha Wendy (FCS, FCIS) as the joint
company secretary of the Bank as per the Hong Kong Listing Rules; and the main contact person of Ms. Kam Mei Ha
Wendy within the Bank was Ms. Zhang Qing, the board secretary and company secretary of the Bank. The contact
information of Ms. Zhang Qing is Tel: +86-10-85230010, Fax: +86-10-85230079.




                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report    161
      Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




         9.11 Explanations on Independence from the Controlling Shareholder

      The Bank is fully independent from the controlling shareholder in terms of business, personnel, assets, institutional set-
      up and financials, and maintains its independent and complete business as well as the capability of independent business
      operation.



         9.12 I n d e p e n d e n t N o n - E x e c u t i v e D i r e c t o r s ’ S t a t e m e n t o n
               Undertakings Made by CITIC Group and CIFH under the Non-
               Competition Deed

      CITIC Group transferred its 70.32% equity interest in CIFH to the Bank on 23 October 2009, thus releasing CIFH from
      all obligations under the Non-Competition Deed.

      The independent non-executive directors of the Bank came to a conclusion on the non-competition undertakings of CITIC
      Group, holding that CITIC Group honored its non-competition undertakings during the reporting period. CITIC Group
      produced a statement on the performance of its non-competition undertakings under the Non-Competition Deed it entered
      into with the Bank on 13 March 2007.



         9.13 Development and Review of Corporate Governance Policies and
               Practices

      The Board of Directors of the Bank attached great importance to the establishment and improvement of internal rules
      and regulations on corporate governance. During the reporting period, the Bank amended the Measures for Related Party
      Transactions Management of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited and the Measures for Assessment of the Directors’
      Performance of Duties by the Board of Directors of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited, and formulated the Measures
      for Equity Pledge Management of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited in light of its own real situations and relevant
      regulatory requirements. These efforts further improved the Bank’s corporate governance regulations and provided an
      important support for the Bank to carry out scientific operation of corporate governance and more standard management
      of shareholder rights and obligations.



         9.14 Review and Supervision of Training and Continuing Professional
               Development of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
               Members

      The Board of Directors kept urging the directors and senior management members to participate in relevant training for
      better professional development in general and for the directors to enhance their comprehensive quality and competence
      for performance of duties in particular. During the reporting period, the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors
      organized the directors and the supervisors to participate in relevant training in accordance with the applicable requirements
      of the CBIRC, CSRC, Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission and SEHK. The training achieved very good results.




162   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                               Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




The table below sets out the participation of the Bank’s incumbent directors, supervisors, and board secretary in the
training provided by relevant external institutions.

                                                                                                                                 Training Duration
 Name                Title                                                     Trainer               Training Model                          (day)
 Li Qingping         Chairperson, Executive director                           CSRC Beijing Bureau   On-site lecturing                          1
 Fang Heying         Executive director, President & Chief Financial Officer   CSRC Beijing Bureau   On-site lecturing                          1
 Guo Danghuai        Executive director & Vice President                       CSRC Beijing Bureau   Online training                            1
 Huang Fang          Non-executive director                                    CBIRC                 On-site lecturing                          3
 Wan Liming          Non-executive director                                    CBIRC                 On-site lecturing                          3
 He Cao              Independent non-executive director                        CBIRC                 On-site lecturing                          3
 Chen Lihua          Independent non-executive director                        CBIRC                 On-site lecturing                          3
 Yan Lap Kei Isaac   Independent non-executive director                        CBIRC                 On-site lecturing                          3
 Wang Xiuhong        External supervisor                                       CSRC Beijing Bureau   On-site lecturing                          1
 Jia Xiangsen        External supervisor                                       CSRC Beijing Bureau   On-site lecturing                          1
 Zheng Wei           External supervisor                                       CSRC Beijing Bureau   On-site lecturing                          1
 Li Gang             Employee representative supervisor                        CSRC Beijing Bureau   On-site lecturing                          1
 Chen Panwu          Employee representative supervisor                        CSRC Beijing Bureau   On-site lecturing                          1
 Zeng Yufang         Employee representative supervisor                        CSRC Beijing Bureau   On-site lecturing                          1
 Zhang Qing          Board Secretary                                           SSE                   On-site lecturing                          3
                                                                               CBIRC                 On-site lecturing                          3

Ms. Zhang Qing, board secretary and Company Secretary of the Bank, participated in relevant professional training sessions
organized by the regulators and other relevant organizations, completing more than 15 training hours during the reporting
period, compliant with relevant regulatory requirements of SEHK. Ms. Kam Mei Ha Wendy has also satisfied the training
requirement during the reporting period under Rule 3.29 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

As per relevant regulatory requirements, the Bank compiled the References Letters for Directors and Supervisors on both
regular and non-regular basis to help the directors and supervisors gain a comprehensive understanding of the strategy
implementation, business momentum, risk control, internal control and compliance of the Bank. The directors of the
Bank reviewed the reports and other written materials provided to them regarding the latest developments in the banking
industry in general and the Bank’s business in particular as well as relevant legal and regulatory requirements. Below is a
summary of the incumbent directors’ continuing professional development during the reporting period.

                                                                                                                    Monthly updates and other
                                                                                                                     reading materials on latest
                                                                                                                    developments in the Bank’s
                                                                                                      Training           business operation and
                                                                                         on business, directors’        the banking industry as
                                                                                          duties and corporate         well as relevant legal and
 Name                                                                                              governance           regulatory requirements
 Li Qingping (Chairperson, Executive director)                                                                 3                               3
 Cao Guoqiang (Non-executive director)                                                                         3                               3
 Fang Heying (Executive director, President & Chief Financial Officer)                                         3                               3
 Guo Danghuai (Executive director & Vice President)                                                            3                               3
 Huang Fang (Non-executive director)                                                                           3                               3
 Wan Liming (Non-executive director)                                                                           3                               3
 He Cao (Independent non-executive director)                                                                   3                               3
 Chen Lihua (Independent non-executive director)                                                               3                               3
 Qian Jun (Independent non-executive director)                                                                 3                               3
 Yan Lap Kei Isaac (Independent non-executive director)                                                        3                               3




                                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report      163
      Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




         9.15 Review and Supervision of the Company’s Policies and Practices
               for Compliance with Legal and Regulatory Requirements

      Under the guidance of the Board of Directors, the Bank solidly implemented the “Consolidating Chaos Rectification
      Results, Boosting Compliance Improvement” campaign of the CBIRC to continue to upgrade its internal control and
      management mechanisms. Among others, the Bank continued to improve its internal control oversight system, deepened
      the building of the employee behavior management system in line with relevant regulatory requirements, and pushed
      forward in internalizing external regulations work required by the regulation on financial services for small and micro
      enterprises, asset custody business, account, payment and settlement. In addition, the Bank continuously implemented
      the new anti-money laundering regulations, improved the top designs of its internal rules on anti-money laundering, and
      reinforced compliance management at its overseas institutions to ensure business compliance. The Board of Directors
      periodically reviewed internal control and compliance reports, guided the comprehensive promotion of a compliance and
      risk culture, and further elevated all-employee recognition of the value of compliance.



         9.16 C ompliance with the Corporate Governance Code under the
               Hong Kong Listing Rules

      The Bank was in compliance with all code provisions as well as most of the recommended best practices of the Corporate
      Governance Code set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules of SEHK throughout the year ended 31 December 2019,
      except for the following:

      According to Code A.1.3 of the Corporate Governance Code, the meeting notice of the Board of Directors shall be given at
      least 14 days before each regular board meeting, while all directors and supervisors shall be notified in writing 10 days prior
      to a regular board meeting according to Article 179 of the Bank’s Articles of Association. The Bank adopted the above-
      mentioned latter notice practice for regular board meetings because a 10-day prior notice practice complies with applicable
      PRC laws and regulations, and reasonable time is deemed to have been given.

      According to Code A.6.7 of the Corporate Governance Code, independent non-executive directors and other non-executive
      directors should attend the general meetings. Some directors were unable to attend the general meetings of the Bank in
      person due to conflict of timing or other arrangements.

      Given the changes in the external business environment and regulatory requirements in general and changes in the business
      scopes and scales of banks in particular, there is no end to the improvement of internal control of banks. Therefore, the
      Bank will follow the requirements of external regulators, the work requirements of listed companies and the criteria of
      leading banks in the world to continuously optimize its internal control management.




164   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                  Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




   9.17 Management of Investor Relations

During the reporting period, the Bank communicated with participants of the capital market by more than 1,600 person-
times cumulatively through various online and offline interaction channels and approaches such as hosting and visiting
investors, setting up hotlines and emails and organizing large events, which effectively met the needs of domestic and
overseas investors and analysts for communication with the Bank. At the same time, the Bank actively promoted its
2018-2020 Development Plan, publicized its business strategies on accelerating business transformation, strengthening
risk prevention and control and consolidating its development foundation, so as to upgrade the level and quality of its
communication with the capital market and increase investor recognition of the Bank’s investment value. After disclosing
its annual report and other important periodic reports, the Bank maintained close communication of the management
with investors and analysts by holding results releases in Beijing and Hong Kong and other places, organizing road shows
across the globe, and hosting cooperation symposiums with domestic insurance institutions and seminars with overseas
institutional investors and other ways. Besides, the Bank actively broadened channels to communicate with investors, made
full use of network communication and strengthened the communication and interaction with medium and small investors
through methods such as online briefings on cash dividend distribution and collective reception day for investors in Beijing-
based companies listed on SSE. During the reporting period, the Bank communicated with major institutional investors
from home and abroad by nearly 400 person-times, demonstrated to the capital market the positive energy of the Bank’s
business development, and gained continuous attention from the market. The overall results were impressive. During the
reporting period, the Bank was recognized as the “Most Trustworthy Listed Company” at the second Most Trustworthy
Listed Company among Investors selection event organized by the website cnr.cn.

During the reporting period, the Bank dynamically monitored changes in shareholders’ shareholdings, viewpoints of
market research reports, its stock prices and market value, and capital market sentiment, continued to conduct in-depth
research and survey of the capital market, and made timely accurate reports on relevant important information to the
senior management and regulatory authorities. These efforts conveyed useful market opinions to the Bank and effectively
promoted the virtuous interaction between business operation and the capital market. The Bank continued to implement
the Provisional Measures for Equity Management of Commercial Banks and the supporting regulatory requirements thereof
promulgated by the CBIRC, coordinated with its substantial shareholders to improve equity management, formulated and
implemented the measures for equity pledge management of the Bank, further enhancing its equity management.



   9.18 Information Disclosure and Management of Insider Information

The Bank attached great importance to information disclosure and management of insider information. It published
periodic reports and interim announcements in strict compliance with the legal and regulatory provisions on information
disclosure required by its listing venues. During the reporting period, the Bank published over 300 periodic reports, interim
announcements and other documents at the SSE and the SEHK, totaling 5 million words. The Bank kept improving
the framework and contents of its periodic reports by increasing voluntary disclosure of information on topical investor
concerns and focusing more on the market. At the same time, the Bank disclosed more voluntary interim announcements
orderly, published timely preliminary annual results, rationally guided market expectations, and provided investors with
timely, adequate and effective information. During the reporting period, in its annual assessment of listed companies’
information disclosure work, the SSE gave the Bank the highest rating – Class A for the third consecutive year.

During the reporting period, the Bank continuously refined its management of information disclosure, and strengthened
the process and quality control. The Bank boosted internal and external communication, and made scientific disclosure
plans by preparing the tables for disclosure items, consolidating the foundation for announcement compliance and ensuring
the orderly completion of all disclosure works. At the same time, the Bank managed insider information and insiders
in strict accordance with the regulatory requirements of the listing venues and its own regulations. Specifically, it kept
improving its management mechanism for insider information, actively carried out relevant training, raised the compliance
awareness of insiders, and properly registered insider information and insiders at critical time points, so as to prevent the
risks of insider information divulgence and insider trading. During the reporting period, through self-investigation, the
Bank was not aware of any circumstance where any insider traded the Bank’s shares by virtue of insider information.




                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report     165
      Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




         9.19 Management of Related Party Transactions

      During the reporting period, the Bank continued to attach great importance to the management of related party
      transactions pursuant to the regulatory requirements of the CBIRC, the CSRC, the SSE and the SEHK. In combination
      with the regulatory policy trends and the management requirements, further efforts were made to optimize its rules and
      mechanism for such management. As a result, the Bank was able to raise the awareness for compliance of related party
      transactions, upgrade the efficiency and degree of refinement and IT application in the management of related party
      transactions, promote the creation of synergistic value and shareholder value under the premise of compliance, and
      effectively protect the interests of shareholders and investors.

      The Bank upheld its management system that featured decision making by the Board of Directors, supervision by the
      Board of Supervisors, execution by the senior management, and division of duties among business units. The Bank
      effectively performed their obligations of reviewing and disclosing related party transactions, submitted material related
      party transactions to the Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee for review and to the Board of Directors
      for deliberation on a case-by-case basis, and disclosed such transactions and filed them with the CBIRC and the Board of
      Supervisors of the Bank for record, in strict compliance with relevant requirements on the management of related party
      transactions. The Audit and Related Party Transactions Control Committee under the Board of Directors consisted fully of
      independent non-executive directors who carried out preliminary review of material related party transactions and expressed
      independent opinions thereabout on behalf of minority shareholders to ensure that such transactions were made pursuant
      to internal approval procedures and in a fair manner on terms no more favorable than those available to independent third
      parties and in the overall interests of the Bank and all of its shareholders.

      During the reporting period, the Bank conducted related party transactions in an orderly manner in strict compliance
      with various provisions in the light of policy trends and regulatory requirements, guided by the concept of “returning to
      original purposes of regulation and creating value through compliance”. The Bank systematically sort out and revised the
      management measures for related party transactions of the Bank, optimized the management process and specified the
      division of responsibilities, hence cementing the policy foundation for compliance management of related party transactions.
      What’s more, the Bank actively improved the communication and collaboration mechanism with substantial shareholders,
      identified related parties in a look-through manner, comprehensively collected information on relevant parties of substantial
      shareholders, dynamically updated the list of related parties of the Bank, and effectively managed related party transactions.
      The Bank further optimized the review and reporting mechanism for related party transactions by the Board of Directors
      by enhancing the depth, breadth and refinement of reporting, which enhanced the assessment of transaction reasonableness
      and avoided improper transfer of interests. Through organizing and carrying out the self-inspection and rectification of
      related party transactions, the Bank strengthened the precision and continuity of self-inspection, investigated risks across
      the Bank to identify problems in a timely manner, and actively rectified problems, which contributed to continuous
      improvement in its management of related party transactions. The Bank also continuously improved the refined and IT-
      based management of related party transactions, and effectively controlled the transaction limit and annual upper limit
      of related party transactions between the Bank and substantial shareholders and their related parties. The Bank deepened
      the awareness of related party transaction compliance, provided training on related party transaction management through
      multiple channels, and prepared a manual on related party transaction management compliance, thereby ensuring that its
      related party transactions were made in an orderly and compliant manner.




166   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                          Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




    9.20 Internal Control Assessment

The purpose of the Bank’s internal control is to reasonably ensure the lawfulness and compliance of business and
management, safety of assets, and truthfulness and completeness of financial reports and other relevant information,
improve business efficiency and effectiveness, and promote the implementation of the development strategy. The Board of
Directors authorized the internal audit function to self-assess the effectiveness of the internal control design and operation
of the Bank in accordance with relevant requirements such as the Basic Standards for Enterprise Internal Control,
Guidelines for Assessment of Enterprise Internal Control and Guidelines for Internal Control of Commercial Banks, and in
combination with the Bank’s rules and assessment measures on internal control. The internal audit function produced the
2019 Internal Control Assessment Report of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited (“the Internal Control Assessment
Report”), holding that the Bank’s internal control was valid as at 31 December 2019 (record date). In the course of the
self-assessment exercise, the Bank was not aware of any material defects in its internal control. The Board of Supervisors of
the Bank reviewed the Internal Control Assessment Report and had no objections to the content of the report.

Please refer to the relevant announcements published on the websites of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.
hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com) on the disclosure date of this report for the Internal Control Assessment
Report (including the statements of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors on their respective responsibilities
in relation to internal control).



    9.21 Development of Internal Control and Major Measures Adopted

The Bank included operational compliance as part of its 2018-2020 Development Plan of China CITIC Bank and
explicitly required the bank-wide internal control and compliance management to do a good job in the following three
aspects: comprehensive risk management, internal control compliance and fraud case prevention, and implementation
of regulatory policies. At the same time, it worked hard to cultivate a sound risk culture and build up the awareness of
operational compliance among the Bank. By adopting eight measures (building systems, creating mechanisms, putting in
place processes, adjusting structures, controlling risks, strengthening compliance, highlighting innovation, and bolstering up
internal strengths), it effectively adapted to the complicated business environment, and fulfill the management objective of
“Safe CITIC”.

At the same time, it promoted the “413 Compliance Action”35 from multiple dimensions continuously, including
strengthening institutional development, implementing rectification of problems, holding violations accountable more
strictly, and tightening supervisory inspections. By institutional development, employee behavior management, consolidation
of chaos rectification results, and addressing the problems of repeated violation and revelation in investigations, the
Bank advocated the operational compliance and steady development, and comprehensively upgraded the level of internal
control and compliance management across the Bank. It improved the key links of internal control management, applied
compliance manuals into wider fields, and pushed forward the management mode that made clear the “red lines, negative
lists, and penalty criteria”.




35	Under the “413 Compliance Action”, the Bank carried out 4 special actions, i.e., “escort action” for rule implementation, “demining action” for behavior
        management, “sword action” for chaos rectification, and “governance action” for repeated investigations versus repeated violations; and implemented 13
        initiatives, i.e., re-examine business processes, develop compliance manuals, strengthen implementation of rules and regulations, practice the system for part-time
        managerial functions, curb improper trading practices, conduct flying inspections for incident prevention, boost advocacy and early warning education, supervise
        continuous rectification, carry out self-examination and self-correction on a rolling basis, rectify the root causes, define the compliance red lines, conduct
        screening for rectification, and continuously follow up assessment results.




                                                                                                                                                2019 Annual Report            167
      Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




      During the reporting period, the Bank actively internalized 80 external regulatory requirements, including those on
      financial services for small and micro enterprises, asset custody business, account, payment and settlement, completed the
      revising and developing of 86 policies and measures as well as 21 normative documents, and improved or upgraded 15
      system processes. By doing so, it converted the regulatory requirements into internal policies and standards in a timely
      manner, and made sure that these regulatory policies could be put into operation efficiently. Besides, more than 18,000
      people accumulatively were trained on continuous key regulatory policies, where important regulatory requirements for such
      aspects as custody business guidelines and financing for small and micro enterprises were explained at length. Thanks to
      the training, attendees were expected to pinpoint the regulatory priorities precisely, and analyze their impacts on business.
      On this basis, the Bank could deepen its training and operational guidance for branches, and further act on regulatory
      requirements in its operation.

      The Bank was first among its peers that introduced the 5C36 standardized management for internal control and compliance.
      Aiming at improving the compliance management capabilities of institutions at primary level, the Bank formulated
      and issued 5C standardized management guidelines, which sets 20 internal control compliance work flows standardized
      and resolved by five aspects of culture, control, compliance, check and correct. What’s more, considering the function
      positioning and characteristics of the business lines and compliance line of the Head Office and branches, and sub-
      branches, the Bank developed and launched the internal control and compliance 5C platform system, provided IT-based
      management support for more than 5,000 full-time and part-time compliance personnel across the Bank, and effectively
      enhanced the performance capacity of compliance management personnel at the primary level.

      The Bank continued to inspect and correct the issues in relation to the market chaos rectification. Adopting a risk-based
      approach, it carried out self-inspections in a bid to consolidate the results of chaos rectification and strengthen the internal
      control management, re-examined key processes of important businesses, and helped branches to identify their internal
      control deficiencies and fraud case prevention risks. At the same time, measures were taken to re-examine how the internal
      control management processes and key link-related policies were implemented, evaluate the effectiveness of internal control
      management conducted by related businesses and make proper corrections. The Bank managed to conduct internal control
      more effectively and execute related policies more efficiently.

      Besides, the Bank emphasized the requirements for a tier-one legal person management across the Bank. It put the
      annual authorization under the further “differentiated, standardized and meticulous” management, advocated granting of
      differentiated authorization to branches located in three major regions, promoted normative operation in the authorization
      for overseas branches, included recurrent affairs into the scope of annual authorization, and got the authorization work
      done in a more scientific and forward-looking way, so that it could serve the operation, management, and business
      development. Furthermore, it brought units on all levels under normative authorization management, adjusted related
      authorizations in a timely and dynamic way, and thus promoted sound business development.

      Additionally, the Bank kept conducting the “early warning education” campaigns across the Bank, so as to circulate and
      analyze typical cases and severe violations across the Bank. It carried out investigation and rectification campaign for illegal
      fund-raising risk in 37 tier-1 branches, helping all employees raise their awareness of risk and compliance. It continued to
      roll out the “Top Leaders Talk about Cases”, WeChat learning for compliance department heads of the branches, and other
      themed activities, and hosted the “Risk, Compliance and Anti-Money Laundering” knowledge competition, with a view
      to raising the awareness of risk among all employees, advocating the strict compliance with red lines of compliance and
      bottom lines of risk management, promoting business units toward operational compliance, encouraging personnel at all
      levels to be clean, honest and self-disciplined, and establishing a longstanding compliance management mechanism.




      36
           	5C refers to culture, control, compliance, check and correct.




168   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                    Chapter 9 Corporate Governance Report




   9.22 Internal Audit

In accordance with its work objective of “promoting audit toward transformation and enhancing auditing value”, pursuant
to the overall arrangements set out in the 2018-2020 Development Plan and the “8100 Project”, and with the guidance
of the Audit Department’s Implementation Program for the New Three-year Plan (2018-2020), the Bank’s internal audit
conducted strict audits, strengthened management, expanded the audit scope, stepped up efforts in audit supervision and
evaluation, and boosted the application of audit results, thereby giving full play to its supervisory role as the third line of
defense and effectively assuring the robust development of its operation and management and other businesses.

During the reporting period, the Bank focused on the implementation of financial policies on the national level, regulatory
requirements, and strategies on the Head Office level. Given the new conditions and changes, it reinforced the supervision
over key units, key risk areas, key operational and managerial components, and personnel at key posts. With regard to
credit business, the Bank carried out special audits on classification of assets by quality, inclusive finance, asset management
and consolidated management. As for finance, it also conducted special audits on performance-based remunerations. What’s
more, the Bank launched special audits on capital adequacy ratios, market risk management system and other risk fields as
well as comprehensive audits on many branches, and kept tracking the internal control risk position under the complicated
operating environment. At the same time, it worked harder to find out the causes of exposed issues, exposed the problems
existing on the design and execution levels of internal control, and raised valuable management recommendations.



   9.23 External Audit of Internal Control

During the reporting period, the Bank engaged PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP to audit the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting as at 31 December 2019 in accordance with the relevant requirements of the
Guidelines on Audit of Enterprise Internal Control and the practicing standards for PRC certified public accountants.
Based on the audit findings, PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP presented to the Bank its audit report on
internal control. For details thereof, please refer to the announcement published by the Bank on the websites of SSE
(http://www.sse.com.cn), HKEXnews (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Bank (www.citicbank.com).

In its audit opinion on internal control over financial reporting of the Bank, PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP was
of the view that the Bank maintained effective internal control over financial reporting in all material aspects in accordance
with the Basic Standards for Enterprise Internal Control and relevant regulations as at 31 December 2019.



   9.24 Auditors and Their Remunerations

With regard to the auditors engaged by the Bank for the reporting period and their remunerations, please refer to Chapter
4 “Significant Events – Engagement of Auditors” of this report for details thereof.

PricewaterhouseCoopers was the overseas auditor engaged by the Bank for the reporting period. Its statement of reporting
obligation in respect of the consolidated financial statements is set out in Chapter 11 “Independent Auditor’s Report and
Audited Financial Statements” of this report.



   9.25 R esponsibility Statement of the Board of Directors on Risk
         Management, Internal Control and Compliance Management

The Board of Directors bears the ultimate responsibility for the Bank’s risk management, internal control and compliance
management and is responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of the regulations thereon. In consideration that the above-
mentioned risk management and internal control systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failing
to achieve business objectives, the Board of Directors can only provide reasonable instead of absolute assurance that the
above-mentioned systems and internal control can prevent any material misstatement or loss. For details on the Bank’s risk
management, please refer to Chapter 3 “Management Discussion and Analysis – Risk Management” of this report.
                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report     169
      Chapter 10 Report of the Board of Supervisors

          10.1 Information on the Meetings of the Board of Supervisors
      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors convened 11 meetings where it deliberated 23 proposals, including
      those respectively regarding the Bank’s periodic reports, profit distribution plan, internal control assessment report,
      sustainable development report, annual assessment report on the performance of duties, and internal assessment of
      capital adequacy being studied and reviewed; and the Board of Supervisors listened to 43 presentations, including those
      respectively regarding the Bank’s report on operating results, report on total risk management, report on internal control
      and compliance, rectification of regulatory issues notified by the CBIRC, anti-money laundering work, data governance,
      stress testing and large exposures management. Based on comments and suggestions of supervisors, the Board of Supervisors
      issued seven Supervision Work Letters in the year to relevant business units for research and feedback, and submitted
      them to the Board of Directors and the senior management, which helped further improve the closed-loop management
      mechanism for meetings, making the meeting-related work of the Board of Supervisors more standardized and effective,
      and enhancing the interaction of bodies involved in corporate governance. In addition, the Board of Supervisors attended
      all on-site meetings of the Board of Directors and some of the meetings of the specialized committees of the Board of
      Directors as non-voting delegates to ensure adequate supervision over the decision-making process on the Bank’s significant
      events. Meanwhile, it carried out supervisory inspections of the Bank’s operation and management activities by attending
      senior management meetings as non-voting delegates and reviewing various documents and information submitted by the
      management.

      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors conducted thematic surveys on credit authorization management,
      internal control and compliance of overseas institutions, case prevention and employee behavior management, and went
      to CITIC aiBank and some branches to survey their operation and development, covering a total of eight branches
      and subsidiaries. The Board of Supervisors further improved the effectiveness of surveys through careful preparations,
      well-planned survey schedule and comprehensive survey summary, reflected on bank-wide, overall, systemic and
      institutional problems based on individual surveys, and put forward more systematic suggestions with pertinence and
      independence. In response to the complicated and severe external financial situations in recent years and the continuous
      pressure on asset quality of the Bank, the Board of Supervisors conducted the first inquiry on credit asset quality and write-
      off of non-performing assets, communicated with relevant departments in depth, and prepared a special inquiry report.
      While pointing out the problems and analyzing their causes, the Board of Supervisors put forward constructive suggestions
      and contributed their wisdom to pushing the Bank’s high-quality and sustainable development.

      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors further strengthened the top-level design, and kept improving system
      and mechanism construction by revising the Rules of Procedures of the Board of Supervisors of China CITIC Bank Corporation
      Limited, the Measures for Assessment of the Duty Performance of the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and the Senior
      Management by the Board of Supervisors of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited and the Measures for Assessment of the
      Duty Performance of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management Members by the Board of Supervisors of China CITIC Bank
      Corporation Limited, among others. In addition, the Board of Supervisors elected a new employee representative supervisor,
      actively participated in various training, and further strengthened its own development.

      The attendance records of the members of the Board of Supervisors at the meetings during the reporting period are set out
      in the table below:

                                                                                                    In-person attendance/                Attendance by proxy/
       Supervisors                                                                                    number of meetings                  number of meetings
       Liu Cheng                                                                                                    11/11                                0/11
       Deng Changqing                                                                                                8/11                                3/11
       Wang Xiuhong                                                                                                  8/11                                3/11
       Jia Xiangsen                                                                                                  9/11                                2/11
       Zheng Wei                                                                                                    11/11                                0/11
       Li Gang                                                                                                        5/5                                 0/5
       Chen Panwu                                                                                                    9/11                                2/11
       Zeng Yufang                                                                                                  10/11                                1/11

      Note:   During the reporting period, before his departure as supervisor, Mr. Cheng Pusheng attended 1 meeting in person and 4 meetings by proxy among these 5 total
              meetings taken place during his tenure.


      During the reporting period, all the three external supervisors of the Bank were able to exercise their supervisory duties
      independently, and worked in the Bank for more than 15 working days, meeting regulatory requirements. By attending
      meetings of the Board of Supervisors, participating in the meetings of the Board of Directors and its specialized committees
      as non-voting attendees, and joining the thematic surveys of the Board of Supervisors and other activities, external
      supervisors actively learned about the Bank’s operation and management status, carefully studied various proposals and
      special reports, and put forward suggestions on major events of the Bank, thereby playing an important role in fulfilling the
      supervisory responsibilities of the Board of Supervisors.
170   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                          Chapter 10 Repor t of the Board of Super visors




    10.2 Specialized Committees under the Board of Supervisors

The Supervision Committee and the Nomination Committee are the specialized committees set up under the Board of
Supervisors.

10.2.1 Supervision Committee
As at the end of the reporting period, the Supervision Committee of the Bank’s Board of Supervisors comprised 4
supervisors, with Mr. Jia Xiangsen as chairman, and Mr. Zheng Wei, Mr. Li Gang and Ms. Zeng Yufang as members.
Primary responsibilities of the committee include the following: to supervise the Board of Directors in the establishment
of prudent business concepts and value propositions and the formulation of development strategies consistent with the
Bank’s real situations, and to carry out supervisory inspections of the Bank’s business decisions, financial activities, risk
management and internal control.

During the reporting period, the Supervision Committee under the Board of Supervisors convened 4 meetings which
deliberated and adopted 13 proposals including those respectively regarding the Bank’s periodic reports, profit distribution
plan, internal control assessment report and sustainable development report, etc. The attendance records of the Supervision
Committee members at the committee meetings during the reporting period are set out in the table below:

                                                                                               In-person attendance/               Attendance by proxy/
 Incumbent members                                                                               number of meetings                 number of meetings
 Jia Xiangsen                                                                                                            4/4                                 0/4
 Zheng Wei                                                                                                               4/4                                 0/4
 Li Gang                                                                                                                 0/0                                 0/0
 Zeng Yufang                                                                                                             4/4                                 0/4

Note:   During the reporting period, before his departure as Supervision Committee member of the Bank, Mr. Cheng Pusheng attended 1 meeting in person and 1
        meeting by proxy among these 2 total meetings taken place. Upon election by the 15th meeting of the 5th session of the Board of Supervisors of the Bank
        convened on 17 October 2019, Supervisor Li Gang started to serve as a member of the Supervision Committee under the 5th session of the Board of Supervisors.
        From the date Mr. Li Gang served as a member of the Supervision Committee to the end of the reporting period, the Bank had not held a meeting of the
        Supervision Committee of the Board of Supervisors.



10.2.2 Nomination Committee
As at the end of the reporting period, the Nomination Committee of the Bank’s Board of Supervisors comprised 3
supervisors, with Ms. Wang Xiuhong as chairperson, and Mr. Deng Changqing and Mr. Chen Panwu as members.
Principal responsibilities of the committee include the following: to draft procedures and standards on selecting and
appointing candidate supervisors to be elected by the general meeting, and to carry out preliminary review of the
qualifications for office of such candidate supervisors and put forward corresponding recommendations. The employee
representative supervisors of the Bank are democratically elected or dismissed by employees of the Bank.

During the reporting period, the Nomination Committee of the Board of Supervisors convened 2 meetings which
deliberated and adopted 5 proposals including the proposal regarding the assessment report regarding the performance of
duties on the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and the senior management and their members. The attendance
records of the Nomination Committee members at the committee meetings during the reporting period are set out in the
table below:

                                                                                               In-person attendance/               Attendance by proxy/
 Incumbent members                                                                               number of meetings                 number of meetings
 Wang Xiuhong                                                                                                            2/2                                 0/2
 Deng Changqing                                                                                                          2/2                                 0/2
 Chen Panwu                                                                                                              2/2                                 0/2




                                                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report           171
      Chapter 10 Repor t of the Board of Super visors




         10.3 Independent Opinions of the Board of Supervisors on Relevant
               Matters
      10.3.1 Compliance of Business Operation
      The Bank conducted its business according to relevant laws, and its decision-making process complies with relevant
      requirements of laws, regulations and the Bank’s Articles of Association. Neither breach of laws, regulations or the Bank’s
      Articles of Association nor behavior that would impair the interests of the Bank and shareholders were identified on part of
      the directors or senior management members in their duty performing.

      10.3.2 Truthfulness of the Financial Report
      The compilation and review process of the financial report is compliant with laws, administrative regulations and regulatory
      provisions and no misrepresentation, distortion or material defect was identified in the report.

      10.3.3 Use of Proceeds
      During the reporting period, the Bank’s use of the proceeds was consistent with the purposes stated in its prospectuses.

      10.3.4 Acquisition and Disposal of Assets
      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors was not aware of any acquisition or disposal of assets by the Bank
      that might impair shareholder rights and interests or result in loss of the Bank’s assets or constitute insider trading.

      10.3.5 Related Party Transactions
      During the reporting period, the Board of Supervisors was not aware of any related party transactions that might impair
      the interests of the Bank and its shareholders.

      10.3.6 Implementation of Resolutions Adopted at the General Meetings
      The Board of Supervisors had no objections to the reports and proposals that the Board of Directors submitted to the
      general meetings for deliberation in 2019. The Board of Supervisors supervised the implementation of the resolutions
      adopted at the general meetings and held that the Board of Directors diligently implemented the relevant resolutions of the
      general meetings.

      10.3.7 Internal Control
      The Board of Supervisors deliberated and approved the 2019 Internal Control Assessment Report of China CITIC Bank
      Corporation Limited.

      10.3.8 Sustainable Development Report
      The Board of Supervisors deliberated and approved the 2019 Sustainable Development Report of China CITIC Bank
      Corporation Limited.

      10.3.9 Profit Distribution Plan
      The Board of Supervisors deliberated and approved the 2019 Profit Distribution Plan of China CITIC Bank Corporation
      Limited. And the Board of Supervisors was of the opinion that the 2019 Profit Distribution Plan of China CITIC Bank
      Corporation Limited complied with relevant laws, regulations and the Articles of Association of the Bank, and the content
      was reasonable, in line with the interests of all shareholders and conducive to the long-term development of the Bank.

      10.3.10 Dividend Distribution Plan for Preference Shares
      The dividend distribution plan for preference shares of the Bank complied with applicable laws and regulations, the Bank’s
      Articles of Association and the terms of issuance for the preference shares.

      10.3.11 Implementation of the Regulations on Management of Information
               Disclosure
      The Bank performed its information disclosure obligations in strict accordance with relevant regulatory requirements,
      earnestly implemented various regulations on the management of information disclosure matters, and disclosed information
      in a timely and fair manner. The information disclosed during the reporting period was truthful, accurate and complete.

      Except for the above disclosed matters, the Board of Supervisors had no objections to other supervisory issues during the
      reporting period.


172   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                   Chapter 11 Independent Auditor’s Report and Financial Report




To the Shareholders of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
(incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

Opinion
What we have audited
The consolidated financial statements of China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited (the “Bank”) and its subsidiaries (the
“Group”) set out on pages 1 to 206, which comprise:

•      the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2019;

•      the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year then ended;

•      the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

•      the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and

•      the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include a summary of significant accounting policies.

Our opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at 31 December 2019, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) and have been properly prepared in
compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Independence
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the
Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:

•      Measurement of expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial investments

•      Consolidation of structured entities – Non-principal guaranteed wealth management products

•      De-recognition of financial assets




                                                                                                              2019 Annual Report     173
      Chapter 11 Independent Auditor’s Report and Financial Report




       Key Audit Matter                                              How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

       Measurement of expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial investments

       Refer to Note 4(c), Note 5(i), Note 22 and Note 23 to         We evaluated and tested the design and operational
       the consolidated financial statements.                        effectiveness of the internal controls relating to the
                                                                     measurement of ECL for loans and advances to customers,
       As at 31 December 2019, gross loans and advances to           and financial investments, primarily including:
       customers and accrued interest included for the purpose
       of expected credit loss assessment, as presented in the       •    Governance over ECL models, including the
       CITIC Bank’s consolidated balance sheet, amounted                  selection, approval and application of modelling
       to RMB4,001,176 million, for which the management                  methodology; and the internal controls relating to
       recognized an impairment allowance of RMB115,956                   the on-going monitoring and optimization of the
       million; total financial investments and accrued interest          models;
       included for the purpose of expected credit loss assessment
       amounted to RMB1,559,790 million, for which the               •    Internal controls relating to significant management
       management recognized an impairment allowance of                   judgments and assumptions, including the review
       RMB8,407 million.                                                  and approval of model selections, parameters
                                                                          estimation, identification of significant increase in
       The balances of loss allowances for the loans and advances         credit risk, defaults or credit-impaired loans, and
       to customers and financial investments represent the               forward-looking measurement;
       management’s best estimates at the balance sheet date
       of expected credit losses (“ECL”) under International         •    Internal controls over the accuracy and completeness
       Financial Reporting Standard 9: Financial Instruments              of key inputs used by the models;
       expected credit losses models.
                                                                     •    Internal controls relating to estimated future cash
                                                                          flows and calculations of present values of such cash
                                                                          flows for corporate loans and advances and financial
                                                                          investments in stage 3;

                                                                     •    Internal controls over the information systems for
                                                                          model-based measurement.




174   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
Chapter 11 Independent Auditor’s Report and Financial Report




Key Audit Matter                                               How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Measurement of expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial investments (continued)

The management assesses whether the credit risk of loans       The substantive procedures we preformed primarily
and advances to customers and financial investments have       included:
increased significantly since their initial recognition, and
apply a three-stage impairment model to calculate their        We reviewed the modelling methodologies for ECL
ECL. For corporate loans and advances and financial            measurement, and assessed the reasonableness of the
investments classified into stages 1 and 2, and all personal   models selection, key parameters estimation, significant
loans, the management assesses loss allowance using the        judgements and assumptions in relation to the models.
risk parameter modelling approach that incorporates key        We tested whether or not the measurement models
parameters, including probability of default, loss given       reflect the modelling methodologies documented by the
default, exposure at default and discount rates. For           management on a sample basis.
corporate loans and advances and financial investments
in stage 3, the management assesses loss allowance by          We selected samples, in consideration of the financial
estimating the cash flows from the loans.                      information and non-financial information of the
                                                               borrowers, relevant external evidence and other factors,
The measurement models of ECL involves significant             to assess the appropriateness of the management’s
management judgments and assumptions, primarily                identification of significant increase in credit risk, defaults
including the following:                                       and credit-impaired loans.

(1)   Criteria for determining whether or not there was        For forward-looking measurement, we reviewed the
      a significant increase in credit risk, or a default or   management’s model analysis of their selection of
      impairment loss was incurred;                            economic indicators, economic scenarios and weightings
                                                               employed, assessed the reasonableness of the prediction of
                                                               economic indicators and performed sensitivity analysis of
                                                               economic indicators, economic scenarios and weightings.

                                                               In addition, we assessed the reasonableness of the selection
                                                               of significant uncertain factors, its application and
                                                               measurement in the management overlay adjustments,
                                                               and examined the accuracy of the relevant mathematical
                                                               calculations.




                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report     175
      Chapter 11 Independent Auditor’s Report and Financial Report




       Key Audit Matter                                            How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

       Measurement of expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial investments (continued)

       (2)   Economic indicators for forward-looking               We examined major data inputs to the ECL models
             measurement, and the application of economic          on selected samples, including historical data and data
             scenarios and weightings;                             at the measurement date, to assess their accuracy and
                                                                   completeness. We also performed walk-through testing
       (3)   Management overlay adjustments due to significant     and reconciliation of the transmission of major data
             uncertain factors not covered in the models;          inputs between the models’ measurement engines and
                                                                   the information systems, to verify their accuracy and
       (4)   The estimated future cash flows for corporate loans   completeness.
             and advances and financial investments in stage 3.
                                                                   For corporate loans and advances and financial investments
       The Group established governance processes and controls     in stage 3, we examined, on a sample basis, forecasted
       for the measurement of ECL.                                 future cash flows prepared by the Group based on financial
                                                                   information of borrowers and guarantors, latest collateral
       For measuring ECL, the management adopted complex           valuations and other available information together with
       models, employed numerous parameters and data inputs,       discount rates in supporting the computation of loss
       and applied significant management judgments and            allowance.
       assumptions. In addition, the exposures of the loans and
       advances to customers and financial investments, the        Based on our procedures performed, in the context of the
       loss allowance and provision accrued involve significant    inherent uncertainties associated with measurement of
       amounts. In view of these reasons, we identified this as    ECL for loans and advances to customers, and financial
       a key audit matter.                                         investments, the models, key parameters, significant
                                                                   judgements and assumptions adopted by management
                                                                   and the measurement results were considered acceptable.




176   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
Chapter 11 Independent Auditor’s Report and Financial Report




Key Audit Matter                                            How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Consolidation of Structured Entities – Non-principal Guaranteed Wealth Management Products

Refer to Note 4(a), Note 5(vii) and Note 59 to the          We evaluated and tested the design and operating
consolidated financial statements.                          effectiveness of management’s relevant controls over the
                                                            consolidation of structured entities for non-principal
As at 31 December 2019, non-principal guaranteed            guaranteed WMPs. These controls primarily included the
wealth management products issued and managed by            review and approval of the contractual terms, the results
the group involved structured entities, and amounts for     in variable return calculations, and the consolidation
structured entities included in the consolidation scope     assessment conclusions for these structured entities.
and those not included were disclosed in Note 5 (vii)and
Note 59 respectively.                                       We selected samples of structured entities for non-
                                                            principal guaranteed WMPs and performed the following
Management’s decision on whether or not to consolidate      tests:
structured entities was based on an assessment of the
Group’s power, its variable returns and the ability to      •    assessed the Group’s contractual rights and
exercise its power to influence the variable returns from        obligations in light of the transaction structures,
these structured entities.                                       and evaluated the Group’s power over the structured
                                                                 entities;
We focused on the consolidation assessment and judgment
made by management involving the structured entities        •    performed independent analysis and tests on
for non-principal guaranteed WMPs during our audit,              the variable returns from the structured entities,
as whether or not to consolidate these entities involved         including but not limited to commission income
significant judgment.                                            and asset management fees earned, retention of
                                                                 residual income, and, if any, liquidity and other
                                                                 support provided to the structured entities;

                                                            •    assessed whether the Group acted as a principal or an
                                                                 agent through analysis of the scope of the Group’s
                                                                 decision-making authority, its remuneration
                                                                 entitlement, other interests the Group held, and
                                                                 the rights held by other parties.

                                                            •    evaluated and examined on the appropriateness
                                                                 of disclosures relating to structured entities in the
                                                                 consolidated financial statements.

                                                            Based on the procedures performed above, we found
                                                            management’s judgement relating to the consolidation
                                                            and disclosure of structured entities for non-principal
                                                            guaranteed WMPs acceptable in all material respects.




                                                                                                   2019 Annual Report    177
      Chapter 11 Independent Auditor’s Report and Financial Report




       Key Audit Matter                                              How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

       De-recognition of Financial Assets

       Refer to Note 4 (c), Note 5 (vi) and Note 60 to the           We evaluated and tested the design and operating
       consolidated financial statements.                            effectiveness of the relevant controls over transfers of
                                                                     financial assets, including the review and approval of the
       During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group             structure designs and contractual terms of the transactions,
       entered into transactions which involved transfers of         the approval of models for testing the transfer of risks
       financial assets including securitisation transactions,       and rewards of ownership and the key parameters and
       structured transfers on assets usufruct, and transfers of     assumptions used in the models, as well as the review and
       non-performing loans.                                         approval of management’s assessment results.

       Management analysed the Group’s contractual rights            We selected samples and read through transaction
       and obligations in connection with such transfers, and        agreements to assess the contractual rights and obligations
       assessed the extent to which the associated risks and         of the Group, and whether the Group transferred the
       rewards of ownership were transferred by using models         rights to receive contractual cash flows from the financial
       to determine whether the de-recognition criteria were         assets or the transfer qualified for the “pass through” of
       met. Where necessary, the Group assessed whether it           those cash flows, to independent third parties.
       had relinquished its control over the transferred financial
       assets to determine whether the de-recognition criteria       We also assessed the appropriateness of the models, the
       were met.                                                     parameters and assumptions, the discount rates, and
                                                                     the variability factors. We also tested the mathematical
       The de-recognition assessment relating to the transfer        accuracy of the calculations.
       of financial assets involved significant judgment from
       management, and as such, we focused our audit on the          For financial assets where the Group neither retained
       de-recognition of these financial assets.                     nor transferred substantially all of the risks and rewards
                                                                     associated with their ownership, we analysed whether the
                                                                     Group had relinquished its controls over these financial
                                                                     assets, and if the Group had a continuing involvement
                                                                     in these transferred financial assets.

                                                                     Based on the procedures performed above, we found
                                                                     management’s assessment over de-recognition of
                                                                     transferred financial assets acceptable.




178   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
Chapter 11 Independent Auditor’s Report and Financial Report




Other Information
The directors of the Bank are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the information
included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or
our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated
Financial Statements
The directors of the Bank are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such
internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report
our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to
any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that
an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or
     error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
     appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
     higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
     or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
     in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
     disclosures made by the directors.




                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report      179
      Chapter 11 Independent Auditor’s Report and Financial Report




      •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
           evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
           on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
           to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
           disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
           date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
           concern.

      •    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
           and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
           achieves fair presentation.

      •    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
           within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction,
           supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

      We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
      audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

      We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
      regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought
      to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

      From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance
      in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
      these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely
      rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences
      of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Chan Kwong Tak.




      PricewaterhouseCoopers
      Certified Public Accountants

      Hong Kong, 26 March 2020




180   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                    Chapter 11 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                                              Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                 Notes                      2019                   2018
 Interest income                                                                            268,498             241,933
 Interest expense                                                                          (141,227)           (129,021)
 Net interest income                                                6                      127,271              112,912
 Fee and commission income                                                                  52,284               42,599
 Fee and commission expense                                                                 (5,900)              (5,591)
 Net fee and commission income                                      7                       46,384               37,008
 Net trading gain                                                   8                         5,229                6,519
 Net gain from investment securities                                9                         8,629                9,046
 Net hedging loss                                                  10                            (2)                  (1)
 Other operating income                                                                         370                  282
 Operating income                                                                          187,881              165,766
 Operating expenses                                                11                      (54,168)             (52,600)
 Operating profit before impairment                                                        133,713              113,166
 Credit impairment losses                                          12                      (76,679)             (57,886)
 Impairment losses on other assets                                 13                         (576)                (347)
 Revaluation gain on investment properties                                                     (15)                  35
 Share of loss of associates and joint ventures                                                102                 (642)
 Profit before tax                                                                          56,545               54,326
 Income tax expense                                                14                       (7,551)              (8,950)
 Profit for the Year                                                                        48,994               45,376
 Net profit attributable to:
 Equity holders of the Bank                                                                 48,015               44,513
 Non-controlling interests                                                                     979                  863
 Profit for the year                                                                        48,994               45,376
 Other comprehensive income, net of tax:                           15
 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
    (net of tax):
    — Net changes on the measurement of defined
          benefit plan                                                                           —                     7
    — Fair value changes on financial investments designated
          at fair value through other comprehensive income                                     (789)                  11
    — Fair value changes on transfers from owner-occupied
          property to investment property                                                        —                    65
 Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
    (net of tax):
    — Other comprehensive income transferable to profit or
          loss under equity method                                                               —                   (10)
    — Fair value changes on financial assets at fair value
          through other comprehensive income                                                  1,714              10,040
    — Impairment allowance on financial assets at fair value
          through other comprehensive income                                                   685                   140
    — Exchange difference on translating foreign operations                                    592                 2,209
 Other comprehensive income, net of tax                            15                         2,202              12,462
 Total comprehensive income for the year Total                                              51,196               57,838
 Total comprehensive income attribute to:
 Equity holders of the Bank                                                                 50,107               57,022
 Non-controlling interests                                                                   1,089                  816
 Earnings per share attributable to the ordinary
   shareholders of the Bank
 Basic earnings per share (RMB)                                    16                          0.95                 0.88
 Diluted earnings per share (RMB)                                                              0.89                 0.88

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report    181
      Chapter 11 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      As at 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)




                                                                            31 December   31 December
                                                                    Notes          2019          2018
       Assets
       Cash and balances with central banks                          17         463,158       538,708
       Deposits with banks and non-bank financial institutions       18         121,297        99,153
       Precious metals                                                            6,865         4,988
       Placements with and loans to banks and non-bank
         financial institutions                                      19         204,547       176,160
       Derivative financial assets                                   20          17,117        31,991
       Financial assets held under resale agreements                 21           9,954        10,790
       Loans and advances to customers                               22       3,892,602     3,515,650
       Financial investments                                         23       1,873,596     1,600,163
         — at fair value through profit or loss                      23         317,546       308,872
         — at amortised cost                                                    924,234       778,238
         — at fair value through other comprehensive income                     628,780       510,346
         — designated at fair value through other
               comprehensive income                                               3,036         2,707
       Investments in associates and joint ventures                  24           3,672         3,881
       Investment properties                                         26             426           443
       Property, plant and equipment                                 27          22,372        21,385
       Right-of-use assets                                           28          12,390            —
       Intangible assets                                                          1,874         1,879
       Goodwill                                                      29             912           896
       Deferred tax assets                                           30          32,095        23,174
       Other assets                                                  31          87,556        37,453
       Total assets                                                           6,750,433     6,066,714
       Liabilities
       Borrowings from central banks                                            240,298       286,430
       Deposits from banks and non-bank financial institutions       33         951,122       782,264
       Placements from banks and non-bank financial institutions     34          92,539       115,358
       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                   847           962
       Derivative financial liabilities                              20          16,836        31,646
       Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements             35         111,838       120,315
       Deposits from customers                                       36       4,073,258     3,649,611
       Accrued staff costs                                           37          12,132        10,549
       Taxes payable                                                 38           8,865         4,920
       Debt securities issued                                        39         650,274       552,483
       Lease liabilities                                                         10,896            —
       Provisions                                                    40           6,116         5,013
       Deferred tax liabilities                                      30              10            16
       Other liabilities                                             41          42,878        54,061
       Total liabilities                                                      6,217,909     5,613,628




182   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
 Chapter 11 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Continued)
                                                                                                 As at 31 December 2019
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                    31 December             31 December
                                                                 Notes                     2019                    2018
 Equity
 Share capital                                                     42                       48,935                48,935
 Other equity instruments                                          43                       78,083                34,955
 Capital reserve                                                   44                       58,977                58,977
 Other comprehensive income                                        45                        7,361                 5,269
 Surplus reserve                                                   46                       39,009                34,450
 General reserve                                                   47                       81,535                74,255
 Retained earnings                                                 48                      203,411               179,820
 Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Bank                                   517,311               436,661
 Non-controlling interests                                         49                       15,213                16,425
 Total equity                                                                              532,524               453,086
 Total liabilities and equity                                                          6,750,433               6,066,714

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on Mar 26th 2020.




Li Qingping             Fang Heying                                      Li Peixia                   Company stamp
Legal Representative    Executive Director,                              General Manager of
(Chairperson)           President and Chief Financial Officer            Finance Department




                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report   183
      Chapter 11 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



                                                                                                   Equity attributable to equity holders of the Bank                           Non-controlling interests
                                                                                          Other                          Other                                                 Ordinary Other equity
                                                                             Share       Equity          Capital comprehensive             Surplus      General    Retained      equity instruments           Total
                                                                    Notes   capital instruments          reserve       income               reserve      reserve   earnings     holders      holders         equity
       As at 31 December 2018/1 January 2019                                48,935       34,955          58,977             5,269          34,450       74,255     179,820        7,933            8,492    453,086

       (i) Net profit                                                           —            —                —                —                —            —      48,015          509              470     48,994
       (ii) Other comprehensive income                               15         —            —                —             2,092               —            —          —           110               —       2,202
       Total comprehensive income                                               —            —                —             2,092               —            —      48,015          619              470     51,196
       (iii) Issuing of other equity instruments
             — Convertible corporate bonds                                      —         3,135               —                —                —            —          —             —               —       3,135
             — Undated capital bonds                                            —        39,993               —                —                —            —          —             —               —      39,993
             — Redemption of other equity instruments                           —            —                —                —                —            —          —             —           (1,825)    (1,825)
       (iv) Profit appropriations
             — Appropriations to surplus reserve                     46         —            —                —                —             4,559           —       (4,559)          —               —          —
             — Appropriations to general reserve                     47         —            —                —                —                —         7,280      (7,280)          —               —          —
             — Dividend distribution to ordinary shareholders
                   of the Bank                                       48         —            —                —                —                —            —     (11,255)           —               —     (11,255)
             — Dividend distribution to non-controlling interests               —            —                —                —                —            —          —             (6)             —          (6)
             — Dividend distribution to preference
                   shareholders holders                              48         —            —                —                —                —            —       (1,330)          —               —      (1,330)
             — Dividend distribution to other equity
                   instruments holders                               49         —            —                —                —                —            —          —             —             (470)      (470)
       As at 31 December 2019                                               48,935       78,083          58,977             7,361          39,009       81,535     203,411        8,546            6,667    532,524

                                                                                                    Equity attributable to equity holders of the Bank                          Non-controlling interests
                                                                                                                         Other                                                 Ordinary Other equity
                                                                             Share    Preference         Capital comprehensive             Surplus      General    Retained      equity instruments           Total
                                                                    Notes   capital       shares         reserve       income               reserve      reserve   earnings     holders      holders         equity
       As at 31 December 2017                                               48,935       34,955          58,977           (11,784)          31,183       74,251    163,121         7,646           5,149    412,433
       Change in accounting policy                                  3(c)        —            —               —              4,544             (939)          —      (9,502)         (235)             —      (6,132)
       As at 1 January 2018                                                 48,935       34,955          58,977           (7,240)           30,244       74,251    153,619         7,411           5,149    406,301
       (i) Net profit                                                           —            —               —                —                 —            —      44,513           574             289     45,376
       (ii) Other comprehensive income                               15         —            —               —            12,509                —            —          —            (47)             —      12,462
       Total comprehensive income                                               —            —                —           12,509                —            —      44,513           527             289     57,838
       (iii) Contribution by non-controlling shareholders            49         —            —                —               —                 —            —          —             —            3,343      3,343
       (iv) Profit appropriations
             — Appropriations to surplus reserve                     46         —            —                —                —             4,206           —       (4,206)          —               —          —
             — Appropriations to general reserve                     47         —            —                —                —                —            4           (4)          —               —          —
             — Dividend distribution to ordinary shareholders
                  of the Bank                                        48         —            —                —                —                —            —      (12,772)          —               —     (12,772)
             — Dividend distribution to preference shareholders
                  of the Bank                                        48         —            —                —                —                —            —       (1,330)          —               —      (1,330)
             — Dividend distribution to non-controlling interests               —            —                —                —                —            —           —            (5)             —          (5)
             — Dividend distribution to other equity
                  instruments holders                                49         —            —                —                —                —            —          —             —             (289)      (289)
       As at 31 December 2018                                               48,935       34,955          58,977             5,269           34,450       74,255    179,820         7,933           8,492    453,086

      The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




184   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                 Chapter 11 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                     (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                2019                   2018
Operating activities
Profit before tax                                                                             56,545                 54,326
Adjustments for:
  — revaluation gain on investments, derivatives and investment properties                        373                  2,825
  — investment gain                                                                            (7,829)                (7,897)
  — net loss gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment,
        intangible assets and other assets                                                        (3)                  (363)
  — unrealised foreign exchange (gain)/loss                                                     (323)                     8
  — credit impairment losses                                                                  76,679                 57,886
  — impairment losses on other assets                                                            576                    347
  — depreciation and amortisation                                                              2,821                  2,942
  — interest expense on debt securities issued                                                22,186                 22,416
  — dividend income from equity investment                                                       (65)                  (320)
  — depreciation of right-of-use assets and interest expense on
        lease liabilities                                                                      3,793                     —
  — income tax paid                                                                          (13,503)               (15,875)
Subtotal                                                                                     141,250                116,295
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Decrease in balances with central banks                                                       44,865                 68,403
(Increase)/decrease in deposits with banks and non-bank financial
  institutions                                                                               (70,522)                  3,159
(Increase)/decrease in placements with and loans to banks and non-bank
  financial institutions                                                                     (18,513)                42,501
Decrease in investments in financial assets held for trading purposes                         29,279                 17,850
Decrease in financial assets held under resale agreements                                        788                 43,837
Increase in loans and advances to customers non-bank financial institutions                 (440,025)              (450,950)
Increase/(decrease) in deposits from banks and non-bank financial
  institutions                                                                               170,271                (19,990)
(Decrease)/increase in borrowings from central banks                                         (44,840)                43,980
(Decrease)/increase in placements from banks and non-bank financial
  institutions                                                                               (23,227)                36,480
(Decrease)/increase in financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss               (243)                   958
Decrease in financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                                 (8,467)               (14,229)
Increase in deposits from customers                                                          417,812                196,044
(Increase)/decrease in other operating assets                                                (71,776)                 6,721
(Decrease)/increase in other operating liabilities                                            (9,683)                11,257
Subtotal                                                                                     (24,281)               (13,979)
Net cash flows from operating activities                                                     116,969                102,316




                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report    185
      Chapter 11 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                         Notes                      2019               2018
       Investing activities
       Proceeds from disposal and redemption of investments                                  1,940,528          1,396,004
       Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment,
         land use rights, and other assets                                                         399              1,154
       Cash received from equity investment income                                                 373                320
       Payments on acquisition of investments                                               (2,190,629)        (1,535,459)
       Payments on acquisition of property, plant and equipment,
         land use rights and other assets                                                          (4,056)            (4,754)
       Net cash paid for acquisition of associates and joint ventures      24                          —              (1,838)
       Net cash received from disposal of associates                                                  321                 —
       Net cash flows used in investing activities                                               (253,064)       (144,573)
       Financing activities
       Cash received from debt securities issued                           39                     586,270         922,161
       Cash received from other equity instruments issued                  49                      39,993           3,343
       Cash paid for redemption of debt securities issued                                        (486,792)       (815,230)
       Interest paid on debt securities issued                                                    (22,829)        (21,836)
       Dividends paid                                                                             (13,052)        (14,396)
       Principle and interest paid for leasing liabilities                                         (3,011)             —
       Net cash flows from financing activities                                                  100,579              74,042
       Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                      (35,516)             31,785
       Cash and cash equivalents as at 1 January                                                 376,009             337,915
       Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                1,956               6,309
       Cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December                         50                    342,449             376,009
       Cash flows from operating activities include:
       Interest received                                                                         272,968             220,101
       Interest paid                                                                             (119,236)       (113,272)

      The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




186   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



1   Corporate information
    China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited (the “Bank” or “CNCB”) is a joint stock company incorporated in the
    People’s Republic of China (the “PRC” or “Mainland China”) on 31 December 2006. Headquartered in Beijing, the
    Bank’s registered office is located at No.9 Chaoyangmen Beidajie, Dongcheng District, Beijing, China. The Bank listed
    its A shares and H shares on Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
    Limited, respectively on 27 April 2007.

    The Bank operates under financial services certificate No. B0006H111000001 issued by the China Banking Insurance
    Regulatory Commission (the “CBIRC”, originally named China Banking Regulatory Commission), and unified social
    credit code No. 91110000101690725E issued by the State Administration of Industry and Commerce of the PRC.

    The principal activities of the Bank and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) are the provision of corporate and
    personal banking services, conducting treasury business, the provision of asset management, finance leasing and other
    non-banking financial services.

    As at 31 December 2019, the Group mainly operates in Mainland China with branches covering 31 provinces,
    autonomous regions and municipalities. In addition, the Bank’s subsidiaries have operations in Mainland China, the
    Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of PRC (“Hong Kong”) and other overseas countries and regions.

    For the purpose of these consolidated financial statements, Mainland China refers to the PRC excluding Hong Kong,
    the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC (“Macau”) and Taiwan. Overseas refers to countries and regions
    other than Mainland China.

    The consolidated financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors of the Bank on 26 March 2020.

2   Basis of preparation
    These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. The consolidated financial
    statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 comprise the Bank and its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.

    (a)    Accounting year
           The accounting year of the Group is from 1 January to 31 December.

    (b)    Functional currency and presentation currency
           The functional currency of the Bank is Renminbi (“RMB”). The functional currencies of overseas subsidiaries
           are determined in accordance with the primary economic environment in which they operate, and are translated
           into Renminbi for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements according to Note 4 (b)(ii). The
           consolidated financial statements of the Group are presented in Renminbi and, unless otherwise stated, expressed
           in millions of Renminbi.




                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report     187
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      3      Principle accounting policies
             These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable International Financial
             Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”), and the disclosure
             requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622). These consolidated financial statements also comply
             with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
             Hong Kong Limited.

             These consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by financial
             assets and financial liabilities (including derivative instruments) at fair value through profit or loss and at fair value
             through other comprehensive income, and investment properties, which are carried at fair value.

             The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates.
             It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies. The
             areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant
             to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in Note 5.

             (a)    Standards and amendments effective in 2019 relevant to and adopted by the Group
                    In the current interim period, the Group has adopted the following International Financial Reporting Standards
                    (“IFRSs”) and amendments issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”), that are mandatorily
                    effective for the current year. Descriptions of these standards and amendments were disclosed in the Group’s
                    annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019.

                    IFRS 16                                               Leases
                    IFRIC 23                                              Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments
                    Amendments to IFRS 9                                  Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation
                    Amendments to IFRS 3, IFRS 11, IAS 12 and             IASB Annual Improvements to IFRSs
                      IFRS 11, IAS 12 and IAS 23                            (2015 — 2017 Cycle)
                    Amendments to IAS 28                                  Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures
                    Amendments to IAS 19                                  Employee Benefits’ Regarding Plan Amendment,
                                                                            Curtailment or Settlement

                    The new accounting policies of IFRS 16 – Leases and their impacts are disclosed in Note 3 (c) Changes in
                    accounting policies. The adoption of the other new standards and amendments does not have a significant
                    impact on the operating results, comprehensive income, or financial position of the Group.

             (b)    Standards and amendments relevant to the Group that are not yet effective in the current
                    interim period and have not been adopted before their effective dates by the Group
                    The Group has not adopted the following new and revised IFRSs and IFRS interpretations that have been issued
                    by the International Accounting Standards Board and the International Financial Reporting Interpretations
                    Committee but are not yet effective.

                                                                                                               Effective for the
                                                                                                               year beginning
                                                                                                               on/after
                     Amendments to IFRS 10            Sale or contribution of assets between                   The effective date has
                      and IAS 28                        an investor and its associate or joint venture           been postponed.




188   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



3   Principle accounting policies (Continued)
    (b)   Standards and amendments relevant to the Group that are not yet effective in the current
          interim period and have not been adopted before their effective dates by the Group
          (Continued)
          Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28- Sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or
          joint venture.

          The IASB has made limited scope amendments to IFRS 10 Consolidated financial statements and IAS 28
          Investments in associates and joint ventures.

          The amendments clarify the accounting treatment for sales or contribution of assets between an investor and its
          associates or joint ventures. They confirm that the accounting treatment depends on whether the non-monetary
          assets sold or contributed to an associate or joint venture constitute a ‘business’ (as defined in IFRS 3 Business
          Combinations).

          Where the non-monetary assets constitute a business, the investor will recognise the full gain or loss on the sale
          or contribution of assets. If the assets do not meet the definition of a business, the gain or loss is recognised by
          the investor only to the extent of the other investor’s interests in the associate or joint venture. The amendments
          apply prospectively.

          In December 2015 the IASB decided to defer the application date of this amendment until such time as the
          IASB has finalised its research project on the equity method.

          The adoption of the amendments does not have a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial
          statements.

    (c)   Changes in accounting policies
          The Group adopted IFRS 16 Leases (hereinafter referred to as the “new leasing standard”), with the first
          implementation date on 1 January 2019. This represents a change in accounting policies and adjustments to
          the relevant amounts have been recognised in the financial statements.

          According to the transition requirements of the new leasing standard, the Group did not restate the information
          for the comparative period. Therefore, the reclassifications and adjustments made due to the adoption of the
          new leasing standard are recognised in the balance sheet as at 1 January 2019, and no restatement has been
          made to the comparative financial statements as at 31 December 2018.

          As described above, the Group only makes relevant disclosures on the current period in Note 28.

          The implementation of the new leasing standard also leads to changes in the lease accounting policies of the
          Group as a lessee, and the specific accounting policies applicable to lessee in the current period under the new
          leasing standard are as follows.




                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report      189
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      3      Principle accounting policies (Continued)
             (c)   Changes in significant accounting policies (Continued)
                   Lease
                   A lease is a contract under which the lessor conveys to the lessee the right to use an asset for a period of time
                   in exchange for consideration.

                   The Group as the lessee
                   The Group recognises the right-of-use assets on the commencement date of the lease term and recognises the
                   lease liability at the present value of the lease payments that have not been paid yet. Each lease payment is
                   allocated between the liability and interest expense. The interest expense is charged to profit or loss over the
                   lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each
                   period. The lease payments include fixed payments and payments to be made in the event that it is reasonably
                   determined that the purchase option will be exercised or the lease option is terminated. The lease payments are
                   discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be determined, the lessee’s incremental
                   borrowing rate is used.

                   The Group’s right-of-use assets include leased buildings, land use right, equipments, vehicles and others. The
                   right-of-use assets are initially measured at cost, which includes the initial measurement of the lease liability,
                   the lease payments paid on or before the lease commencement date, and the initial direct costs, less any lease
                   incentives received. If the Group can reasonably expect to obtain the ownership of the leased asset at the
                   expiration of the lease term, it is depreciated over the remaining useful life of the leased asset on a straight-line
                   basis; if it is not possible to reasonably determine whether the ownership of the leased asset can be obtained at
                   the expiration of the lease term, it is depreciated over the shorter period of the lease term and the remaining
                   useful life of the leased assets on a straight-line basis. When the recoverable amount is lower than the carrying
                   amount of an right-of-use asset, the Group writes down the carrying amount to the recoverable amount.

                   For short-term leases with a lease term of no more than 12 months and leases of assets with low values when new,
                   the Group chooses not to recognise the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. Instead, it recognises in each period
                   the relevant rental payments in profit or loss or relevant asset costs on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

                   Land use rights are amortised on a straight-line basis over the respective periods of grant. When the costs
                   attributable to the land use rights cannot be reliably measured and separated from that of the building at inception,
                   the costs are included in the cost of buildings and recorded in property, plant and equipment.

                   Impairment loss on land use rights is accounted for in accordance with the accounting policies as set out in
                   Note 4 (l).




190   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                     (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



3   Principle accounting policies (Continued)
    (c)   Changes in significant accounting policies (Continued)
          Lease (Continued)
          The Group as the lessor
          A lease is classified as either a finance lease or an operating lease. A finance lease is a lease that transfers substantially
          all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of a leased asset to the lessee, irrespective of whether the legal
          title to the asset is eventually transferred. An operating lease is a lease other than a finance lease.

          (i)    Finance leases
                 Where the Group is a lessor under finance leases, an amount representing the sum of the minimum
                 lease receipts and unguaranteed residual value, net of initial direct costs, all discounted at the implicit
                 lease rate (the “net lease investment”), is included in “loans and advances to customers” on consolidated
                 statement of financial position as a finance lease receivable. At the commencement of the lease term, the
                 Group recognises the aggregate of the minimum lease receipts determined at the inception of a lease and
                 the initial direct costs as finance lease receivable. The difference between the net lease investment and
                 the aggregate of their present value is recognised as unearned finance income which is included in “loans
                 and advances to customers” as well. Unrecognised finance income under finance leases is amortised using
                 the effective interest rate method over the lease term. Hire purchase contracts having the characteristics
                 of finance leases are accounted for in the same manner as finance leases.

                 Impairment losses are accounted in accordance with the accounting policies as set out in Note 4 (c)(iii).

          (ii)   Operating leases
                 Where the Group leases out assets under operating leases, the assets are included in the consolidated
                 statement of financial position according to their nature and, where applicable, are depreciated in
                 accordance with the Group’s depreciation policies, as set out in Note 4 (g) except where the asset is
                 classified as an investment property. Impairment losses are accounted in accordance with the accounting
                 policies as set out in Note 4 (l). Revenue arising from operating leases is recognised in accordance with
                 the Group’s revenue recognition policies, as set out in Note 4 (s)(iv).




                                                                                                                  2019 Annual Report       191
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      3      Principle accounting policies (Continued)
             (c)   Changes in significant accounting policies (Continued)
                   (i)    Adjustments due to adoption of the new leasing standard
                          According to the relevant provisions of the new leasing standard, the Group adjusted relevant items in
                          the beginning financial statements as at 1 January 2019 to reflect the cumulative impact of the initial
                          adoption of the standards.

                                                                                        The line items               Amount affected
                            The changes in accounting policies and why                  affected                      1 January 2019
                            For operating lease contracts that existed before the Right-of-use assets                           13,311
                            initial adoption of the new leasing standard, the Group Lease liabilities                           11,120
                            has adopted different methods based on the remaining Other assets                                   (2,191)
                            lease terms:

                            If the remaining lease term is longer than one year,
                            the Group recognises a lease liability based on the
                            remaining lease payments and the incremental
                            borrowing rate on 1 January 2019, and measures the
                            right-of-use asset at an amount equal to the lease
                            liability, adjusted by any prepaid lease payments.

                            If the remaining lease term is less than one year,
                            the Group adopts a simplified method and does not
                            recognise a right-of-use asset or a lease liability, with
                            no significant impact on the financial statements.

                            For operating lease contracts that existed prior to the
                            initial adoption of the new leasing standard where the
                            underlying assets are of low values, the Group adopts a
                            simplified approach and does not recognise the right-
                            of-use assets and lease liabilities, with no significant
                            impact on the financial statements.

                          As at 1 January 2019, for the purpose of measuring lease liabilities, the Group adopted the same discount
                          rate for lease contracts with similar characteristics. The incremental borrowing rates used were from
                          4.57% to 4.76%.

                          As at 1 January 2019, the Group adjusted unsettled minimum operating lease payments disclosed under the
                          original leasing standard to lease liabilities under the new leasing standard. The reconciliation is as follows:

                                                                                                                                  2019
                            Operating lease commitments disclosed as at 31 December 2018                                        12,934
                            Discounted using the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate of
                              at the date of initial application                                                                11,304
                            Add: finance lease liabilities recognised as at 31 December 2018                                        —
                            (Less): short-term leases recognised on a straight-line basis as expense                              (183)
                            (Less): low-value leases recognised on a straight-line basis as expense                                 (1)
                            Lease liability recognised as at 1 January 2019                                                     11,120




192   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                   (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies
    (a)   Consolidated financial statements
          (i)     Business combinations involving enterprises under common control
                  A business combination involving enterprises under common control is a business combination in which
                  all of the combining enterprises are ultimately controlled by the same party or parties both before and
                  after the business combination, and that control is not transitory. The assets and liabilities assumed are
                  measured based on their carrying amounts in the financial statements of the acquiree at the combination
                  date. The difference between the carrying amount of the net assets acquired and the consideration paid
                  for the combination (or the total face value of shares issued) is adjusted against share premium in the
                  capital reserve with any excess adjusted against retained earnings. The issuance costs of equity or debt
                  securities as a part of the consideration for the acquisition are included in the carrying amounts of these
                  equity or debt securities upon initial recognition. Other acquisition-related costs are expensed when
                  incurred. The combination date is the date on which one combining enterprise obtains control of other
                  combining enterprises.

          (ii)    Business combinations not involving entities under common control
                  A business combination involving entities not under common control is a business combination in which
                  all of the combining entities are not ultimately controlled by the same party or parties before the business
                  combination. Where (i) the aggregate of the acquisition date fair value of assets transferred (including
                  the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree), liabilities incurred or assumed, and equity
                  securities issued by the acquirer, in exchange for control of the acquiree, exceeds (ii) the acquirer’s interest
                  in the acquisition date fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets, the difference is recognised as
                  goodwill (Note 4 (j)). If (i) is less than (ii), the difference is recognised in the consolidated statement
                  of profit or loss for the current period. The issuance costs of equity or debt securities as a part of the
                  consideration for the acquisition are included in the carrying amounts of these equity or debt securities
                  upon initial recognition. Other acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. Any difference between
                  the fair value and the carrying amount of the assets transferred as consideration is recognised in the
                  consolidated statement of profit or loss. The acquiree’s identifiable asset, liabilities and contingent
                  liabilities, if the recognition criteria are met, are recognised by the Group at their acquisition date fair
                  value. The acquisition date is the date on which the acquirer obtains control of the acquiree.

                  For a business combination not involving enterprises under common control and achieved in stages, the
                  Group remeasures its previously-held equity interest in the acquiree to its fair value at the acquisition
                  date. The difference between the fair value and the carrying amount is recognised as investment income
                  for the current period; the amount recognised in other comprehensive income relating to the previously-
                  held equity interest in the acquire will be reclassified to profit or loss.

          (iii)   Consolidated financial statements
                  The scope of consolidated financial statements is based on control and the consolidated financial statements
                  comprise the Bank and its subsidiaries, as well as structured entities controlled by the Group. The Group
                  controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the
                  entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. When assessing whether
                  the Bank has power, only substantive rights (held by the Bank and other parties) are considered. The
                  financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date
                  that control commences until the date that control ceases.




                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report      193
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
             (a)   Consolidated financial statements (Continued)
                   (iii)   Consolidated financial statements (Continued)
                           Non-controlling interest is presented separately in the consolidated statement of financial position within
                           owners’ equity. Profit or loss and total comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling equity holders
                           are presented separately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

                           When the amount of loss for the current period attributable to the non-controlling interest of a subsidiary
                           exceeds the non-controlling interest’s portion of the opening balance of equity holders’ equity of the
                           subsidiary, the excess is allocated against the non-controlling interests.

                           When the accounting period or accounting policies of a subsidiary are different from those of the Bank,
                           the Bank makes necessary adjustments to the financial statements of the subsidiary based on the Bank’s
                           own accounting period or accounting policies. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows, and
                           any unrealised profits arising from intra-group transactions, are eliminated in preparing the consolidated
                           financial statements. Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated only limited
                           to the extent that this is no evidence of impairment.

                           Where a subsidiary was acquired during the reporting period, through a business combination involving
                           enterprises under common control, the financial statements of the subsidiary are included in the consolidated
                           financial statements as if the combination had occurred at the date the ultimate controlling party first
                           obtained control. Therefore the opening balances and the comparative figures of the consolidated financial
                           statements are restated.

                           Where a subsidiary was acquired during the reporting period, through a business combination not involving
                           enterprises under common control, the identifiable assets and liabilities of the acquired subsidiaries are
                           included in the scope of consolidation from the date that control commences, based on the fair value of
                           those identifiable assets and liabilities at the acquisition date.

                           Where the Bank acquires a non-controlling interest from a subsidiary’s non-controlling equity holders or
                           disposes of a portion of an interest in a subsidiary without a change in control, the difference between
                           the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the amount of the consideration
                           paid or received is adjusted to capital reserve (share premium) in the consolidated statement of financial
                           position. If the credit balance of capital reserve (share premium) is insufficient, any excess is adjusted
                           to retained earnings.

                           When the Group loses control of a subsidiary due to the disposal of a portion of an equity investment, the
                           Group derecognises assets, liabilities, non-controlling interests and other related items in equity holders’
                           equity in relation to that subsidiary. The remaining equity investment is remeasured at its fair value at
                           the date when control is lost. Any gains or losses therefore incurred are recognised as investment income
                           for the current period when the control is lost.

                           If there is a difference between the accounting entity of a Group and the accounting entity of the bank
                           or a subsidiary on measuring the same transaction, the transaction will be adjusted from the perspective
                           of the Group.




194   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (b)   Foreign currency translations
          (i)    Translation of foreign currency transactions
                 When the Group receives capital in foreign currencies from investors, the capital is translated to Renminbi
                 at the spot exchange rate at the date of the receipt. Other foreign currency transactions are, on initial
                 recognition, translated into Renminbi by applying the spot exchange rates at the dates of the transaction.
                 Monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are translated to Renminbi at the spot exchange rate
                 at the reporting date. The resulting exchange differences are recognised in the consolidated statement
                 of profit or loss. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency
                 are translated to Renminbi using the exchange rate at the transaction date. Non-monetary items that
                 are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the foreign exchange rate at the date
                 the fair value is determined. The differences arising from the translation of financial assets at fair value
                 through other comprehensive income is recognised in other comprehensive income. Changes in the fair
                 value of monetary assets denominated in foreign currency classified as financial assets at fair value through
                 other comprehensive income are analysed between translation differences resulting from changes in the
                 amortised cost of the monetary assets and other changes in the carrying amount. Translation differences
                 related to changes in the amortised cost are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss,
                 and other changes in the carrying amount are recognised in other comprehensive income. The translation
                 differences resulting from other monetary assets and liabilities are recognised in the consolidated statement
                 of profit or loss.

          (ii)   Translation of financial statements denominated in foreign currency
                 Financial statements denominated in foreign currency are translated into Renminbi for the preparation
                 of consolidated financial statements. The assets and liabilities in the financial statements denominated
                 in foreign currency are translated into Renminbi at the spot exchange rates prevailing at the reporting
                 date. The equity items, except for “retained earnings”, are translated to Renminbi at the spot exchange
                 rates at the dates on which such items arose. Income and expenses are translated at exchange rates at the
                 date of the transactions, or a rate that approximates the exchange rates of the date of the transaction.
                 The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

                 Upon disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the translation differences recognised in
                 equity holders’ equity which relates to that foreign operation is transferred to profit or loss in the period
                 in which the disposal occurs.

                 The effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents held or due in a foreign currency are
                 reported in the statement of cash flows.

    (c)   Financial instruments
          Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual
          provisions of the instrument. Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date,
          the date on which the Group commits to purchase or sell asset.




                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report      195
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
             (c)   Financial instruments (Continued)
                   (i)    Initial recognition and classification of financial instruments
                          Financial assets
                          Financial assets are classified on the basis of the Group’s business model for managing the financial asset
                          and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial assets:

                          •      Fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”);

                          •      Fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”); or

                          •      Amortised cost

                          The business model adopted by the Group for managing its financial assets refers to how the Group
                          manages its financial assets in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether the
                          cash flows from the financial assets managed by the Group come from the collection of contractual cash
                          flows, sale of financial assets or a combination of the two methods. In determining the business model for
                          a group of financial assets, the Group considers various factors, including: past experience in collecting
                          cash flows from this group of assets; how to assess the performance of this group of asset and report
                          it to key management personnel; how to assess and manage risks are; and how to compensate people
                          responsible for managing these assets, among others.

                          The contractual cash flow characteristics of financial assets refer to contractual terms as agreed in the
                          financial instrument contracts that reflect the economic characteristics of the financial assets, i.e., the
                          contractual cash flows arising at a specified date from the financial assets at amortised cost or FVOCL are
                          solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. Of which, the principal
                          is the fair value of the financial asset at initial recognition, and the amount of the principal may change
                          over the life of the financial asset, if, e.g., there are repayments of principal; and the interest includes
                          consideration for the time value of money, and credit risk, other basic lending risks and costs associated
                          with holding the financial asset for a particular period of time.

                          Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether
                          their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.

                          The classification requirements for debt instruments and equity instruments are described below:

                          Debt Instruments

                          Debt instruments are those instruments that meet the definition of a financial liability from the issuer’s
                          perspective. Classification and subsequent measurement of debt instruments depend on: i) the Group’s
                          business model for managing the asset; and ii) the cash flow characteristics of asset.

                          Based on these factors, the Group classifies its debt instruments into one of the following three measurement
                          categories:

                          •	Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cashflows where those cash flows
                             represent solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”), and that are not designated at FVPL,
                             are measured at amortised cost.




196   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (c)   Financial instruments (Continued)
          (i)   Initial recognition and classification of financial instruments (Continued)
                Financial assets (Continued)
                Debt Instruments (Continued)

                •      Fair value through other comprehensive income: Financial assets that are held for collection
                       of contractual cash flows and for selling the assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely
                       payments of principal and interest, and that are not designated at FVPL, are measured at FVOCI.

                •      Fair value through profit or loss: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI
                       are measured at FVPL.

                The Group may also irrevocably designate financial assets at fair value through profit or loss if doing
                so significantly reduces or eliminates a mismatch created by assets and liabilities being measured on
                different bases.

                Equity instruments

                An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the Group after
                deducting the liabilities. A financial instrument is an equity instrument if, and only if, both conditions
                i) and ii) below are met:

                i)     The financial instrument includes no contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial
                       asset to another entity, or to exchange financial assets or financial liabilities with another entity
                       under conditions that are potentially unfavorable to the Group; and

                ii)    If the financial instrument will or may be settled in the Group’s own equity instruments, it is
                       a non-derivative instrument that includes no contractual obligations for the Group to deliver a
                       variable number of its own equity instruments; or a derivative that will be settled only by the
                       Group exchanging a fixed amount of cash or another financial asset for a fixed number of its own
                       equity instruments.

                Equity investments of the Group are measured at FVPL, except where the Group’s management has
                elected, at initial recognition, to irrevocably designate an equity investment at FVOCI. The Group’s
                policy is to designate equity investments as FVOCI when those investments are held for purposes other
                than trading. After designation, the fair value change is recognised in the other comprehensive income
                and it is not allowed to subsequently reclassify to profit or loss (including upon disposal). Impairment
                loss and reversal of impairment is not presented separately in the financial statement and is included in
                the fair value change. Dividend income as the return from investments is recognised by the Group when
                the right to receive is formed

                Financial liabilities
                The Group’s financial liabilities are classified into financial liabilities at FVPL and other financial liabilities
                carried at amortised cost on initial recognition. Financial liabilities at FVPL is applied to derivatives,
                financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated as such at initial recognition.




                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report       197
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
             (c)   Financial instruments (Continued)
                   (i)    Initial recognition and classification of financial instruments (Continued)
                          Financial liabilities (Continued)
                          The Group may, at initial recognition, irrevocably designate a financial liability as measured at fair value
                          through profit or loss when doing so results in more relevant information, because either:

                          (i)    it eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would
                                 otherwise arise; or

                          (ii)   a group of financial liabilities or financial assets and financial liabilities is managed and its
                                 performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with a documented risk management
                                 or investment strategy, and information about the Group is provided internally on that basis to
                                 the Group’s key management personnel.

                   (ii)   Measurement of financial assets
                          Initial measurement
                          Financial assets at FVPL are stated at fair value. Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss,
                          transaction costs that are directly attributable to profit or loss. Financial assets not at fair value through
                          profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of the financial assets.

                          Subsequent measurement
                          Subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on the categories:

                          Financial assets and financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
                          The amortised cost is the amount at which the financial asset is measured at initial recognition: i) minus
                          the principal; ii) plus or minus the cumulative amortisation using the effective interest method of any
                          difference between that initial amount and maturity amount; iii) for financial assets, adjusted for any
                          loss allowance.

                          The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts
                          through the expected life of the financial asset to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset (i.e. its
                          amortised cost before any impairment allowance). The calculation does not consider expected credit losses
                          (‘ECL’) and includes transaction costs, premiums or discounts and fees and points paid or received that
                          are integral to the effective interest rate. For purchased or originated credit-impaired (‘POCI’) financial
                          assets – assets that are credit-impaired at initial recognition – the Group calculates the credit-adjusted
                          effective interest rate, which is calculated based on the amortised cost of the financial asset instead of this
                          gross carrying amount and incorporates the impact of ECL in estimated future cash flows.

                          Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the carrying amount of a financial
                          asset, except for:

                          i)     a POCI financial asset, whose interest income is calculated, since initial recognition, by applying
                                 the credit-adjusted effective interest rate to its amortised cost; and

                          ii)    a financial assets that is not a POCI financial asset but has subsequently become credit-impaired,
                                 whose interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to its amortised cost. If, in
                                 a subsequent period, the financial asset improves its quality so that it is no longer credit-impaired
                                 and the improvement in credit quality can be related objectively to a certain event occurring after
                                 the application of the above-mentioned rule, then the interest income can again be calculated
                                 by applying the effective interest rate to its gross carrying amount. Interest income from these
                                 financial assets is included in ‘interest income’ using the effective interest rate method.



198   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                   (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (c)   Financial instruments (Continued)
          (ii)   Measurement of financial assets (Continued)
                 Subsequent measurement
                 For floating-rate financial assets and floating-rate financial liabilities, periodic re-estimation of cash flows
                 to reflect the movements in the market rates of interest alters the effective interest rate. If a floating-
                 rate financial asset or a floating rate financial liability is recognised initially at an amount equal to the
                 principal receivable or payable on maturity, re-estimating the future interest payments normally has no
                 significant effect on the carrying amount of the asset or the liability.

                 If the Group revises its estimates of payments or receipts, the difference between the gross carrying amount
                 of the financial asset or amortised cost of a financial liability calculated from revised estimated contractual
                 cash flows and the present value of the estimated future contractual cash flows that are discounted at the
                 financial instrument’s original effective interest rate should be recognised in profit or loss.

                 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
                 Debt instruments
                 Movements in the carrying amount are taken through other comprehensive income, except for the
                 recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses on the
                 instrument’s amortised cost which are recognised in profit or loss.

                 When the financial assets is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in other
                 comprehensive income is reclassified from equity to profit or loss and recognised in ‘Net investment
                 income’. Interest income from these financial assets is included in ‘Interest income’ using the effective
                 interest rate method.

                 Equity instruments
                 Where an investment in an equity investment not held for trading is designated as a financial asset
                 measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, the fair value changes of the financial asset
                 is recognised in the other comprehensive income. When the financial asset is derecognised, the cumulative
                 gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified from other comprehensive
                 income to retained earnings. The dividends on the investment are recognised in profit or loss only when
                 the Group’s right to receive payment of the dividends is established.

                 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are stated at fair value and a gain or loss on a financial
                 assets that is measured at fair value should be recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report      199
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
             (c)   Financial instruments (Continued)
                   (ii)    Measurement of financial assets (Continued)
                           Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
                           Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are measured at fair value with all gains or losses
                           recognised in the profit or loss of the current period, except for financial liabilities designated as at fair
                           value through profit or loss, where gains or losses on the financial liabilities are treated as follows:

                           •      changes in fair value of such financial liabilities due to changes in the Group’s own credit risk are
                                  recognised in other comprehensive income; and

                           •      other changes in fair value of such financial liabilities are recognised in profit or loss of the current
                                  period.

                   (iii)   Impairment of financial assets
                           The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the ECL associated with its debt instrument assets carried
                           at amortised cost and FVOCI and with exposure arising from loan commitments, financial guarantee
                           contracts and lease receivables.

                           ECL is the weighted average of credit losses with the respective risks of a default occurring as the weights.
                           Credit loss is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance
                           with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, ie, all cash shortfalls, discounted
                           at the original effective interest rate (or credit-adjusted effective interest rate for POCI financial assets).

                           The Group measures ECL of a financial instrument in a way that reflects:

                           •      an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of possible
                                  outcomes;

                           •      the time value of money; and

                           •      reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort at the
                                  reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

                           Detailed information about ECL in the above areas is set out in note 55 (a).

                           The Group applies the impairment requirements for the recognition and measurement of a loss allowance
                           for debt instruments that are measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. The loss
                           allowance is recognised in other comprehensive income and the impairment loss is recognised in profit
                           or loss, and it should not reduce the carrying amount of the financial asset in the consolidated statement
                           of financial position.

                           If the Group has measured the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to lifetime
                           ECL in the previous reporting period, but determines at the current reporting date that the credit risk
                           on the financial instruments has increased significantly since initial recognition is no longer met, the
                           Group measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to 12-months ECL at the current reporting date
                           and the amount of ECL reversal is recognise in profit or loss.

                           At the reporting date, the Group only recognises the cumulative changes in lifetime ECL since initial
                           recognition as a loss allowance for POCI financial assets. At each reporting date, the Group recognises
                           in profit or loss the amount of the changes in lifetime ECL as an impairment gain or loss.




200   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                   (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (c)   Financial instruments (Continued)
          (iv)   Modification of loans
                 The Group sometimes renegotiates or otherwise modifies the contractual cash flows of loans to customers.
                 When this happens, the Group assesses whether or not the new terms are substantially different to the
                 original terms. The Group does this by considering, among others, the following factors:

                 •      If the borrower is in financial difficulty, whether the modification merely reduces the contractual
                        cash flows to amounts the borrower is expected to be able to pay.

                 •      Whether any substantial new terms are introduced, such as a profit share/equity-based return that
                        substantially affects the risk profile of the loan.

                 •      Significant extension of the loan term when the borrower is not in financial difficulty.

                 •      Significant change in the interest rate.

                 •      Change in the currency the loan is denominated in.

                 •      Insertion of collateral, other security or credit enhancements that significantly affect the credit
                        risk associated with the loan.

                 If the terms are substantially different, the Group derecognises the original financial asset and recognises a
                 ‘new’ asset at fair value and recalculates a new effective interest rate for the asset. The date of renegotiation is
                 consequently considered to be the date of initial recognition for impairment calculation purposes, including
                 for the purpose of determining whether a significant increase in credit risk has occurred. However, the
                 Group also assesses whether the new financial asset recognised is deemed to be credit-impaired at initial
                 recognition, especially in circumstances where the renegotiation was driven by the debtor being unable
                 to make the originally agreed payments. Differences in the carrying amount are also recognised in profit
                 or loss as a gain or loss on derecognition.

                 If the terms are not substantially different, the renegotiation or modification does not result in derecognition,
                 and the Group recalculates the gross carrying amount based on the revised cash flows of the financial asset
                 and recognises a modification gain or loss in profit or loss. The new gross carrying amount is recalculated
                 by discounting the modified cash flows at the original effective interest rate (or credit-adjusted effective
                 interest rate for POCI financial assets).

          (v)    Derivatives and hedges
                 Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date on which the derivative contract is entered
                 into and are subsequently remeasured at fair value. All derivatives are carried as assets when fair value is
                 positive and as liabilities when fair value is negative.

                 Certain derivatives are embedded in hybrid contracts, such as the conversion option in a convertible
                 bond. If the hybrid contract contains a host that is a financial asset, then the Group assesses the entire
                 contract as described in the financial assets section above for classification and measurement purposes.
                 Otherwise, the embedded derivatives are treated as separate derivatives when:

                 •      Their economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to those of the host contract;

                 •      A separate instrument with the same terms would meet the definition of a derivative; and

                 •      The hybrid contract is not measured at fair value through profit or loss.




                                                                                                               2019 Annual Report       201
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
             (c)   Financial instruments (Continued)
                   (v)    Derivatives and hedges (Continued)
                          These embedded derivatives are separately accounted for at fair value, with changes in fair value recognised
                          in the statement of profit or loss unless the Group chooses to designate the hybrid contracts at fair value
                          through profit or loss.

                          The method of recognising the resulting fair value gain or loss depends on whether the derivative is
                          designated and qualifies as a hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged. The
                          Group designates certain derivatives as hedges of the fair value of recognised assets or liabilities or firm
                          commitments for fair value hedges.

                          The Group documents, at the inception of the hedge, the relationship between hedged items and
                          hedging instruments, as well as its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge
                          transactions. The Group also documents its assessment, both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis,
                          of whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting changes
                          in fair values or cash flows of hedged items.

                          Fair value hedge
                          Changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges are recorded
                          in the statement of profit or loss, together with changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability
                          that are attributable to the hedged risk.

                          If the hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, the adjustment to the carrying amount
                          of a hedged item for which the effective interest method is used is amortised to profit or loss over the
                          period to maturity and recorded as net interest income.




202   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                   (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (c)   Financial instruments (Continued)
          (vi)    Derecognition of financial assets
                  Financial assets
                  The Group derecognises a financial asset only when (1) the contractual rights to the cash flows from
                  the asset expire, or (2) when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards
                  of ownership of the asset to another entity, or (3) when it transfers the financial asset and gives up the
                  control of the transferred assets though the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks
                  and rewards of ownership.

                  Where a transfer of a financial asset in its entirety meets the criteria for de-recognition, the difference
                  between the two amounts below is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit and loss:

                  —      the carrying amount of the financial asset transferred;

                  —      the sum of the consideration received from the transfer and the cumulative gain or loss that has
                         been recognised directly in equity.

                  If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues
                  to control the transferred asset, the Group continues to recognise the asset to the extent of its continuing
                  involvement and recognises an associated liability.

                  Financial liabilities
                  Financial liabilities are derecognised when the related obligation is discharged, is cancelled or expires.
                  An agreement between the Group and an existing lender to exchange the original financial liability with
                  a new financial liability with substantially different terms, or a substantial modification of the terms of
                  an existing financial liability is accounted for as an extinguishment of the original financial liability and
                  recognition of a new financial liability.

                  The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration
                  paid and payable is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit and loss.

          (vii)   Securitisation
                  As part of its operations, the Group securitises financial assets, generally through the sale of these assets
                  to structured entities which issue securities to investors. When the securitisation of financial assets that
                  qualify for de-recognition, the relevant financial assets are de-recognised in their entirety and a new financial
                  asset or liabilities is recognised regarding the interest in the unconsolidated securitisation vehicles that the
                  Group acquired. When the securitisation of financial assets that do not qualify for de-recognition, the
                  relevant financial assets are not derecognised, and the consideration paid by third parties are recorded as
                  a financial liability. When the securitisation of financial assets that partially qualify for de-recognition,
                  where the Group has not retained control, it derecognises these financial assets and recognises separately
                  as assets or liabilities any rights and obligations created or retained in the transfer. Otherwise the Group
                  continues to recognise these financial assets to the extent of its continuing involvement in the financial asset.




                                                                                                              2019 Annual Report      203
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
             (c)   Financial instruments (Continued)
                   (viii) Sales of assets on condition of repurchase
                          De-recognition of financial assets sold on condition of repurchase is determined by the economic
                          substance of the transaction. If a financial asset is sold under an agreement to repurchase the same or
                          substantially the same asset at a fixed price or at the sale price plus a reasonable return, the Group will
                          not derecognise the asset. If a financial asset is sold together with an option to repurchase the financial
                          asset at its fair value at the time of repurchase (in case of transferor sells such financial asset), the Group
                          will derecognise the financial asset.

                   (ix)   Presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities
                          Financial assets and financial liabilities are presented separately in the consolidated statement of financial
                          position and are not offset. However, financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount
                          is reported in the consolidated statement of financial position only if the Group has a legally enforceable
                          right to set off the recognised amounts and the transactions are intended to be settled on a net basis, or
                          by realising the asset and settling the liability simultaneously.

                   (x)    Financial assets held under resale and financial assets sold under repurchase agreements
                          Financial assets held under resale agreements are transactions which the Group acquires financial assets
                          which will be resold at a predetermined price in the future date under resale agreements. Financial assets
                          sold under repurchase agreements are transactions which the Group sells financial assets which will be
                          repurchased at a predetermined price in the future date under repurchase agreements.

                          Cash advanced or received is recognised as amounts held under resale and repurchase agreements on
                          the consolidated statement of financial position. Assets held under resale agreements are recorded in
                          memorandum accounts as off-balance sheet items. Assets sold under repurchase agreements continue to
                          be recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position.

                          The difference between the resale and repurchase consideration, and that between the purchase and sale
                          consideration, should be expired over the period of the respective transaction using the effective interest
                          method and are included in interest expense and interest income, respectively.

                   (xi)   Equity instrument
                          The consideration received from the issuance of equity instruments net of transaction costs is recognised
                          in equity. Consideration and transaction costs paid by the Bank for repurchasing self-issued equity
                          instruments are deducted from equity holder’s equity.

             (d)   Precious metals
                   Precious metals comprise gold and other precious metals. Precious metals that are not related to the Group’s
                   precious metals trading activities are initially measured at acquisition cost and subsequently measured at the
                   lower of cost and net realisable value. Precious metals acquired by the Group for trading purposes and precious
                   metals leasing are initially measured at fair value and subsequent changes in fair value are recorded in the
                   consolidated statement of profit or loss.




204   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (e)   Interests in subsidiaries
          In the Bank’s consolidated statement of financial position, interests in subsidiaries are accounted for using the
          cost less impairment losses (see Note 4 (l)). Cost includes direct attributable costs of investment. Dividends
          declared by subsidiaries are recognised in investment income.

          Determination of investment cost
          For long-term equity investments acquired through a business combination: for long-term equity investments
          acquired through a business combination involving enterprises under common control, the investment cost
          shall be the absorbing party’s share of the carrying amount of owners’ equity of the party being absorbed at the
          combination date; for long-term equity investment acquired through a business combination involving enterprises
          not under common control, the investment cost shall be the combination cost.

          For long-term equity investments acquired not through a business combination: for long-term equity investment
          acquired by payment in cash, the initial investment cost shall be the purchase price actually paid; for long-term
          equity investments acquired by issuing equity securities, the initial investment cost shall be the fair value of the
          equity securities issued.

    (f)   Interests in associates and joint ventures
          An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. A joint venture is an arrangement
          whereby the Group and other parties contractually agree to share control of the arrangement, and have rights
          to the net assets of the arrangement.

          When acquiring associates and joint ventures, the Group recognises as initial investment cost in the principle
          which: for the investments obtained by making payment in cash, the Group recognises the purchase cost which
          is actually paid as initial investment costs; for the investments obtained by equity securities, the Group recognises
          the fair value of the equity securities issued as initial investment cost.

          An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method, unless the investment
          is classified as held for sale.

          The Group adopts the following accounting treatments when using the equity method:

          —      Where the initial investment cost of an associate or joint venture exceeds the Group’s interest in the
                 fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets at the date of acquisition, the investment is initially
                 recognised at the initial investment cost. Where the initial investment cost is less than the Group’s
                 interest in the fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets at the date of acquisition, the investment
                 is initially recognised at the investor’s share of the fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets, and
                 the difference is charged to profit or loss.

          —      After the acquisition of the investment, the Group recognises its share of the investee’s profit or loss
                 and other comprehensive income as investment income or losses and other comprehensive income
                 respectively, and adjusts the carrying amount of the investment accordingly. Once the investee declares
                 any cash dividends or profit distributions, the carrying amount of the investment is reduced by that
                 amount attributable to the Group. Changes in the Group’s share of the investee’s owners’ equity, other
                 than those arising from the investee’s profit or loss, other comprehensive income or profit distribution,
                 is recognised in the Group’s equity, and the carrying amount of the investment is adjusted accordingly.




                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report      205
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
             (f)   Interests in associates and joint ventures (Continued)
                   —      The Group recognises its share of investee’s profits or losses, other comprehensive income and other
                          changes in equity holders’ equity after making appropriate adjustments to align the accounting policies
                          or accounting periods with those of the Group based on the fair value of the investee’s identifiable net
                          assets at the date of acquisition. Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the
                          Group and its associates or joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interests in the
                          associates or joint ventures. When an entity in the Group transacts with the Group’s associate, profits
                          and losses resulting from the transaction are recognised in the Group’s consolidated financial statements
                          only to the extent of the interest in the associate that are not related to the Group. Unrealised losses are
                          eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred.

                   —      The Group discontinues recognising its share of net losses of investees after the carrying amount of
                          investment to the associates and joint ventures and any long-term interest that in substance forms part
                          of the Group’s net interest in the associates and joint ventures are reduced to zero, except to the extent
                          that the Group has an obligation to assume additional losses. Additional loss is recognised only to the
                          extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of that
                          associate. Where profits are subsequently made by the associates and joint ventures, the Group resumes
                          recognising its share of those profits only after its share of the profits equals the share of losses not
                          recognised.

                   Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of an investee
                   but does not have control or joint control over those policies.

                   The Group makes provisions for impairment of interests in associates and joint ventures in accordance with the
                   principles described in Note 4 (l).

             (g)   Property, plant and equipment
                   Property, plant and equipment is asset held by the Group for the conduct of business and is expected to be used
                   for more than one year. Construction-in-progress, an item of property, represents property under construction
                   and is transferred to property when ready for its intended use.

                   (i)    Cost
                          Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost upon initial recognition. Costs of a purchased property,
                          plant and equipment comprise purchase price, related taxes, and any directly attributable expenditures for
                          bringing the asset to working condition for its intended use. Costs of a self-constructed property, plant
                          and equipment comprise construction materials, direct labor costs and those expenditures necessarily
                          incurred for bringing the asset to working condition for its intended use.

                          Subsequent to initial recognition, property, plant and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated
                          depreciation and impairment losses.

                          Where an item of property, plant and equipment comprises major components having different useful
                          lives, they are accounted for as separate items of property, plant and equipment.

                   (ii)   Subsequent costs
                          The Group recognises in the carrying amount of an item of property, plant and equipment the cost of
                          replacing part of such an item when that cost is incurred if it is probable that the future economic benefits
                          embodied with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All
                          other costs are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as an expense when incurred.




206   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                   (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (g)   Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
          (iii)   Depreciation
                  Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost, less residual value if applicable, of property, plant and
                  equipment and is charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of each
                  part of an item of property, plant and equipment.

                  The estimated useful lives are as follows:

                                                                       Estimated               Estimated
                                                                      useful lives         residual value      Depreciation rate
                   Buildings                                       30 - 35 years                 0%-5%            2.71%-3.33%
                   Computer equipment and others                    3 - 10 years                0%-10%           9.00%-33.33%

                  No depreciation is provided in respect of construction in progress.

                  The residual value and useful lives of assets are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, as of each reporting
                  date.

          (iv)    Impairment
                  Impairment losses on property, plant and equipment are accounted for in accordance with the accounting
                  policies as set out in Note 4 (l).

          (v)     Disposal and retirement
                  Gains or losses arising from the disposal or retirement of property, plant and equipment are determined as
                  the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognised
                  in the consolidated statement of profit or loss on the date of disposal or retirement.

    (h)   Intangible assets
          Intangible assets are initially recognised at cost. The cost less estimated net residual values (if any) of the intangible
          assets is amortised on a straight-line basis over their useful lives, and charged to profit or loss. Impaired intangible
          assets are amortised net of accumulated impairment losses.

          Impairment loss on intangible assets is accounted for in accordance with the accounting policies as set out in
          Note 4 (l). Impaired intangible assets are amortised net of accumulated impairment losses.

          Intangible assets which are not yet available for use should be estimated at least at each financial year-end, even
          if there was no indication that the assets were impaired.




                                                                                                              2019 Annual Report       207
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
             (i)   Investment properties
                   Investment properties are land and/or buildings which are owned and/or held under a leasehold interest to earn
                   rental income and/or for capital appreciation.

                   The Group’s investment properties are accounted for using the fair value model for subsequent measurement
                   when either of the following conditions is met:

                   —      There is an active property market in the location in which the investment property is situated;

                   —      The Group can obtain the market price and other relevant information regarding the same type of or
                          similar properties from the property market, so as to reasonably estimate the fair value of the investment
                          property.

                   Investment properties are stated at fair value in the consolidated statement of financial position. Any gain or loss
                   arising from a change in fair value or from the retirement or disposal of an investment property is recognised
                   in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

                   When there is a change in use of properties from owner-occupation to earn rentals or for capital appreciation,
                   the investment property transferring from property, plant and equipment or intangible assets is measured at fair
                   value on the date of transfer. If the fair value on the transferred investment property is lower than the carrying
                   amount of property, plant and equipment or intangible assets on the date of transfer, the difference is recognised
                   in profit or loss, otherwise in the comprehensive income.

                   When an investment property is sold, transferred, retired or damaged, the Group recognises the amount of any
                   proceeds on disposal, net of the carrying amount and related expenses, in the consolidated statement of profit
                   and loss.

             (j)   Goodwill
                   Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of a business combination over the Group’s interest in the fair value
                   of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. Goodwill is not amortised. Goodwill arising from a business combination
                   is allocated to each cash-generating unit (“CGU”) or a group of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from the
                   synergies of the combination. The Group performs impairment test on goodwill annually.

                   Any excess of the Group’s interest in the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets over the cost of
                   a business combination is recognised immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

                   On disposal of the related CGU or a group of CGUs, any attributable amount of the purchased goodwill net
                   of allowance for impairment losses, if any, is included in the calculation of the profit or loss on disposal.

                   Impairment loss on goodwill is accounted in accordance with the accounting policies as set out in Note 4 (l).




208   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (k)   Repossessed assets
          In the recovery of impaired loans and advances, the Group may take possession of assets held as collateral
          through court proceedings or voluntary delivery of possession by the borrowers. Where it is intended to achieve
          an orderly realisation of the impaired assets and the Group is no longer seeking repayment from the borrower,
          repossessed assets are reported in “other assets”.

          When the Group seizes assets to compensate for the losses of loans and advances and interest receivables, the
          repossessed assets are initially recognised at fair value and any taxes that are directly attributable to the assets,
          and other expenses incurred for collecting the repossessed assets.

          When the fair value less costs to sell is lower than a repossessed asset’s carrying amount, an impairment loss
          is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Repossessed assets are recognised at the carrying
          value, net of allowance for impairment losses.

          The repossessed assets are disposed after acquisition and cannot be used without authorisation. The repossessed
          assets that are transferred to own use are treated as newly purchased property, plant and equipment.

          Any gain or loss arising from the disposal of the repossessed assets is included in the consolidated statement of
          profit or loss in the period in which the item is disposed.

    (l)   Allowance for impairment of non-financial assets
          (i)    Impairment of non-financial assets other than goodwill
                 At the end of each reporting period, the Group assesses whether there is any indication that a non-
                 financial asset other than goodwill such as investments in associates and joint ventures, property, plant and
                 equipment, investment properties, intangible assets and other assets may be impaired. If any indication
                 exists that an asset may be impaired, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the asset.

                 The recoverable amount of an asset is the higher of its fair value less costs to sell and the present value
                 of the future cash flows expected to be derived from the asset. The Group considers all relevant factors
                 in estimating the present value of future cash flows, such as the expected future cash flows, the useful
                 life and the discount rate.

                 If the recoverable amount of an asset is less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset is
                 reduced to its recoverable amount. That reduction is recognised as an impairment loss in the consolidated
                 statement of profit or loss.

          (ii)   Impairment of goodwill
                 For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to the
                 CGU or the group of CGUs that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.

                 A CGU is the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that is largely independent
                 of the cash flows from other assets or groups of assets.

                 The CGU or the group of CGUs to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment by the
                 Group annually, or whenever there is an indication that the CGU or the group of CGUs are impaired,
                 by comparing the carrying amount of the CGU or the group of CGUs, including the goodwill, with the
                 recoverable amount of the CGU or the group of CGUs. The recoverable amount of the CGU or the
                 group of CGUs are the estimated future cash flows, which are discounted to their present value using a
                 discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific
                 to the CGU or the group of CGUs with allocated goodwill.




                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report      209
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
             (l)   Allowance for impairment of non-financial assets (Continued)
                   (ii)   Impairment of goodwill (Continued)
                          At the time of impairment testing of a CGU or a group of the CGUs to which goodwill has been allocated,
                          there may be an indication of an impairment of an asset within the CGU containing the goodwill. In
                          such circumstances, the Group tests the asset for impairment first, and recognises any impairment loss
                          for that asset before testing for impairment on the CGU or group of the CGUs containing the goodwill.
                          Similarly, there may be an indication of an impairment of a CGU within a group of the CGUs containing
                          the goodwill. In such circumstances, the Group tests the CGU for impairment first, and recognises any
                          impairment loss for that CGU, before testing for impairment the group of CGUs to which the goodwill
                          is allocated.

                          For a CGU or a group of CGUs, the amount of impairment loss firstly reduces the carrying amount
                          of any goodwill allocated to the CGU or the group of CGUs, and then reduces the carrying amount
                          of other assets (other than goodwill) within the CGU or the group of CGUs, pro rata on the basis of
                          the carrying amount of each asset. The carrying amount of an asset should not be reduced below the
                          highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable); its value in use (if determinable) and zero.

                          An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.

             (m) Fair value measurement
                   Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
                   in the principal (or most advantageous) market at the measurement date under current market conditions
                   (i.e. an exit price) regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation
                   technique (Note 57).

             (n)   Employee benefits
                   (i)    Short-term employee benefits
                          During the accounting period when an employee has rendered service to the Group, the Group recognises
                          the undiscounted amount of short-term employee benefits as a liability and as an expense, unless another
                          IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefits in the cost of an asset. Short-term employee benefits
                          include wages, bonuses, labor union expenses and employee education expenses, social insurance such as
                          medical insurance, work-related injury insurance and maternity insurance, as well as housing provident
                          funds, which are all calculated based on the regulated benchmark and ratio.

                   (ii)   Post-employment benefits: Defined contribution plans
                          Pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC, the Group participated in a defined contribution
                          basic pension insurance in the social insurance system established and managed by government organisations.
                          The Group makes contributions to basic pension insurance plans based on the applicable benchmarks
                          and rates stipulated by the government. Basic pension insurance contributions are charged to profit or
                          loss when the related services are rendered by the employees.

                          In addition to the statutory provision plan, the Bank’s employees have joined its annuity scheme (the
                          “scheme”) which was established by the CITIC Group Corporation (“CITIC Group”) in accordance with
                          policies regarding the state owned enterprise annuity policy. The Bank has made annuity contributions
                          in proportion to its employee’s gross salaries which are expensed in the consolidated statement of profit
                          or loss when the contributions are made.

                          The Group operates a defined contribution provident fund and a Mandatory Provident Fund scheme
                          for Hong Kong staff. Contributions are charged to profit or loss as and when the contribution fall due.




210   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (n)   Employee benefits (Continued)
          (iii)   Post-employment benefits: Defined benefit plans
                  The defined benefit plans of the Group are supplementary retirement benefits provided to the domestic
                  employees.

                  The Group adopts the projected unit credit actuarial cost method, using unbiased and mutually compatible
                  actuarial assumptions to estimate the demographic and financial variables, to measure the obligation
                  associated in the defined benefits plan. The discounted present value of the defined benefit obligation,
                  is recognised as the liabilities of the defined benefit plans.

                  The Group recognises the obligation of defined benefit plans in the accounting period in which the
                  employees render the related services. Past-service costs are recognised immediately in the consolidated
                  statement of profit or loss. The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net
                  balance of the defined benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets. This cost is included in
                  employee benefit expense in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Re-measurement arising from
                  experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are charged or credited to equity in other
                  comprehensive income in the period in which they arise.

    (o)   Government grants
          Government grants are transfers of monetary assets or non-monetary assets from the government to the Group
          at no consideration except for any capital contribution from the government as an investor in the Group. Special
          funds such as investment grants allocated by the government, if clearly defined in official documents as part of
          “capital reserve” are dealt with as capital contributions, and not regarded as government grants.

          Government grants are recognised when there is reasonable assurance that the grants will be received and that
          the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to the grants. Government grants are measured at the
          amount received or will be received when recognised as monetary assets. Government grants are measured at
          fair value when recognised as non-monetary assets.

          The grants related to assets are government grants whose primary condition is that an entity qualifying for them
          should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire long-term assets. The grants related to income are government
          grants other than those related to assets. A government grant related to an asset is recognised initially as deferred
          income and amortised to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the asset. A grant that
          compensates the Group for expenses to be incurred in the subsequent periods is recognised initially as deferred
          income and recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the same periods in which the expenses
          are recognised. A grant that compensates the Group for expenses incurred is recognised in the consolidated
          statement of profit or loss immediately. The Group uses the same statement method for similar government grants.

          The prime based loan of the Group is calculated based on actual incoming loan as entry value and preferential
          interest rate. The direct interest charges against the cost of loan.




                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report      211
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
             (p)   Financial guarantee contracts and loan commitments
                   A financial guarantee contract is a contract that requires the issuer to make specified payments to reimburse
                   the holder for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payment when due, in accordance with
                   the terms of a debt instrument.

                   Financial guarantees are initially recognised at fair value on the date the guarantee was given. Subsequent
                   to initial recognition, the Group’s liabilities under such guarantees are measured at the higher of the initial
                   amount, less amortisation of guarantee fees, and the best estimate of the expected credit loss provision required
                   to settle the guarantee. Any increase in the liability relating to guarantees is taken to the consolidated statement
                   of profit and loss.

                   The impairment allowance of loan commitments provided by the Group is measured by ECL. The Group has
                   not provided any commitment to provide loans at a below-market interest rate, or that can be settled net in
                   cash or by delivering or issuing another financial instrument.

                   For loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts, the loss allowance is recognised as a provision. However,
                   for contracts that include both a loan and an undrawn commitment and the Group can not separately identify
                   the ECL on the undrawn commitment component from those on the loan component, the ECL on the undrawn
                   commitment are recognised together with the loss allowance for the loan. To the extent that the combined ECL
                   exceed the gross carrying amount of the loan, the ECL are recognised as a provision.

             (q)   Provisions and contingent liabilities
                   A provision is recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position when the Group has a present legal
                   or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits
                   will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. A provision is initially measured
                   at the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the related present obligation. Factors pertaining to a
                   contingency such as the risks, uncertainties and time value of money are taken into account as a whole in reaching
                   the best estimate. Where the effect of the time value of money is material, the best estimate is determined by
                   discounting the related future cash outflows. The Group recognise the loss allowance of financial guarantee
                   contracts measured by ECL as a provision.

                   A contingent liability is (a) a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence can only be
                   confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the
                   control of the Group; or (b) a present obligation that arises from past events and it is not probable that an
                   outflow of economic benefits is required to settle the obligation; or the amount of the obligation cannot be
                   measured reliably. Such liability is disclosed as contingent liabilities under Note 51.

             (r)   Fiduciary activities
                   The Group acts in a fiduciary capacity as a custodian, trustee, or an agent for customers. Assets held by the
                   Group and the related undertakings to return such assets to customers are excluded from the consolidated
                   financial statements as the risks and rewards of the assets reside with the customers.

                   Entrusted lending is the business where the Group enters into entrusted loan agreements with customers, whereby
                   the customers provide funding (the “entrusted funds”) to the Group, and the Group grants loans to third parties
                   (the “entrusted loans”) at the instruction of the customers. As the Group does not assume the risks and rewards
                   of the entrusted loans and the corresponding entrusted funds, entrusted loans and funds are recorded as off-
                   balance sheet items at their principal amounts and no impairment assessments are made for these entrusted loans.




212   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (s)   Income recognition
          Revenue is the gross inflow of economic benefit arising in the course of the Group’s ordinary activities when
          those inflows result in increases in equity, other than increases relating to contributions from owners. Revenue
          is recognised when the controls of related products or services is obtained and satisfy the other conditions for
          different type of revenues as below.

          (i)     Interest income
                  Interest income of financial assets is calculated using the effective interest method and included in the
                  profit and loss.

                  The accounting policies about interest income of financial assets measured at amortised cost refer to
                  note 4 (c)(ii).

          (ii)    Fee and commission income
                  Fee and commission income is recognized when the Group fulfills its performance obligation, either over
                  time or at a point in time when a customer obtains control of the service. Origination or commitment
                  fees received by the Group which result in the creation or acquisition of a financial asset are deferred and
                  recognised as an adjustment to the effective interest rate. If the commitment expires without the Group
                  making a loan or anticipating will not, the fee is recognised as revenue on expiry.

          (iii)   Dividend income
                  Dividend income is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss on the date when the
                  Group’s right to receive payment is established.

          (iv)    Rental income from operating lease
                  Rental income received under operating leases is recognised as other operating income in equal instalments
                  over the periods covered by the lease term, except where an alternative basis is more representative of
                  the pattern of benefits to be derived from the leased asset. Lease incentives granted are recognised in the
                  consolidated statement of profit or loss as an integral part of the aggregate net lease payments receivable.

          (v)     Finance income from finance lease and hire purchase contract
                  Finance income implicit in finance lease and hire purchase payments is recognised as interest income
                  over the period of the leases so as to produce an approximately constant periodic rate of return on the
                  outstanding net investment in the leases for each accounting period.




                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report     213
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
             (t)   Income tax
                   Current tax and deferred tax are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss except to the extent
                   that they relate to a business combination or items recognised directly in equity (including other comprehensive
                   income).

                   Current income tax is the expected tax payables on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or
                   substantially enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payables in respect of previous periods.
                   Deferred tax is provided for temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for
                   financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Temporary differences also arise from
                   unused tax losses and unused tax credits. Deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the initial
                   recognition of goodwill, the deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an
                   asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects
                   neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. A deferred tax asset is recognised to the extent that it is probable
                   that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be utilised.

                   Deferred income tax liabilities are provided on taxable temporary differences arising from investments in
                   subsidiaries, associates and joint arrangements, except for deferred income tax liability where the timing of the
                   reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by the Group and it is probable that the temporary difference
                   will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred income tax assets are recognised on deductible temporary
                   differences arising from investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures arrangements only to the
                   extent that it is probable the temporary difference will reverse in the future and there is sufficient taxable profit
                   available against which the temporary difference can be utilised.

                   At the reporting date, deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected
                   to apply to the period when the asset is realised or the liability is settled according to the requirements of tax
                   laws. The Group also considers the possibility of realisation and the settlement of deferred tax assets and deferred
                   tax liabilities in the calculation.

                   Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets against deferred tax liabilities if
                   the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and meet the
                   additional conditions that deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same authority
                   on the same taxable entity.

             (u)   Cash equivalents
                   Cash equivalents are short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of
                   cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, with original maturity of three months
                   or less at acquisition.

             (v)   Profit distribution
                   Proposed dividends for ordinary shares which are declared and approved after the end of each reporting period
                   are not recognised as a liability in the consolidated statement of financial position and are instead disclosed as
                   a subsequent event after the end of each reporting period in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
                   Dividends payable are recognised as liabilities in the period in which they are approved.

                   As authorised by the shareholders’ annual general meeting, the Board of Directors has the sole discretion to
                   declare and distribute dividends on preference shares. Preference share dividend distribution is recognised as a
                   liability in the consolidated financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved.

             (w) Related parties
                   If the Group has the power, directly or indirectly, to control, jointly control or exercise significant influence
                   over another party, or vice versa, or where the Group and one or more parties are subject to common control,
                   jointly control from another party, they are considered to be related parties. Related parties may be individuals
                   or enterprises.


214   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
               Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



4   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)
    (x)    Operating segments
           An operating segment is a component of the Group that satisfies all of the following conditions: (1) the component
           is able to earn revenues and incur expenses from its ordinary activities; (2) whose operating results are regularly
           reviewed by the Group’s management to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and to
           assess its performance, and (3) for which the information on financial position, operating results and cash flows
           is available to the Group. If two or more operating segments have similar economic characteristics and satisfy
           certain conditions, they are aggregated into one single operating segment.

           Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the Group’s
           chief operating decision-maker for the purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance. The Group
           considers the business from different perspectives including products and services and geographic areas. The
           operating segments that meet the specified criteria have been aggregated, and the operating segments that meet
           quantitative thresholds have been reported separately.

           Inter-segment revenues are measured on the basis of actual transaction price for such transactions for segment
           reporting, and segment accounting policies are consistent with those for the consolidated financial statements.

5   Critical accounting estimates and judgements
    Preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions
    that affect the application of policies and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses. The
    estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are believed to be
    reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the judgments about carrying values
    of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

    The estimates and associated key assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
    recognised in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods affected.

    (i)    Measurement of the expected credit loss allowance
           The measurement of the expected credit loss allowance for financial assets of debt instruments and off balance
           sheet credit assets measured at amortised cost and FVOCI is an area that requires the use of complex models and
           significant assumptions about future economic conditions and credit behaviour (e.g. the likelihood of customers
           defaulting and the resulting losses). Explanation of the inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques used in
           measuring ECL is further detailed in note 55 (a).

           A number of significant judgements are also required in applying the accounting requirements for measuring
           ECL, such as:

           •      Segmentation of portfolio sharing similar credit risk characteristics for the purposes of measuring ECL;

           •      Choosing appropriate models and assumptions for the measurement of ECL;

           •      Criteria for determining whether or not there was a significant increase in credit risk, or a default or
                  impairment loss was incurred;

           •      Economic indicators for forward-looking measurement, and the application of economic scenarios and
                  weightings;

           •      Management overlay for asset portfolios whose non-linear risk characteristics cannot be adequately reflected
                  through impairment models; and

           •      Discounted cash flows model is applicable to assets related to corporate client in stage 3.

           Detailed information about the judgements and estimates made by the Group in the above areas is set out in
           note 55 (a).


                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report      215
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      5      Critical accounting estimates and judgements (Continued)
             (ii)   Classification of financial assets
                    The critical judgments the Group has in determining the classification of financial assets include analysis of
                    business models and characteristics of contractual cash flows.

                    The Group determines the business model for managing financial assets at the level of financial asset portfolio.
                    The factors considered include evaluation and reporting of financial asset performance to key management
                    personnel, risks affecting the performance of financial assets and their management methods, and related business
                    management personnel. The way to get paid, etc.

                    When assessing whether the contractual cash flow of financial assets is consistent with the basic lending
                    arrangement, the Group has the following main judgments: Whether the principal may be subject to change in
                    the duration or amount of money due to prepayments during the duration; Wether interests is only included
                    currency time value, credit risk, other basic borrowing risks, and considerations for costs and profits. For example,
                    Wether the amount paid in advance reflect only the outstanding principal and interest on the outstanding
                    principal, as well as reasonable compensation for early termination of the contract.

             (iii) Fair value of financial instruments
                    For financial instruments without active market, the Group determines fair values using valuation techniques
                    which include discounted cash flow models, as well as other types of valuation models. Assumptions and inputs
                    used in valuation techniques include risk-free and benchmark interest rates, credit spreads and foreign currency
                    exchange rates. Where discounted cash flow techniques are used, estimated cash flows are based on management’s
                    best estimates and the discount rate used is a market rate at the end of each reporting period applicable for
                    an instrument with similar terms and conditions. Where other pricing models are used, inputs are based on
                    observable market data at the end of each reporting period. However, where market data are not available,
                    management needs to make estimates on such unobservable market inputs based on assumptions. Changes in
                    assumptions about these factors could affect the estimated fair value of financial instruments.

             (iv) De-recognition of financial assets
                    In its normal course of business, the Group transfers financial assets through various types of transactions
                    including regular way sales and transfers, securitisation, financial assets sold under repurchase agreements and
                    etc.. The Group applies significant judgement in assessing whether it has transferred these financial assets which
                    qualify for a full or partial de-recognition.

                    Where the Group enters into structured transactions by which it transferred financial asset to structured entities,
                    the Group analyses whether the substance of the relationship between the Group and these structured entities
                    indicates that it controls these structured entities to determine whether the Group needs to consolidate these
                    structured entities. This will determine whether the following de-recognition analysis should be conducted at
                    the consolidated level or at the entity level from which the financial assets was transferred.

                    The Group analyses the contractual rights and obligations in connection with such transfers to determine whether
                    the de-recognition criteria are met based on the following considerations:

                    —      whether it has transferred the rights to receive contractual cash flows from the financial assets or the
                           transfer qualified for the “pass through” of those cash flows to independent third parties;

                    —      the extent to which the associated risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets are transferred by
                           using appropriate models. Significant judgment is applied in the Group’s assessment with regard to the
                           parameters and assumptions applied in the models, estimated cash flows before and after the transfers,
                           the discount rates used based on current market interest rates, variability factors considered and the
                           allocation of weightings in different scenarios;

                    —      where the Group neither retained nor transferred substantially all of the risks and rewards associated with
                           their ownership, the Group analyses whether the Group has relinquished its controls over these financial
                           assets, and if the Group has continuing involvement in these transferred financial assets.


216   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



5   Critical accounting estimates and judgements (Continued)
    (v)   Consolidation of structured entities
          The Group makes significant judgment to assess whether or not to consolidate structured entities. When
          performing this assessment, the Group:

          —      assesses its contractual rights and obligations in light of the transaction structures, and evaluates the
                 Group’s power over the structured entities;

          —      performs independent analyses and tests on the variable returns from the structured entities, including
                 but not limited to commission income and asset management fees earned, retention of residual income,
                 and, if any, liquidity and other support provided to the structured entities; and

          —      assesses its ability to exercise its power to influence the variable returns assessed whether the Group
                 acts as a principal or an agent through analysis of the scope of the Group’s decision-making authority,
                 remuneration entitled, other interests the Group holds, and the rights held by other parties.

    (vi) Income taxes
          Determining income tax provisions involves judgement on the future tax treatment of certain transactions. There
          are certain transactions and activities for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary
          course of business. The Group carefully evaluates the tax implications of transactions and tax provisions are set up
          accordingly. The tax treatment of such transactions is reconsidered periodically to take into account all changes
          in tax legislations. Deferred tax assets are recognised for temporary deductible differences. As those deferred tax
          assets can only be recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against
          which the unused tax credits can be utilised, management’s judgement is required to assess the probability of
          future taxable profits. Management’s assessment is constantly reviewed and additional deferred tax assets are
          recognised if it becomes probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax assets to be recovered.




                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report      217
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      6      Net interest income
                                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                             2019                      2018
               Interest income arising from (Note (i)):
               Deposits with central banks                                                                                  5,949                      7,049
               Deposits with banks and non-bank financial institutions                                                      1,741                      2,472
               Placements with and loans to banks and non-bank
                 financial institutions                                                                                     6,326                      8,203
               Financial assets held under resale agreements                                                                  753                        987
               Loans and advances to customers
                 — corporate loans                                                                                      101,049                      95,562
                 — personal loans                                                                                        84,748                      69,541
                 — discounted bills                                                                                       9,094                       8,645
               Financial investments
                 — at amortised cost                                                                                      38,238                     32,881
                 — at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                       20,584                     16,534
               Others                                                                                                         16                         59
               Subtotal                                                                                                 268,498                     241,933
               Interest expense arising from:
               Borrowings from central banks                                                                              (8,118)                     (8,937)
               Deposits from banks and non-bank financial institutions                                                   (24,869)                    (26,389)
               Placements from banks and non-bank financial institutions                                                  (3,522)                     (3,389)
               Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                                                          (1,679)                     (1,623)
               Deposits from customers                                                                                   (80,272)                    (66,254)
               Debt securities issued                                                                                    (22,186)                    (22,416)
               Lease liabilities                                                                                            (548)                         —
               Others                                                                                                        (33)                        (13)
               Subtotal                                                                                                (141,227)                    (129,021)
               Net interest income                                                                                      127,271                     112,912

             Note:


             (i)     Interest income from impaired financial assets is RMB361 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 (2018: RMB375 million).




218   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                       (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



7   Net fee and commission income
                                                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                              2019                             2018
      Fee and commission income:
      Bank card fees                                                                                                       34,800                            24,516
      Commission for custodian business and other fiduciary                                                                 3,835                             6,044
      Agency fees and commission (Note (i))                                                                                 7,345                             4,839
      Guarantee and advisory fees                                                                                           4,898                             5,613
      Settlement and clearance fees                                                                                         1,322                             1,269
      Others                                                                                                                   84                               318
      Total                                                                                                                52,284                            42,599
      Fee and commission expense                                                                                           (5,900)                           (5,591)
      Net fee and commission income                                                                                        46,384                            37,008

    Note:


    (i)       Agency fees and commission represent fees earned for sale of bonds, investment funds and insurance products, and provision of entrusted lending activities.


8   Net trading gain
                                                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                              2019                             2018
      Debt securities and certificates of interbank deposit                                                                  2,783                            3,897
      Foreign currencies                                                                                                     2,194                            1,983
      Derivatives and related exposures                                                                                        252                              552
      Financial instrument designated at fair value through profit or loss                                                      —                                87
      Total                                                                                                                  5,229                            6,519


9   Net gain from investment securities
                                                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                              2019                             2018
      Financial investments
        — at fair value through profit or loss                                                                               7,329                            7,745
        — at amortised cost                                                                                                    188                             (494)
        — at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                                  (1,878)                          (1,416)
      Revaluation gain/(loss) on transfer out of equity at disposal                                                          2,187                             (262)
      Net gain from bills rediscounting                                                                                        560                              134
      Net loss from securitisation of financial assets                                                                          (7)                           3,181
      Others                                                                                                                   250                              158
      Total                                                                                                                  8,629                            9,046




                                                                                                                                              2019 Annual Report            219
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      10 Net hedging loss
                                                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                2019                           2018
               Net loss of fair value hedge                                                                                         (2)                            (1)


      11 Operating expenses
                                                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                2019                           2018
               Staff costs
                 — salaries and bonuses                                                                                      22,320                         22,196
                 — welfare expenses                                                                                           1,262                          1,400
                 — social insurance                                                                                           1,490                          1,469
                 — housing fund                                                                                               1,250                          1,300
                 — labour union expenses and employee education expenses                                                        462                            416
                 — housing allowance                                                                                              8                            196
                 — other short-term benefits                                                                                     87                             61
                 — post-employment benefits — defined contribution plans                                                      2,770                          2,453
                 — post-employment benefits — defined benefit plans                                                             (14)                           102
                 — other long-term benefits                                                                                       1                              6
               Subtotal                                                                                                      29,636                         29,599
               Property and equipment expenses
                 — depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                         3,275                             —
                 — depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                               1,742                          1,830
                 — rent and property management expenses                                                                       1,492                          4,972
                 — amortisation expenses                                                                                       1,049                          1,112
                 — electronic equipment operating expenses                                                                       547                            458
                 — maintenance                                                                                                   728                            485
                 — others                                                                                                        405                            398
               Subtotal                                                                                                        9,238                          9,255
               Tax and surcharges                                                                                             1,854                          1,699
               Other general operating and administrative expenses (Note (i))                                                13,440                         12,047
               Total                                                                                                         54,168                         52,600

             Note:


             (i)       Included in other general operating and administrative expenses were audit fees of RMB21 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 (2018: RMB20
                       million) and non-audit fees of RMB8 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 (2018: RMB21 million).




220   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
              Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



11 Operating expenses (Continued)
    (a)      Individuals with highest emoluments
             For the year ended 31 December 2019, of the 5 individuals with the highest emoluments in the Group, there
             was no director (2018: Nil) and no supervisor (2018: Nil). The aggregate of the emoluments before individual
             income tax in respect of the other five (2018: five) highest paid individuals of the Group were as follows:

                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                                            2019                    2018
                                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000
              Basic salaries, housing allowances, other allowances and
                benefits in kind                                                            24,897                  20,089
              Discretionary bonuses                                                         19,804                  18,452
              Contribution to pension scheme                                                 1,761                   1,438
              Total                                                                         46,462                  39,979

             The emoluments before individual income tax of the five individuals of the Group with the highest emoluments
             are within the following bands:

                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                                              2019                    2018
              RMB5,000,001 — RMB10,000,000                                                        3                       3
              RMB10,000,001 — RMB15,000,000                                                       2                       2

             No inducement fee and compensation for loss of office was paid to the five highest paid individuals for the year
             ended 31 December 2019 (2018: Nil).

12 Credit impairment losses
                                                                                     31 December             31 December
                                                                                            2019                    2018

     Deposits with banks and non-bank financial institutions                                     67                     11
     Placements with and loans to banks and non-bank
       financial institutions                                                                  (84)                     (1)
     Financial assets held under resale agreements                                              43                     (33)
     Interest receivables                                                                    2,103                   3,034
     Loans and advances to customers                                                        68,793                  47,753
     Financial investments
       — at amortised cost                                                                   3,589                     999
       — at fair value through other comprehensive income                                      678                      75
     Other receivables                                                                         390                   6,098
     Off-balance sheet items                                                                 1,100                     (50)
     Total                                                                                  76,679                  57,886




                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report     221
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      13 Impairment losses on other assets
                                                                                         31 December            31 December
                                                                                                2019                   2018
              Other assets-repossessed assets                                                     576                    347


      14 Income tax
             (a)   Recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                         Note                    2019                   2018
                     Current tax
                       — Mainland China                                                        16,073                 12,680
                       — Hong Kong                                                                501                    561
                       — Overseas                                                                  33                     46
                     Deferred tax                                        30(c)                 (9,056)                (4,337)
                     Total                                                                      7,551                  8,950

                   Mainland China and Hong Kong income tax have been provided at the rate of 25% and 16.5% respectively.
                   Overseas tax has been provided at the rate of taxation prevailing in the regions in which the Group operates
                   respectively.

             (b)   Reconciliation between income tax expense and accounting profit
                                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2019                   2018
                     Profit before tax                                                         56,545                 54,326
                     Income tax calculated at PRC statutory tax rate                           14,136                 13,581
                     Effect of different tax rates in other regions                              (263)                  (286)
                     Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                        282                    274
                     Tax effect of non-taxable income
                       — interest income arising from PRC government bonds
                              and local government bonds                                       (4,893)                 (3,353)
                       — the dividends of funds                                                (1,620)                 (1,209)
                       — others                                                                   (91)                    (57)
                     Income tax                                                                 7,551                  8,950




222   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
              Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                   (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



15 Other comprehensive income, net of tax
                                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                          2019                            2018
      Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
      Changes on the measurement of defined benefit plans, net of tax
         — net changes recognised during the year before tax                                                                  —                                9
         — income tax                                                                                                         —                               (2)
      Fair value changes on financial asset designated at fair value
         through other comprehensive income, net of tax
         — net changes in fair value recognised during the year before tax                                              (1,052)                               15
         — income tax                                                                                                      263                                (4)
      Transfer from owner-occupied property to investment property
         — net changes during the year before tax                                                                             —                               65
      Subtotal                                                                                                             (789)                              83
      Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
      Other comprehensive income transferable to profit or loss
         under equity method
         — net changes during the year                                                                                        —                              (10)
      Fair value changes on financial assets at fair value through
         other comprehensive income, net of tax (Note(i))
         — net changes during the year before tax                                                                        4,425                          13,300
         — net amount transferred to profit or loss                                                                     (2,187)                            149
         — Income tax                                                                                                     (524)                         (3,409)
      Credit impairment allowance on financial assets at fair value
         through other comprehensive income (Note(ii))
         — net changes during the year                                                                                      927                             173
         — Income tax                                                                                                      (242)                            (33)
      Exchange differences on translation                                                                                   592                          2,209
      Subtotal                                                                                                           2,991                          12,379
      Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                                                             2,202                          12,462

    Note:


    (i)     Fair value changes on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income include those of financial investments and loans and advances to
            customers at fair value through other comprehensive income (Note 22 (a)).


    (ii)    Credit impairment allowance include financial investments and loans and advances to customers at fair value through other comprehensive income (Note
            22 (a)).




                                                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report            223
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      16 Earnings per share
             Earnings per share information for the year ended 31 December 2019 and 2018 is computed by dividing the profit for
             the year attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank by the weighted average number of shares in issue during
             the year.

             The Bank issued non-cumulative preference shares during the year ended 31 December 2016, under the terms and
             conditions as detailed in Note 43 (i). The Bank declared and paid cash dividends of RMB1,330 million of non-
             cumulative preference shares for the year of 2019 (2018: 1,330 million).

             The conversion feature of preference shares is considered to fall within contingently issuable ordinary shares. The
             triggering events of conversion did not occur as at 31 December 2019, therefore the conversion feature of preference
             shares has no effect on the basic and diluted earnings per share calculation.

             The diluted earnings per share is calculated on the assumption that the RMB40 billion A-share convertible corporate
             bonds publicly issued by the Bank on 4 March 2019 are deemed to have all been converted to ordinary shares upon
             issuance, and by dividing, after adjustments for the interest expenses of the convertible corporate bonds for the period,
             the net profit of the year attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank, by the adjusted weighted average number
             of ordinary shares outstanding during the year.

                                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                      2019                     2018
              Profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the Bank                        48,015                   44,513
              Less: dividend attributable to preference shareholders of the Bank                     1,330                    1,330
              Profit for the year attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank                 46,685                   43,183
              Weighted average number of shares (in million shares)                                 48,935                   48,935
              Basic earnings per share (in RMB)                                                        0.95                    0.88
              Diluted earnings per share (in RMB)                                                      0.89                    0.88




224   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                        (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



17 Cash and balances with central banks
                                                                                                                   31 December                      31 December
                                                                                            Notes                         2019                             2018
      Cash                                                                                                                    6,345                            6,188
      Balances with central banks
        — statutory deposit reserve funds                                                     (i)                         354,074                           399,797
        — surplus deposit reserve funds                                                      (ii)                          97,602                           128,423
        — fiscal deposits                                                                    (iii)                          1,890                             2,816
        — foreign exchange reserve                                                           (iv)                           3,080                             1,289
      Accrued interest                                                                                                           167                              195
      Total                                                                                                               463,158                           538,708

    Notes:


    (i)       The Group places statutory deposit reserve funds with the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) and overseas central banks where it has operations. The
              statutory deposit reserve funds are not available for use in the Group’s daily business.


              As at 31 December 2019, the statutory deposit reserve funds placed with the PBOC was calculated at 9% (as at 31 December 2018: 12%) of eligible
              Renminbi deposits for domestic branches of the Bank and at 9% (as at 31 December 2018: 12%) of eligible Renminbi deposits from overseas financial
              institutions. The Bank was also required to deposit an amount equivalent to 5% (as at 31 December 2018: 5%) of its foreign currency deposits from
              domestic branch customers as statutory deposit reserve funds.


              As at 31 December 2019, the statutory RMB deposit reserve rates applicable to Zhejiang Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank Corporation Limited in mainland
              China, a subsidiary of the Group, was at 7.5% (as at 31 December 2018: 9%).


              The amounts of statutory deposit reserve funds placed with the central banks of overseas countries are determined by respective jurisdictions. The statutory
              deposit reserve funds are interest bearing except for the foreign currency reserve funds deposits placed with the PBOC.


    (ii)      The surplus deposit reserve funds are maintained with the PBOC for the purposes of clearing.


    (iii)     Fiscal deposits placed with the PBOC are not available for use in the Group’s daily operations, and are non-interest bearing.


    (iv)      The foreign exchange reserve is maintained with the PBOC in accordance with the related notice issued by the PBOC. The reserve is payable on a monthly
              basis at 20% of the total contract amount of customers driven forward transactions in the previous month for the period of application. Such foreign
              exchange reserve is non-interest bearing and will be repayable in 12 months according to the Notice.




                                                                                                                                               2019 Annual Report            225
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      18 Deposits with banks and non-bank financial institutions
             (a)   Analysed by types and locations of counterparties
                                                                                                               31 December                     31 December
                                                                                          Note                        2019                            2018
                     In Mainland China
                       — banks                                                                                          89,740                         44,318
                       — non-bank financial institutions                                                                 5,188                         21,028
                     Subtotal                                                                                           94,928                         65,346
                     Outside Mainland China
                      — banks                                                                                           25,785                         31,984
                      — non-bank financial institutions                                                                     11                          1,783
                     Subtotal                                                                                           25,796                         33,767
                     Accrued interest                                                                                        715                           114
                     Gross balance                                                                                     121,439                         99,227
                     Less: Allowances for impairment losses                                 32                            (142)                           (74)
                     Net balance                                                                                       121,297                         99,153


             (b)   Analysed by remaining maturity
                                                                                                               31 December                     31 December
                                                                                          Note                        2019                            2018
                     Demand deposits (Note (i))                                                                         39,638                         65,023
                     Time deposits with remaining maturity
                       — within one month                                                                                1,620                         22,256
                       — between one month and one year                                                                 79,466                         11,834
                     Subtotal                                                                                           81,086                         34,090
                     Accrued interest                                                                                        715                           114
                     Gross balance                                                                                     121,439                         99,227
                     Less: Allowances for impairment losses                                 37                            (142)                           (74)
                     Net balance                                                                                       121,297                         99,153

                   Note:


                   (i)     As at 31 December 2019, the carrying amount of pledged deposits with banks and other financial institutions was RMB849 million (as at 31
                           December 2018: RMB1,343 million). These deposits were mainly maintenance margin with a regulatory body.




226   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                    (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



19 Placements with and loans to banks and non-bank financial institutions
    (a)   Analysed by types and locations of counterparties
                                                                       31 December            31 December
                                                       Note                   2019                   2018
           In Mainland China
             — banks                                                         22,773                 13,680
             — non-bank financial institutions                              119,330                113,351
           Subtotal                                                         142,103                127,031
           Outside Mainland China
            — banks                                                          61,306                 48,421
            — non-bank financial institutions                                    —                      —
           Subtotal                                                          61,306                 48,421
           Accrued interest                                                   1,219                    873
           Gross balance                                                    204,628                176,325
           Less: Allowances for impairment losses       32                      (81)                  (165)
           Net balance                                                      204,547                176,160


    (b)   Analysed by remaining maturity
                                                                       31 December            31 December
                                                       Note                   2019                   2018
           Within one month                                                 126,867                112,284
           Between one month and one year                                    62,092                 63,168
           Over one year                                                     14,450                     —
           Accrued interest                                                   1,219                    873
           Gross balance                                                    204,628                176,325
           Less: Allowances for impairment losses       32                      (81)                  (165)
           Net balance                                                      204,547                176,160




                                                                                          2019 Annual Report    227
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      20 Derivatives
             Derivatives include forward, swap and option transactions undertaken by the Group in foreign exchange, precious
             metals, interest rate and credit derivatives related to trading, asset and liability management and customer initiated
             transactions. The Group, through the operations of its branch network, acts as an intermediary for a wide range of
             customers for structuring deals to offer risk management solutions to match individual customer needs. These positions
             are actively managed through hedging transactions with external parties to ensure the Group’s net exposures are within
             acceptable risk levels. The Group also uses these derivatives for proprietary trading purposes and to manage its own asset
             and liability and structural positions. Derivatives, except for those which are designated as hedging instruments (Note
             20(c)), are held for trading. Derivatives classified as held for trading are for trading and customer initiated transactions
             purpose, and those for risk management purposes but do not meet the criteria for hedge accounting.

             The contractual/notional amounts of derivatives provide a basis for comparison with fair values of derivatives recognised
             on the consolidated statement of financial position but do not necessarily indicate the amounts of future cash flows
             involved or the current fair values of the derivatives and, therefore, do not indicate the Group’s exposure to credit or
             market risks.

                                                            31 December 2019                              31 December 2018
                                                      Nominal                                      Nominal
                                                       amount       Assets   Liabilities            amount        Assets   Liabilities
              Hedging instruments (Note 20(c))
               — interest rate derivatives               2,890             15             17          8,385             96              8
              Non-Hedging instruments
               — interest rate derivatives           2,883,406          5,188         5,159      1,837,247          6,010          5,966
               — currency derivatives                1,513,070         11,700        10,928      2,595,674         24,826         24,501
               — precious metal derivatives             12,715            214           732         58,644          1,048          1,170
               — credit derivatives                         —              —             —             820             11              1
              Total                                  4,412,081         17,117        16,836      4,500,770         31,991         31,646


             (a)      Nominal amount analysed by remaining maturity
                                                                                                 31 December                 31 December
                                                                                                        2019                        2018
                       Within three months                                                           1,746,119                 1,921,744
                       Between three months and one year                                             1,753,923                 2,033,875
                       Between one year and five years                                                 896,911                   542,276
                       Over five years                                                                  15,128                     2,875
                       Total                                                                         4,412,081                 4,500,770


             (b)      Credit risk weighted amounts
                      The credit risk weighted amount has been computed in accordance with the Regulation Governing Capital of
                      Commercial Banks (Provisional) promulgated by the CBIRC in the year of 2012, and depends on the status of
                      the counterparties and the maturity characteristics of the instruments, including those customer-driven back-to-
                      back transactions. As at 31 December 2019, the total amount of credit risk weighted amount for counterparty
                      was RMB14,631 million (as at 31 December 2018: RMB20,158 million).

             (c)      Fair value hedge
                      A subsidiary of the Group utilises fair value hedge to eliminate the effect of fair value changes of financial assets
                      and financial liabilities caused by market interest rate fluctuations. Interest rate swap contracts are used for
                      hedging interest risks arising from debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income, certificates
                      of deposit and subordinated bonds issued.




228   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                              (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



21 Financial assets held under resale agreements
    (a)   Analysed by types and locations of counterparties
                                                                                  31 December             31 December
                                                                  Note                   2019                    2018
           In Mainland China
             — banks                                                                     10,001                   3,402
             — non-bank financial institutions                                               —                    6,428
           Subtotal                                                                      10,001                   9,830
           Outside Mainland China
            — banks                                                                           —                     958
           Accrued interest                                                                   —                        6
           Gross balance                                                                 10,001                  10,794
           Less: Allowance for impairment losses                   32                       (47)                     (4)
           Net balance                                                                    9,954                  10,790


    (b)   Analysed by types of collateral
          As at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, the collateral type of financial asset under resale agreements
          of the Group are all debt instruments. The collateral received by the Group in resale transactions are disclosed
          in Note 52 Collateral.

    (c)   Analysed by remaining maturity
          As at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, the financial assets held under resale agreements of the Group
          all mature within one month.




                                                                                                      2019 Annual Report     229
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      22 Loans and advances to customers
             (a)   Analysed by nature
                                                                               31 December    31 December
                                                                       Notes          2019           2018
                     Loans and advances to customers at
                       amortised cost
                     Corporate loans and advances
                       — loans                                                   1,911,597      1,833,171
                       — discounted bills                                            3,787        146,414
                       — finance lease receivables and payment for
                             resale arrangement                                     43,000         47,817
                     Subtotal                                                    1,958,384      2,027,402
                     Personal loans and advances
                       — residential mortgages                                     776,657        643,407
                       — credit cards                                              514,657        442,493
                       — personal consumption                                      205,483        203,853
                       — business loans                                            227,102        194,737
                     Subtotal                                                    1,723,899      1,484,490
                     Accrued interest                                               10,104          8,338
                     Gross balance                                               3,692,387      3,520,230
                     Less: Allowances for impairment losses on loans    32
                       — principal                                                (115,403)      (101,022)
                       — interest                                                      (86)           (78)
                     Loans and advances to customers at
                       amortised cost, net                                       3,576,898      3,419,130
                     Loans and advances to customers at fair value
                       through other comprehensive income
                       — loans                                                         922            137
                       — discounted bills                                          307,867         96,383
                     Carrying amount of loans and advances at fair
                       value through other comprehensive income                    308,789         96,520
                       — fair value changes through comprehensive
                             income                                                    (48)           (21)
                     Loans and advances to customers at fair value
                       through profit or loss
                     Personal loans and advances
                       — residential mortgages                                       6,915             —
                     Total                                                       3,892,602      3,515,650
                     Allowances for impairment losses on loans and
                       advances to customers at fair value through
                       other comprehensive income                       32            (467)          (132)




230   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                            (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



22 Loans and advances to customers (Continued)
    (b)   Analysed by assessment method of allowance for impairment losses
                                                                          31 December 2019
                                                                                        Stage three
                                                         Stage one       Stage two       (Note (i))           Total
           Gross loans and advances to customers
             at amortised costs                         3,516,330          96,397           69,556        3,682,283
           Accrued interest                                 9,320             773               11           10,104
           Less: Allowance for impairment losses          (35,562)        (26,088)         (53,839)        (115,489)
           Carrying amount of loans and advances to
             customers measured at Amortised cost       3,490,088          71,082             15,728      3,576,898
           Carrying amount of loans and advances to
             customers at fair value through other
             comprehensive income                         308,712              48                29         308,789
           Total                                        3,798,800          71,130             15,757      3,885,687
           Allowances for impairment losses on loans
              and advances to customers at fair value
              through other comprehensive income             (453)             —                 (14)          (467)

                                                                           31 December 2018
                                                                                         Stage three
                                                         Stage one       Stage two        (Note (i))           Total
           Gross loans and advances to customers
             at amortised costs                         3,353,529           92,949           65,414       3,511,892
           Accrued interest                                 7,592             727                19           8,338
           Less: Allowance for impairment losses         (31,940)         (22,788)         (46,372)       (101,100)
           Carrying amount of loans and
             advances to customers measured
             at Amortised cost                          3,329,181          70,888           19,061       3,419,130
           Carrying amount of loans and advances
             to customers at fair value through
             other comprehensive income                    96,520              —                 —          96,520
           Total                                        3,425,701          70,888           19,061       3,515,650
           Allowances for impairment losses on
             loans and advances to customers
             at fair value through other
             comprehensive income                            (132)             —                 —             (132)




                                                                                                   2019 Annual Report   231
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      22 Loans and advances to customers (Continued)
             (b)   Analysed by assessment method of allowance for impairment losses (Continued)
                   Notes:


                   (i)       Stage 3 loans are loans and advances to customers that have incurred credit impairment.


                                                                                                                              31 December                     31 December
                                                                                                                                     2019                             2018

                               Secured portion                                                                                     41,596                           37,648
                               Unsecured portion                                                                                   27,989                           27,766

                               Gross balance                                                                                       69,585                           65,414
                               Allowance for impairment losses                                                                    (53,853)                         (46,372)



                             As at 31 December 2019, the maximum exposure covered by pledge and collateral held of secured portion is RMB40,206 million (as at 31
                             December 2018: RMB35,221 million).


                             The fair value of collateral was estimated by management based on the latest revaluation including available external valuation, if any, adjusted
                             by taking into account the current realisation experience as well as market situation.


             (c)   Overdue loans analysed by overdue period
                                                                                                    31 December 2019
                                                                                    Overdue               Overdue
                                                             Overdue           between three           between one
                                                          within three           months and                year and Overdue over
                                                              months                one year            three years   three years                                   Total
                     Unsecured loans                             17,173                   10,511                      1,507                   144                29,335
                     Guaranteed loans                            10,353                    6,350                      4,191                   230                21,124
                     Loans with pledged
                       assets
                       — loans secured by
                              collateral                         23,901                   11,134                  10,810                    2,012                47,857
                       — pledged loans                            2,439                    1,865                   1,288                      101                 5,693
                     Total                                       53,866                   29,860                  17,796                    2,487              104,009

                                                                                                    31 December 2018
                                                                                     Overdue               Overdue
                                                             Overdue            between three          between one
                                                          within three            months and               year and Overdue over
                                                              months                 one year            three years  three years                                   Total
                     Unsecured loans                                9,221                   9,602                     1,977                   493                 21,293
                     Guaranteed loans                               9,284                   8,292                     6,639                   627                 24,842
                     Loans with pledged
                       assets
                       — loans secured by
                              collateral                          16,428                  13,339                  12,008                    2,367                 44,142
                       — pledged loans                             2,457                   1,959                   1,752                      114                  6,282
                     Total                                        37,390                  33,192                  22,376                    3,601                 96,559

                   Overdue loans represent loans of which the principal or interest are overdue one day or more.




232   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                              (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



22 Loans and advances to customers (Continued)
    (d)   Finance lease receivables and Payment for resale arrangement
          Finance lease receivables and payment for resale arrangement transactions are attributable to the Group’s
          subsidiaries, CITIC Financial Leasing Limited (“CFLL”) and CITIC International Finance Holdings Limited
          (“CIFH”), include net investment in machines and equipment leased to customers under finance lease and hire
          purchase contracts which have the characteristics of finance leases. These contracts usually run for an initial
          period from 1 to 25 years. The total finance lease receivables and payment for resale arrangement transactions
          under finance lease and hire purchase contracts and their present values are as follows:

                                                                                 31 December             31 December
                                                                                        2019                    2018
           Within one year (including one year)                                         11,619                  11,826
           One year to two years (including two years)                                   9,935                   9,866
           Two years to three years (including three years)                              6,689                   7,863
           Over three years                                                             14,757                  18,262
           Gross balance                                                                43,000                  47,817
           Less: Allowance for impairment losses
                 — stage one                                                               (690)                (1,001)
                 — stage two                                                             (1,153)                  (429)
                 — stage three                                                             (150)                  (100)
           Net balance                                                                  41,007                  46,287




                                                                                                     2019 Annual Report     233
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      23 Financial investments
             (a)   Analysed by types
                                                                                31 December    31 December
                                                                         Note          2019           2018
                     Financial assets at fair value through
                       profit or loss
                     Investment funds                                               218,491        189,176
                     Debt securities                                                 42,870         71,920
                     Certificates of deposit                                         46,792         16,713
                     Equity instruments                                               8,424          4,461
                     WMPs and investments through
                       structured entities                                             952             116
                     Trust investment plans (Note(i))                                   17          26,486
                     Net balance                                                    317,546        308,872
                     Financial assets at amortised cost
                     Debt securities                                                574,644        381,688
                     Investment management products managed by
                       securities companies (Note(i))                               186,217        228,502
                     Trust investment plans (Note(i))                               160,248        151,582
                     Certificates of deposit                                             —          11,406
                     Subtotal                                                       921,109        773,178
                     Accrued interest                                                 9,901          8,430
                     Less: Allowance for impairment losses               32          (6,776)        (3,370)
                            — principles                                             (6,758)        (3,355)
                            — accrued interests                                         (18)           (15)
                     Net balance                                                    924,234        778,238
                     Financial assets at fair value through other
                       comprehensive income (Note(ii))
                     Debt securities                                                616,794        491,015
                     Certificates of deposit                                          4,866         12,644
                     Subtotal                                                       621,660        503,659
                     Accrued interest                                                 7,120          6,687
                     Net balance                                                    628,780        510,346
                     Allowances for impairment losses on financial
                       investments at fair value through other
                       comprehensive income                              32          (1,631)        (1,039)
                     Financial assets designated at fair value through
                       other comprehensive income (Note(ii))                          3,036          2,707
                     Total                                                        1,873,596      1,600,163




234   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



23 Financial investments (Continued)
    (a)   Analysed by types (Continued)
          Notes:


          (i)      As of 31 December 2019, RMB84,447 million (31 December 2018: RMB99,095 million) of Trust
                   investment plans and Investment management products managed by securities companies listed above
                   were managed by the subsidiaries and related companies of CITIC Corporation Limited, the Bank’s
                   immediate parent company.


                   The underlying assets of Trust investment plans and Investment management products managed by
                   securities companies primarily include credit assets, interbank assets and rediscounted bills (Note 55 (a)
                   (viii)).

          (ii)     Financial investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
                                                                                          31 December 2019
                                                                                Equity      Debt security
                                                               Note        instruments        instruments            Total
                    Costs/Amortised cost                                          4,140          614,035          618,175
                    Fair value change on accumulated
                      into other comprehensive income                            (1,104)           7,625            6,521
                    Fair value                                                    3,036          621,660          624,696
                    Allowance for impairment losses              32                               (1,631)           (1,631)

                                                                                          31 December 2018
                                                                                 Equity      Debt security
                                                               Note         instruments       instruments            Total
                    Costs/Amortised cost                                          2,759          498,299          501,058
                    Fair value change on accumulated into
                      other comprehensive income                                    (52)           5,360            5,308
                    Fair value                                                    2,707          503,659          506,366
                    Allowance for impairment losses              32                                (1,039)          (1,039)




                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report     235
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      23 Financial investments (Continued)
             (b)   Analysed by location of counterparties
                                                                                      31 December      31 December
                                                                        Note                 2019             2018
                     In Mainland China
                       — governments                                                        653,797        475,246
                       — policy banks                                                        98,832        122,411
                       — banks and non-bank financial institutions                          916,083        400,793
                       — corporates                                                         102,415        126,144
                     Subtotal                                                             1,771,127      1,124,594
                     Outside Mainland China
                      — governments                                                          20,986         16,121
                      — banks and non-bank financial institutions                            42,069        433,910
                      — public entities                                                         340          2,084
                      — corporates                                                           28,829         11,707
                     Subtotal                                                                92,224        463,822
                     Accrued interest                                                        17,021         15,117
                     Total                                                                1,880,372      1,603,533
                     Less: Impairment allowance for financial assets
                              at amortised cost                         32                   (6,776)        (3,370)
                     Net balance                                                          1,873,596      1,600,163
                     Listed in Hong Kong                                                     44,990         39,541
                     Listed outside Hong Kong                                             1,436,126      1,104,876
                     Unlisted                                                               392,480        455,746
                     Total                                                                1,873,596      1,600,163

                   Bonds traded in China’s inter-bank bond market are listed outside Hong Kong.




236   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                            (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



23 Financial investments (Continued)
    (c)   Analysed by assessment method of allowance for impairment losses
                                                                               31 December 2019
                                                    Notes       Stage one     Stage two Stage three           Total
           Financial assets at amortised costs                   901,695         10,716         8,698      921,109
           Accrued interest                                        9,825             76            —         9,901
           Less: Allowance for impairment losses     32           (3,614)          (334)       (2,828)      (6,776)
           Net Balance                                           907,906         10,458         5,870      924,234
           Financial assets at fair value through
             other comprehensive income                          621,337            123           200      621,660
           Accrued interest                                        7,120             —             —         7,120
           Net Balance                                           628,457            123           200      628,780
           Total carrying amount of financial
             assets affected by credit risk                    1,536,363         10,581         6,070    1,553,014
           Allowance for impairment losses of
             other debt instruments included in
             other comprehensive income                            (1,331)           (3)         (297)      (1,631)

                                                                               31 December 2018
                                                    Notes       Stage one     Stage two Stage three           Total
           Financial assets at amortised costs                    768,136         3,882         1,160      773,178
           Accrued interest                                         8,422             8            —         8,430
           Less: Allowance for impairment losses     32            (2,680)         (152)         (538)      (3,370)
           Net Balance                                            773,878         3,738           622      778,238
           Financial assets at fair value through
             other comprehensive income                           503,334           104           221      503,659
           Accrued interest                                         6,686             1            —         6,687
           Net Balance                                            510,020           105           221      510,346
           Total carrying amount of financial
             assets affected by credit risk                     1,283,898         3,843           843    1,288,584
           Allowance for impairment losses of
             other debt instruments included in
             other comprehensive income                              (727)            (2)        (310)       (1,039)




                                                                                                  2019 Annual Report    237
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      24 Investments in associates and joint ventures
                                                                                                                        31 December                       31 December
                                                                                                  Note                         2019                              2018
              Investments in joint ventures                                                          (a)                            2,914                           2,759
              Investments in associates                                                              (b)                              758                           1,122
              Total                                                                                                                 3,672                           3,881


             (a)      Investment in joint ventures
                      The details of the joint ventures as at 31 December 2019 were as follows:

                                                               Form of                                               Effective                             Nominal value
                                                               business              Place of                      percentage     Principal                    of issued
                        Name of company                        structure             incorporation                   of shares    activities                      shares
                        CITIC aiBank Corporation Limited       Corporation           Mainland China                    70.0%      Financial services       RMB4.0 billion
                          (“CITIC Baixin”) (Note (i))

                        JSC Altyn Bank Corporation Limited. Corporation              Kazakhstan                        50.1%      Financial services      KZT7.05 billion
                          (“JSC Altyn Bank”) (Note(ii))

                      Notes:


                      (i)      According to the Articles of Association, the Bank and Fujian BoRui Network Technology Co.,Ltd. (“Fujian BoRui”) shall jointly approve main
                               critical events before further development.


                      (ii)     In 2018, the Bank completed its acquisition of 50.1% shares in JSC Altyn Bank. According to the Articles of Association of JSC Altyn Bank,
                               decisions regarding all major activities of JSC Altyn Bank shall be subject to the joint approval of the Bank and the other shareholder, the JSC
                               Halyk Bank of Kazakhstan.


                      Financial statements of the joint ventures are as follow:
                                                                                                As at or for the year ended 2019
                                                                              Total               Total           Total    Operating                                   Net
                        Name of Enterprise                                    assets          liabilities     net assets      income                                  gain
                        CITIC Baixin                                         58,865               55,620                 3,245                 2,373                    20
                        JSC Altyn Bank                                        9,520                8,487                 1,033                   472                   259

                                                                                                  As at or for the year ended 2018
                                                                              Total                Total            Total     Operating                              Net
                        Name of Enterprise                                    assets           liabilities      net assets       income                       (loss)/gain
                        CITIC Baixin                                         35,924               32,701                 3,223                 1,295                  (484)
                        JSC Altyn Bank                                        7,928                7,194                   734                   349                   195




238   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                            (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



24 Investments in associates and joint ventures (Continued)
     (a)   Investment in joint ventures (Continued)
           Movement of the Group’s interests in the joint venture:

                                                                                                        Year ended                   Year ended
                                                                                                      31 December                  31 December
                                                                                                              2019                         2018
            Initial investment cost                                                                             3,229                      3,229
            As at 1 January                                                                                     2,759                      1,196
            Additions                                                                                              —                       1,829
            Share of net loss of the joint ventures for the year                                                  154                       (274)
            Exchange difference                                                                                     1                          8
            As at 31 December                                                                                   2,914                      2,759


     (b)   Investment in associates
           The Group holds its investment in associates through subsidiaries and details of the associates as at 31 December
           2019 was as follows:

                                                                                                   Effective
                                                                                                percentage
                                                                                                  of shares                               Nominal
                                                         Form of                                and voting                                    value
                                                         business       Place of                 right held Principal                     of issued
            Name of company                              structure      incorporation        by the Group activities                         shares
            CITIC International Assets Management        Corporation    Hong Kong                    46% Investment holding and HKD2,218 million
              Limited (“CIAM”)                                                                             assets management

            Binhai (Tianjin) Financial Assets Exchange   Corporation    Mainland China               20% Services and investment    RMB500 million
              Company Limited (“BFAE”)

           Financial statements of the associates are as follow:

                                                                              As at or for the year ended 2019
                                                              Total             Total           Total    Operating                           Net
            Name of Enterprise                                assets        liabilities     net assets      income                           loss
            CIAM                                              1,540                 172               1,368                (38)             (133)
            BFAE                                                428                  26                 402                150               (50)

                                                                                As at or for the year ended 2018
                                                               Total             Total            Total     Operating                        Net
            Name of Enterprise                                 assets        liabilities      net assets       income               (loss)/profit
            CIAM                                               1,631                149                1,482              (718)             (768)
            ZhongAn Financial
              Services Limited                                   884                    —                884                   5                5
            BFAE                                                 499                    47               452                   3              (30)




                                                                                                                              2019 Annual Report      239
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      24 Investments in associates and joint ventures (Continued)
             (b)      Investment in associates (Continued)
                      Movement of the Group’s interests in associates:

                                                                                    Year ended 31     Year ended 31
                                                                                   December 2019     December 2018
                       Initial investment cost                                              1,168            1,489
                       As at 1 January                                                      1,122            1,145
                       Additions                                                             (321)             306
                       Share of net loss of associates for the year                           (52)            (368)
                       Share of other comprehensive income of associates
                         for the year                                                          —                (10)
                       Exchange difference                                                     9                 49
                       As at 31 December                                                     758             1,122


      25 Investment in subsidiaries
                                                                                     31 December       31 December
                                                                           Notes            2019              2018
              Investment in subsidiaries
                — CITIC international financial holdings limited
                      (“CIFH”)                                              (i)           16,570            16,570
                — CNCB (Hong Kong) Investment Limited
                     (“CNCB Investment”)                                    (ii)            1,577            1,577
                — Zhejiang Lin’an CITIC Rural Bank Corporation
                     Limited (“Lin’an Rural Bank”)                         (iii)              102               102
                — CITIC financial leasing CO., LTD (“CFLL”)                (iv)             4,000             4,000
              Total                                                                       22,249            22,249




240   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                 Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



25 Investment in subsidiaries (Continued)
     Major subsidiaries of the Bank as at 31 December 2019 are as follows:

                                                                Particulars                                                 % of            % of                 The
                                                                of the issued                                         ownership ownership held              Group’s
                                         Place of               and paid up            Principal                    directly held by subsidiaries           effective
       Name of entity                    incorporation          capital                activities                   by the Bank      of the Bank             interest
       CIFH (Note (i))                   Hong Kong              HKD7,503 million       Commercial banking and             100%                  —              100%
                                                                                         other financial services

       CNCB Investment (Note (ii))       Hong Kong              HKD1,889 million       Lending services                 99.05%              0.71%            99.76%

       Lin’an Rural Bank (Note (iii))    Mainland China         RMB200 million         Commercial banking                  51%                  —               51%

       CFLL (Note (iv))                  Mainland China         RMB4,000 million       Financial lease operations         100%                  —              100%

     Notes:


     (i)      CIFH is an investment holding company registered and headquartered in Hong Kong. Its business scope through its subsidiaries covers commercial banking
              and other financial services. The Bank holds 100% shareholding in CIFH. CIFH holds 75% shareholding in CITIC Bank International Limited (“CBI”).


     (ii)     CNCB Investment was founded in Hong Kong in 1984. Holding a money lending licence issued by the Hong Kong Company Registry, CNCB Investment’s
              business scope includes capital market investment, lending and other related services. The Bank holds 99.05% shareholding in CNCB Investment, and
              CIFH holds the remaining 0.71% shareholding in CNCB Investment. The Bank effectively held 99.76% shareholding in CNCB Investment.




     (iii)    Lin’an Rural Bank was founded in Zhejiang Province of Mainland China in 2011 with a registered capital of RMB200 million. Its principal activities are
              commercial banking related businesses. The Bank holds 51% of Lin’an Rural Bank’s shares and voting rights.


     (iv)     The Bank established CFLL in 2015 with a registered capital of RMB4 billion. Its principal business activities are financial leasing. The Bank holds 100%
              of its shares and voting rights.




                                                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report            241
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      26 Investment properties
                                                                                              31 December            31 December
                                                                                                     2019                   2018
              Fair value as at 1 January                                                               443                     295
              Change in fair value                                                                     (15)                     35
              Transfers in/(out)                                                                       (10)                     93
              Exchange difference                                                                        8                      20
              Fair value as at 31 December                                                             426                     443

             Investment properties of the Group are buildings held by subsidiaries and mainly located in Hong Kong and leased to
             third parties through operating leases. There are active real estate markets where the investment properties are located
             and the Group is able to obtain market price and related information of similar properties, and therefore makes
             estimation about the fair value of the investment properties as at 31 December 2019.

             All investment properties of the Group were revalued at 31 December 2019 by an independent firm of surveyors,
             Prudential Surveyors Hong Kong Limited, on an open market value basis. The fair value is in line with the definition
             of “IFRS13 – Fair value measurement”. The revaluation surplus has been recognised in the profit or loss for the current
             year. Prudential Surveyors Hong Kong Limited has among their staff Fellows of the Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors
             with recent experience in the location and category of properties being valued.

             The investment properties of the Group are categorised into Level 3.

      27 Property, plant and equipment
                                                                                                     Computer
                                                                             Construction           equipment
                                                             Buildings        in progress           and others               Total
              Cost or deemed cost:
              As at 1 January 2019                              21,885               1,288              10,839              34,012
              Additions                                            496                 799               1,612               2,907
              Transfer in (out) in current year                    471                (471)
              Disposals                                           (263)                                   (702)               (965)
              Exchange differences                                  10                   —                  19                  29
              As at 31 December 2019                            22,599               1,616              11,768              35,983
              Accumulated depreciation:
              As at 1 January 2019                              (4,949)                                 (7,678)            (12,627)
              Depreciation charges                                (694)                                 (1,048)             (1,742)
              Disposals                                            125                                     656                 781
              Exchange differences                                  (6)                                    (17)                (23)
              As at 31 December 2019                            (5,524)                                 (8,087)            (13,611)
              Net carrying value:
              As at 1 January 2019                              16,936               1,288               3,161              21,385
              As at 31 December 2019 (Note (i))                 17,075               1,616               3,681              22,372




242   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
               Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                         (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



27 Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
                                                                                                                         Computer
                                                                                             Construction                equipment
                                                                        Buildings             in progress                and others                        Total
      Cost or deemed cost:
      As at 1 January 2018                                                 21,313                    1,078                    11,018                     33,409
      Additions                                                             1,157                      210                     1,466                      2,833
      Transfer out                                                           (102)                      —                     (1,041)                    (1,143)
      Disposals                                                              (514)                      —                       (663)                    (1,177)
      Exchange differences                                                     31                       —                         59                         90
      As at 31 December 2018                                               21,885                    1,288                    10,839                     34,012
      Accumulated depreciation:
      As at 1 January 2018                                                  (4,497)                                            (7,582)                  (12,079)
      Depreciation charges                                                    (674)                                            (1,156)                   (1,830)
      Transfer out                                                               9                                                492                       501
      Disposals                                                                229                                                610                       839
      Exchange differences                                                     (16)                                               (42)                      (58)
      As at 31 December 2018                                                (4,949)                                            (7,678)                  (12,627)
      Net carrying value:
      As at 1 January 2018                                                 16,816                    1,078                      3,436                    21,330
      As at 31 December 2018 (Note (i))                                    16,936                    1,288                      3,161                    21,385

    Notes:


    (i).     As at 31 December 2019, the registration transfer process of certain buildings acquired has not been completed, and the net book value of such buildings
             was approximately RMB1,211 million (as at 31 December 2018: RMB1,078 million). The Group believes the incomplete registration procedure does not
             affect the rights of the Group as the legal successor to these buildings.




                                                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report            243
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      28 Right-of-use assets
                                                                             Land                       Vehicles
                                                         Buildings       use right    Equipments      and others          Total
               Cost or deemed cost:
               As at 31 December 2018                           —              —               —              —              —
               Change in accounting policy:                 12,145          1,235             125             48         13,553
               As at 1 January 2019                         12,145          1,235             125             48         13,553
               Additions                                     2,485              —               7             —           2,492
               Reductions                                     (146)            (16)            (6)            (1)          (169)
               Exchange differences                             17              —              —              —              17
               As at 31 December 2019                       14,501          1,219             126             47         15,893
               Accumulated depreciation:
               As at 31 December 2018                             —            —               —              —              —
               Change in accounting policy:                       —          (242)             —              —            (242)
               As at 1 January 2019                               —          (242)             —              —            (242)
               Accrual                                      (3,194)            (30)           (40)           (11)        (3,275)
               Reductions                                       10               5              1             —              16
               Exchange differences                             (2)             —              —              —              (2)
               As at 31 December 2019                       (3,186)          (267)            (39)           (11)        (3,503)
               Net carrying value:
               As at 1 January 2019                         12,145            993             125             48         13,311
               As at 31 December 2019                       11,315            952              87             36         12,390

             (i)     As at 31 December 2019, the balance of the Group’s lease liabilities amounted to RMB10,896 million, including
                     RMB3,176 million of lease liabilities that will mature within a year.

             (ii)    As at 31 December 2019, lease payments relating to lease contracts signed but yet to be executed amounted to
                     RMB113 million.

             (iii)   For the year ended 31 December 2019, the lease expense of short-term leases with a lease term of no more than
                     12 months and leases of assets with low values when new amounted to RMB662 million.




244   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
             Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                             (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



29 Goodwill
                                                                                31 December                31 December
                                                                                       2019                       2018
      As at 1 January                                                                     896                     849
      Exchange difference                                                                  16                      47
      As at 31 December                                                                   912                     896

     Based on the result of impairment test, no impairment losses on goodwill were recognised as at 31 December 2019
     (as at 31 December 2018: Nil).

30 Deferred tax assets/(liabilities)
                                                                                31 December                31 December
                                                                                       2019                       2018
      Deferred tax assets                                                               32,095                  23,174
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                             (10)                    (16)
      Net                                                                               32,085                  23,158


     (a)    Analysed by nature and jurisdiction
                                                              31 December 2019                31 December 2018
                                                          Deductible/                     Deductible/
                                                             (taxable)     Deferred          (taxable)      Deferred
                                                           temporary     tax assets/       temporary      tax assets/
                                                           differences  (liabilities)      differences   (liabilities)
             Deferred tax assets
               — allowance for impairment losses              129,678         32,209             95,710         23,729
               — fair value adjustments                       (11,559)        (2,865)            (9,944)        (2,526)
               — employee retirement benefits and
                     salaries payable                          10,202           2,551             7,430          1,857
               — others                                           985             200               238            114
             Subtotal                                         129,306         32,095             93,434         23,174
             Deferred tax liabilities
               — fair value adjustments                            (56)           (10)              (86)           (16)
             Net                                              129,250         32,085             93,348         23,158




                                                                                                     2019 Annual Report   245
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      30 Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) (Continued)
             (b)   Offsetting of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
                   As at 31 December 2019, the deferred tax assets/liabilities offset by the Group were RMB3,223 million (31
                   December 2018: RMB2,720 million).

             (c)   Movement of deferred tax
                                                                                                 Employee
                                                                                                retirement
                                                                Allowance for                      benefits                Total
                                                                  impairment      Fair value   and accrued              deferred
                                                                       losses   adjustments       staff cost   Others        tax
                     As at 31 December 2018                           23,729         (2,542)         1,857       114     23,158
                     Recognised in profit or loss                      8,371            (72)           676        81      9,056
                     Recognised in other comprehensive income            103           (261)            18         6       (134)
                     Exchange differences                                  6             —              —         (1)         5
                     As at 31 December 2019                           32,209         (2,875)         2,551       200     32,085
                     As at 31 December 2017                           17,060          3,070           1,562      125     21,817
                     Change in accounting policy                       3,020         (2,588)             —       (10)       422
                     Recognised in profit or loss                      3,633            404             298        2      4,337
                     Recognised in other comprehensive income             —          (3,430)             (3)      —      (3,433)
                     Exchange differences                                 16              2              —        (3)        15
                     As at 31 December 2018                           23,729         (2,542)          1,857      114     23,158




246   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                        (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



31 Other assets
                                                                                                               31 December                      31 December
                                                                                            Notes                     2019                             2018
      Advanced payments and settlement accounts                                                                          34,921                           2,356
      Assets transfer receivables                                                                                        12,698                              —
      Prepayments for properties and equipment                                                (i)                        11,721                          10,833
      Assets with continuing involvement                                                                                  6,915                           1,588
      Fee and commission receivables                                                                                      2,716                           3,534
      Interest receivables                                                                                                2,119                           2,205
      Repossessed assets                                                                      (ii)                        2,326                           2,203
      Precious metal leasing                                                                                              3,071                           1,632
      Prepayments for assets acquired for finance leases                                                                  4,466                           1,679
      Leasehold improvements                                                                                                663                             871
      Prepaid rent                                                                                                           45                             985
      Land use rights                                                                                                        —                              993
      Others                                                                                 (iii)                        5,895                           8,574
      Total                                                                                                              87,556                          37,453

    Notes:


    (i)       Prepayments for properties and equipment


              Prepayments for properties and equipment are mainly payments the Group made for office premises being constructed.


    (ii)      Repossessed assets


                                                                                                                     31 December                     31 December
                                                                                             Notes                           2019                            2018

                Premises                                                                                                     3,491                           2,429
                Others                                                                                                           3                             499

                Gross balance                                                                                                3,494                           2,928

                Less: Allowance for impairment losses                                         32                            (1,168)                           (725)

                Net balance                                                                                                  2,326                           2,203



              As at 31 December 2019, the Group intended to dispose all of the repossessed assets, and had no plan to transfer the repossessed assets for own use (as
              at 31 December 2018: None).


    (iii)     Others


              Others include provisional legal costs for lawyers, other prepayments, other receivables, etc.




                                                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report            247
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      32 Movements of allowance for impairment losses
                                                                                                                      Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                                                   Charge/
                                                                                                  As at 1        (reversal)     Write-offs/       Others                 As at
                                                                                 Notes           January       for the year    transfer out      Note (i)         31 December
               Allowance for credit impairment losses
               Deposits with bank and non-bank financial institutions              18                  74                 67              —                  1                142
               Placements with and loans to banks and non-bank
                  financial institutions                                           19                165               (84)              —                 —                81
               Financial assets held under resale agreements                       21                  4                43               —                 —                47
               Loans and advances to customers                                     22            101,154            68,793          (60,686)            6,609          115,870
               Financial investments                                               23
                 — at amortised cost                                                               3,355             3,589             (186)               —              6,758
                 — at fair value through other comprehensive income                                1,039               678              (90)                4             1,631
               Other assets — financial assets (Notes(ii))                                        12,072             2,493          (10,387)             (130)            4,048
               Off balance sheet credit assets                                     40              4,543             1,100               —                  3             5,646
               Subtotal                                                                          122,406            76,679          (71,349)            6,487          134,223
               Allowance for impairment losses on other assets
               Other assets — repossessed assets                                                     725               576              (205)              72             1,168
               Subtotal                                                                              725               576              (205)              72             1,168

                                                                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2018
                                                                                                                   Charge/
                                                                                                   As at 1        (reversal)      Write-offs/       Others             As at 31
                                                                                 Notes            January      for the year      transfer out      Note (i)           December
               Allowance for credit impairment losses
               Deposits with bank and non-bank financial institutions              18                  60                 11              —                  3                 74
               Placements with and loans to banks and non-bank financial
                  institutions                                                     19                165                (1)               —                 1              165
               Financial assets held under resale agreements                       21                 37               (33)               —                —                 4
               Interest receivables                                                                4,970             3,034            (3,606)          (4,398)              —
               Loans and advances to customers                                     22             97,905            47,753           (46,938)           2,434          101,154
               Financial investments                                               23
                 — at amortised cost                                                               3,044               999              (689)               1             3,355
                 — at fair value through other comprehensive income                                  950                75                —                14             1,039
               Other assets — financial assets (Notes(ii))                                         2,334             6,098            (1,182)           4,822            12,072
               Off balance sheet credit assets                                     40              4,557               (50)               —                36             4,543
               Subtotal                                                                          114,022            57,886           (52,415)           2,913          122,406
               Allowance for impairment losses on other assets
               Other assets — repossessed assets                                                     400               347                (7)              (15)               725
               Subtotal                                                                              400               347                (7)              (15)               725

             Note:
             (i)      Others include recovery of loans written off, and effect of exchange differences during the year.


             (ii)     The impairment losses of accrued interest of the financial instruments in this table and its changes are included in “Other assets-financial assets”.




248   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
              Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



33 Deposits from banks and non-bank financial institutions
    Analysed by types and locations of counterparties
                                                                         31 December            31 December
                                                                                2019                   2018
     In Mainland China
       — banks                                                                288,439                208,427
       — non-bank financial institutions                                      658,614                565,387
     Subtotal                                                                 947,053                773,814
     Outside Mainland China
      — banks                                                                   1,300                   4,242
      — non-bank financial institutions                                            59                      57
     Subtotal                                                                   1,359                   4,299
     Accrued interest                                                           2,710                   4,151
     Total                                                                    951,122                782,264


34 Placements from banks and non-bank financial institutions
    Analysed by types and locations of counterparties
                                                                         31 December            31 December
                                                                                2019                   2018
     In Mainland China
       — banks                                                                 45,488                 58,681
       — non-bank financial institutions                                       35,562                 47,239
     Subtotal                                                                  81,050                105,920
     Outside Mainland China
     — banks                                                                   11,109                   9,197
     Accrued interest                                                             380                    241
     Total                                                                     92,539                115,358


35 Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements
    (a)      Analysed by type and location of counterparties
                                                                         31 December            31 December
                                                                                2019                   2018
              In Mainland China
                — PBOC                                                         65,329                 93,151
                — banks                                                        46,486                 25,911
                — non-bank financial institutions                                  —                   1,000
              Subtotal                                                        111,815                120,062
              Outside Mainland China
               — banks                                                              —                    218
              Subtotal                                                              —                    218
              Accrued interest                                                      23                     35
              Total                                                           111,838                120,315




                                                                                            2019 Annual Report    249
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      35 Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements (Continued)
             (b)      Analysed by type of collateral
                                                                                               31 December             31 December
                                                                                                      2019                    2018
                       Discounted bills                                                               76,229                  33,809
                       Debt securities                                                                35,586                  86,471
                       Accrued interest                                                                   23                      35
                       Total                                                                        111,838                 120,315

                      The Group did not derecognise financial assets transferred as collateral in connection with financial assets sold
                      under repurchase agreements. As at 31 December 2019, non of the legal title of the collateral pledged disclosed
                      in Note 52 has been transferred to counterparties.

      36 Deposits from customers
             Analysed by nature:
                                                                                               31 December             31 December
                                                                                                      2019                    2018
              Demand deposits
                — corporate customers                                                             1,668,449               1,516,861
                — personal customers                                                                275,526                 262,960
              Subtotal                                                                            1,943,975               1,779,821
              Time and call deposits
                — corporate customers                                                             1,485,727               1,382,230
                — personal customers                                                                602,644                 449,549
              Subtotal                                                                            2,088,371               1,831,779
              Outward remittance and remittance payables                                               6,474                   4,823
              Accrued interest                                                                        34,438                  33,188
              Total                                                                               4,073,258               3,649,611


             Guarantee deposits included in above deposits:
                                                                                               31 December             31 December
                                                                                                      2019                    2018
              Bank acceptances                                                                      172,075                 163,066
              Guarantees                                                                             21,390                  21,757
              Letters of credit                                                                      11,754                   6,234
              Others                                                                                 93,315                 109,627
              Total                                                                                 298,534                 300,684




250   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
             Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                              (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



37 Accrued staff costs
                                                           Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                               Additions     Payments
                                                   As at          during       during         As at
                                      Notes   1 January          the year     the year 31 December
     Short-term employee benefits      (a)       10,386         24,752         (23,418)         11,720
     Post-employment benefits
       — defined contribution plans    (b)           31           2,770         (2,483)            318
     Post-employment benefits
       — defined benefit plans         (c)           35             (14)            (2)             19
     Other long-term benefits                        97               1            (23)             75
     Total                                       10,549         27,509         (25,926)         12,132

                                                           Year ended 31 December 2018
                                                               Additions      Payments
                                                   As at          during        during            As at
                                      Notes    1 January         the year      the year    31 December
     Short-term employee benefits      (a)        8,635          22,660        (20,909)         10,386
     Post-employment benefits
       — defined contribution plans    (b)           34           2,453          (2,456)            31
     Post-employment benefits
       — defined benefit plans         (c)           44             102           (111)             35
     Other long-term benefits                       125               6            (34)             97
     Total                                        8,838          25,221        (23,510)         10,549




                                                                                     2019 Annual Report   251
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      37 Accrued staff costs (Continued)
             (a)   Short-term employee benefits
                                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                         Additions     Payments
                                                                             As at          during       during         As at
                                                                        1 January          the year     the year 31 December
                     Salaries and bonuses                                   9,456          20,193         (18,664)        10,985
                     Social insurance                                          45           1,490          (1,470)            65
                     Welfare expenses                                           2           1,262          (1,263)             1
                     Housing fund                                               8           1,250          (1,249)             9
                     Labour union expenses and employee
                       education expenses                                     805             462            (688)           579
                     Housing allowance                                         54               8              (8)            54
                     Others                                                    16              87             (76)            27
                     Total                                                 10,386          24,752         (23,418)        11,720

                                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2018
                                                                                         Additions      Payments
                                                                             As at          during        during            As at
                                                                         1 January         the year      the year    31 December
                     Salaries and bonuses                                   7,553          17,818         (15,915)          9,456
                     Social insurance                                          28           1,469          (1,452)             45
                     Welfare expenses                                          —            1,400          (1,398)              2
                     Housing fund                                              10           1,300          (1,302)              8
                     Labour union expenses and employee
                       education expenses                                     955             416            (566)           805
                     Housing allowance                                         75             196            (217)            54
                     Others                                                    14              61             (59)            16
                     Total                                                  8,635          22,660         (20,909)        10,386


             (b)   Post-employment benefits – defined contribution plans
                   Post-employment benefits defined contribution plans include contributions to statutory retirement plan. Pursuant
                   to the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC governing labor and social security, the Group joins statutory
                   retirement plan for the employees as set out by city and provincial governments. The Group is required to
                   make contributions based on defined ratios of the salaries, bonuses and certain allowance of the employees to
                   the statutory retirement plan under the administration of the government.

                   In addition to the above statutory retirement plan, the Bank’s qualified employees have joined a defined
                   contribution retirement scheme (the “Scheme”) which was established by the Group and managed by the
                   CITIC Group. For the year ended 31 December 2019,The Bank has made annuity contributions at 7% (31
                   December 2018: 5%) of its employee’s gross wages. For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Bank made
                   annuity contribution amounting to RMB1,061 million (year ended 31 December 2018: RMB757 million).

                   The Group operates a defined contribution provident fund and a Mandatory Provident Fund scheme for Hong
                   Kong staff. Contributions are charged to profit or loss when the contribution fall due.




252   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
               Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



37 Accrued staff costs (Continued)
     (c)      Post-employment benefits – defined benefit plans
              The Group offers supplementary retirement benefits for certain of its qualified employees in Mainland China.
              Retired employees are eligible to join this supplementary retirement benefit plan. The amount that is recognised
              as at reporting date presents the discounted value of benefit obligation in the future.

              The Group’s obligations in respect of the supplementary retirement benefit plan as at the reporting date are
              based on the projected unit credit actuarial cost method and computed by a qualified professional actuary firm
              (a member of Society of Actuaries in the United States of America).

              Save for the disclosed above, the Group has no other material obligation for payment of retirement benefits.

38 Taxes payable
                                                                                          31 December         31 December
                                                                                                 2019                2018
      Income tax                                                                                  5,012               1,570
      VAT and surcharges                                                                          3,830               3,342
      Others                                                                                         23                   8
      Total                                                                                       8,865               4,920


39 Debt securities issued
                                                                                      31 December             31 December
                                                                     Notes                   2019                    2018
      Long-term debt securities issued                                 (a)                   80,351                  80,296
      Subordinated bonds issued:
        — by the Bank                                                  (b)                   81,475                 118,450
        — by CBI                                                       (c)                    5,591                   5,520
      Certificates of deposit issued                                   (d)                    2,785                   2,752
      Certificates of interbank deposit issued                         (e)                  438,830                 341,310
      Convertible corporate bonds                                      (f)                   37,730                      —
      Accrued interest                                                                        3,512                   4,155
      Total                                                                                 650,274                 552,483




                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report     253
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      39 Debt securities issued (Continued)
             (a)   Long-term debt securities issued by the Group as at 31 December:
                                                                                                                                     31 December        31 December
                                                                                                                                            2019               2018
                                                                                                                        Annual           Nominal            Nominal
                                                                                                                        Interest            Value             Value
                     Bond Type                             Issue Date                 Maturity Date                        Rate             RMB                RMB
                     Fixed rate bond                       17 April 2017              17 April 2020                      4.20%              50,000              50,000
                     Fixed rate bond                       24 May 2017                24 May 2020                        4.40%               2,994               2,993
                     Fixed rate bond                       21 May 2015                25 May 2020                        3.98%               7,000               7,000
                     Fixed rate bond                       17 November 2015           17 November 2020                   3.61%               8,000               8,000
                     Floating rate bond                    14 December 2017           14 December 2020             Three-month               4,877               4,814
                                                                                                                   Libor +0.9%
                     Fixed rate bond                       14 December 2017           14 December 2020                   2.88%                2,090              2,063
                     Floating rate bond                    14 December 2017           15 December 2022             Three-month                3,832              3,783
                                                                                                                     Libor +1%
                     Fixed rate bond                       14 December 2017           15 December 2022                   3.13%                1,741              1,719
                     Total nominal value                                                                                                    80,534              80,372
                     Less: Unamortised issuance cost                                                                                           (33)                (76)
                     Less: offset                                                                                                             (150)                 —
                     Carrying value                                                                                                         80,351              80,296


             (b)   The carrying value of the Bank’s subordinated bonds issued as at 31 December:
                                                                                                                          31 December                 31 December
                                                                                                        Notes                    2019                        2018
                     Subordinated fixed rate bonds maturing:
                       — in August 2019                                                                    (i)                         —                      36,972
                       — in May 2025                                                                      (ii)                     11,500                     11,500
                       — in June 2027                                                                     (iii)                    19,985                     19,983
                       — in September 2028                                                                (iv)                     29,990                     30,000
                       — in October 2028                                                                   (v)                     20,000                     19,995
                     Total                                                                                                         81,475                   118,450

                   Notes:


                   (i)       The interest rate on the subordinated fixed rate bonds issued on 26 August 2014 is 6.13% per annum. The Bank has an option to redeem the
                             bonds on 26 August 2019. The bank has early redeemed all of the bonds at face value on 26 August 2019.


                   (ii)      The interest rate on the subordinated fixed rate bonds issued on 28 May 2010 is 4.30% per annum. The Bank has an option to redeem the
                             bonds on 28 May 2020. If they are not redeemed, the interest rate of the bonds will remain at 4.30% per annum for the next five years.


                   (iii)     The interest rate on the subordinated fixed rate bonds issued on 21 June 2012 is 5.15% per annum. The Bank has an option to redeem the
                             bonds on 21 June 2022. If they are not redeemed, the interest rate of the bonds will remain at 5.15% per annum for the next five years.


                   (iv)      The interest rate on the subordinated fixed rate bonds issued on 13 September 2018 is 4.96% per annum. The Bank has an option to redeem
                             the bonds on 13 September 2023. If they are not redeemed, the interest rate of the bonds will remain 4.96% per annum for the next five years


                   (v)       The interest rate on the subordinated fixed rate bonds issued on 22 October 2018 is 4.8% per annum. The Bank has an option to redeem the
                             bonds on 22 October 2023. If they are not redeemed, the interest rate of the bonds will remain 4.8% per annum for the next five years.




254   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                 Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



39 Debt securities issued (Continued)
     (c)   The carrying value of CBI’s subordinated bonds issued as at 31 December:
                                                                                                               31 December                31 December
                                                                                              Notes                   2019                       2018
             Subordinated fixed rate notes maturing:
               — in May 2019                                                                     (i)                         —                      2,055
               — in June 2020                                                                   (ii)                      2,134                     3,465
               — in Feb 2024                                                                    (iii)                     3,457                        —
             Total                                                                                                        5,591                     5,520

           Notes:


           (i)       CBI issued USD300 million subordinated notes at a coupon rate of 6.00% per annum on 7 November 2013.The notes are listed on the Hong
                     Kong Stock Exchange As at 7 May 2019, CBI redeemed all these subordinated notes.


           (ii)      CBI issued USD500 million subordinated notes at a coupon rate of 6.875% per annum on 24 June 2010. The notes are listed on the Singapore
                     Exchange. On 28 February 2019, CBI partially redeemed USD196 million of the subordinated notes.


           (iii)     CBI issued USD500 million subordinated notes at a coupon rate of 4.625% per annum on 28 February 2019. CBI has an option to redeem
                     these notes on 28 February 2024. If CBI does not exercise the redemption option, the coupon rate per annum will be the 5-year US treasury
                     bond rate on 28 February 2024, plus 2.25%. The notes are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


     (d)   These certificates of deposit were issued by CBI with interest rate ranging 3.13% per annum.


     (e)   As at 31 December 2019, the Bank had issued certain certificates of interbank deposits, totaling RMB438,830million
           (as at 31 December 2018: RMB341,310 million), with yield ranging from 2.59% to 3.67% (as at 31 December
           2018: 2.80% to 4.86%) per annum. The original expiry terms are between one months to one year.




                                                                                                                                    2019 Annual Report           255
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      39 Debt securities issued (Continued)
             (f)   As approved by the relevant regulatory authorities in China, the Bank made a public offering of RMB40 billion
                   A-share convertible corporate bonds on 4 March 2019. The convertible corporate bonds have a term of six
                   years from 4 March 2019 to 3 March 2025, at coupon rates of 0.3% for the first year, 0.8% for the second
                   year, 1.5% for the third year, 2.3% for the fourth year, 3.2% for the fifth year and 4.0% for the sixth year.
                   The conversion of these convertible corporate bonds begins on the first trading day (11 September 2019) after
                   six months upon the completion date of the offering (8 March 2019), until the maturity date (3 March 2025).


                   In accordance with formulas set out in the prospectus of the convertible corporate bonds, the initial conversion
                   price of the convertible corporate bonds is RMB7.45 per share, and the price of the convertible corporate bonds
                   will be adjusted to reflect the dilutive impact of cash dividends and increase in paid-in capital under specified
                   circumstances. As the cash dividend was paid on 22 July 2019, the conversion price of the convertible corporate
                   bonds has been adjusted to RMB7.22 per share. During the conversion period (from 4 March 2019 to 3 March
                   2025), if the closing price of the Bank’s A-shares is lower than 80% of the current conversion price for at least
                   15 trading days in any 30 consecutive trading days, the Board of Directors of the Bank has the right to propose
                   to lower the conversion price and submit the proposal to the shareholders’ meeting for deliberation.

                   These convertible corporate bonds are subject to conditional redemptions. During their conversion period, if the
                   closing prices of the Bank’s A-shares are no less than 130% (inclusive) of the current conversion price for at least
                   15 trading days in 30 consecutive trading days, the Bank has the right to redeem all or part of the outstanding
                   convertible corporate bonds at their par value plus the current accrued interest, upon approval of the relevant
                   regulatory authorities (if required). In addition, when the total amount of the outstanding convertible corporate
                   bonds is less than RMB30 million, the Bank has the right to redeem all outstanding convertible corporate bonds
                   at their par value plus the current accrued interest.

                   As at 31 December 2019, convertible corporate bonds of RMB105,000 was converted to 14,533 A-shares.

                                                                                 Liability              Equity                 Total
                     Issued nominal value of convertible
                        corporate bonds                                            36,859                 3,141               40,000
                     Direct issuance expenses                                         (74)                   (6)                 (80)
                     Balance at the issuance date                                  36,785                 3,135               39,920
                     Amortisation                                                     945                    —                   945
                     Amount of bonds converted                                         —                     —                    —
                     Ending balance                                                37,730                 3,135               40,865




256   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                    (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



40 Provisions
                                                                                                              31 December                      31 December
                                                                                                                     2019                             2018
      Allowance for impairment losses on off-balance sheet items                                                         5,646                             4,543
      Litigation provisions                                                                                                470                               470
      Total                                                                                                              6,116                             5,013

    The movement of off-balance sheet allowance for impairment losses is included in the Note 32.

    Movement of provisions:

                                                                                                              31 December                      31 December
                                                                                                                     2019                             2018
      As at 1 January                                                                                                       470                             394
      Accruals                                                                                                                9                             220
      Reversal in the current year                                                                                           (1)                             —
      Payments                                                                                                               (8)                           (144)
      As at 31 December                                                                                                     470                             470


41 Other liabilities
                                                                                                              31 December                      31 December
                                                                                        Note                         2019                             2018
      Settlement and clearing accounts                                                                                  6,896                          11,010
      Payment and collection accounts                                                                                   7,589                          13,829
      Deferred emoluments payable                                                         (i)                           8,792                           9,162
      Advances and deferred expenses                                                                                    5,305                           5,818
      Leasing deposits                                                                                                  1,463                           1,579
      Accrued expenses                                                                                                    111                             741
      Precious metal contracts                                                                                             —                            1,383
      Others                                                                                                           12,722                          10,539
      Total                                                                                                            42,878                          54,061

    Note:


    (i)       As at 31 December 2019, the deferred emolument payable amounted to RMB8,792 million (31 December 2018: RMB9,162 million). This represents
              deferred emoluments payable to employees in respect of services provided to the Group. Such amount will be distributed according to plans.




                                                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report        257
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      42 Share capital
                                                                                                                31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018
                                                                                                                  Number of shares      Nominal Value
                                                                                                                        (millions)
               Ordinary shares
               Registered, issued and fully paid:
               A-Share                                                                                                              34,053                            34,053
               H-Share                                                                                                              14,882                            14,882
               Total                                                                                                                48,935                            48,935

                                                                                                                           31 December                     31 December
                                                                                                    Note                          2019                            2018

               As at 1 January                                                                                                      48,935                            48,935
               Convertible bond settlement                                                            (i)                               —                                 —
               As at 31 December                                                                                                    48,935                            48,935

             Note:


             (i)       As at 31 December 2019, convertible corporate bonds of RMB105,000 was converted to 14,533 A-shares.


      43 Other equity instruments
                                                                                                                           31 December                     31 December
                                                                                                                                  2019                            2018
               Preference shares (Note (i))                                                                                         34,955                            34,955
               Undated capital bonds (Note (ii))                                                                                    39,993                                —
               Equity of convertible corporate bonds (Note 39 (f))                                                                   3,135                                —
               Total                                                                                                                78,083                            34,955

             (i)       Preference shares


                         Financial                                            Issued        Issued number                 Issued
                         instruments                    Dividend               price             of shares         nominal value   Maturity
                         in issue                           rate             (RMB)         (RMB millions)        (RMB millions)    Date                    Conversions

                         Preference shares                3.80%                 100                   350                35,000    No maturity date        No conversion
                                                                                                                                                             during the year



                       35,000 million preference shares of RMB100 each were issued in October 2016, with a dividend rate of 3.80% per annum for the first five years from
                       issuance, to no more than 200 qualified investors, pursuant to the approval by its ordinary shareholders’ meeting and relevant regulatory authorities.


                       The carrying amount of preference shares, net of direct issuance expenses, was RMB34,955 millions as at 31 December 2019. All the proceeds received is
                       used to replenish Other Tier-One capital in order to increase the Bank’s Tier-One capital adequacy ratio (Note 56). Dividends are non-cumulative and
                       where payable are paid annually. Dividend rate at the time of issue is 3.8% per annum and will be re-priced every five years thereafter with reference to
                       the five-year PRC treasury bonds yield plus a fixed premium of 1.30%.




258   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
             Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



43 Other equity instruments (Continued)
    (i)    Preference shares (Continued)


           As authorised by the ordinary shareholders’ Annual General Meeting, the Board of Directors has the sole discretion to declare and distribute dividends
           on preference shares. The Bank shall not distribute any dividends to its ordinary shareholders before it declares such dividends to preference shareholders
           for the relevant period. The distribution of preference shares dividend is at the Bank’s discretion and is non-cumulative. Preference shareholders are not
           entitled to participate in the distribution of retained profits except for the dividends stated above.


           The Bank has redemption option when specified conditions as stipulated in the offering documents of preference shares are met, subject to regulatory
           approval, whereas preference shareholders have no right to require the Bank to redeem the preference shares.


           Upon occurrence of the triggering events as stipulated in paragraph 2 (3) of the Guidance of the China Banking Regulatory Commission on Commercial
           Banks’ Innovation on Capital Instruments (CBRC No.56 [2012]) and subject to regulatory approval, preference shares shall be mandatorily converted
           into ordinary A shares of the Bank at the conversion price of RMB7.07 per share, partially or entirely. The conversion price of the preference shares
           will be adjusted where certain events occur including bonus issues, rights issue, capitalisation of reserves and new issuances of ordinary shares, subject to
           terms and formulae provided for in the offering documents, to maintain the relative interests between preference shareholders and ordinary shareholders.


           These preference shares are classified as equity instruments, and presented as equity in the consolidated statement of financial position; and are qualified
           as Additional Tier-One Capital Instruments in accordance with the CBIRC requirements.


    (ii)   Undated capital bonds


           With the approvals by relevant regulatory authorities in China, the Bank issued RMB40 billion write-down undated capital bonds (the “Bonds”) in the
           domestic interbank bond market on 9 December 2019, and completed the issuance on 11 December 2019. The denomination of the Bonds is RMB100
           each, and the annual coupon rate of the Bonds for the first 5 years is 4.20%, resetting every 5 years.


           The duration of the Bonds is the same as the continuing operation of the Bank. Subject to the satisfaction of the redemption conditions and having obtained
           the prior approval of the CBIRC, the Bank may redeem the Bonds in whole or in part on each distribution payment date 5 years after the issuance date
           of the Bonds. Upon the occurrence of a trigger event for write-downs, with the consent of the CBIRC and without the consent of the bondholders, the
           Bank has the right to write down all or part of the above Bonds issued and existing at that time in accordance with the total par value. The claims of the
           holders of the Bonds will be subordinated to the claims of depositors, general creditors and subordinated creditors; and shall rank in priority to the claims of
           shareholders and will rank pari passu with the claims under any other additional tier 1 capital instruments of the Bank that rank pari passu with the Bonds.


           The Bonds are paid by non-cumulative interest. The Bank shall have the right to cancel distributions on the Bonds in whole or in part and such cancellation
           shall not constitute a default. The Bank may at its discretion utilize the proceeds from the cancelled distribution to meet other obligations of maturing
           debts. But the Bank shall not distribute profits to ordinary shareholders until the resumption of full interest payment.


           These undated capital bonds are classified as equity instruments, and presented as equity in the consolidated statement of financial position; and are
           qualified as Additional Tier-One Capital Instruments in accordance with the CBIRC requirements.




                                                                                                                                               2019 Annual Report             259
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      43 Other equity instruments (Continued)
             (ii)      Undated capital bonds (Continued)


                       Interests attributable to equity instruments’ holder:


                                                                                                                      31 December                  31 December
                                                                                                                             2019                          2018

                         Total equity attribute to equity holders of
                           the parent company                                                                             517,311                       436,661
                           Equity attribute to ordinary equity holders of
                            the parent company                                                                            439,228                       401,706
                           Equity attribute to other equity instruments holders of
                            the parent company                                                                              78,083                       34,955
                            — Profit for the period/Dividend distribution for
                                    the period                                                                               1,330                        1,330
                           Total equity attribute to non-controlling interests                                              15,213                       16,425
                           Equity attribute to non-controlling interests of
                           ordinary shares                                                                                   8,546                        7,933
                           Equity attribute to non-controlling interests of
                            other equity instruments                                                                         6,667                        8,492



                       For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Bank paid RMB1,330 million dividend to the preference shareholders (for the year ended 31 December
                       2018: RMB1,330 million).


      44 Capital reserves
                                                                                                                      31 December              31 December
                                                                                                                             2019                     2018
               Share premium                                                                                                  58,896                   58,896
               Other reserves                                                                                                     81                       81
               Total                                                                                                          58,977                   58,977


      45 Other comprehensive income
             Other comprehensive income comprises items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss, such as net
             changes on the measurement of defined benefit plan (Note 37) and fair value changes on financial investments designated
             at fair value through other comprehensive income, and items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss,
             such as fair value changes on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, credit impairment
             allowance on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and exchange differences on translation.




260   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
             Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



46 Surplus reserve
                                                                                         31 December          31 December
                                                                                                2019                 2018
     As at 1 January                                                                            34,450               30,244
     Appropriations                                                                              4,559                4,206
     As at 31 December                                                                          39,009               34,450

    Under the relevant PRC Laws, the Bank and the Bank’s subsidiaries in Mainland China are required to appropriate 10%
    of its profit for the year, as determined under regulations issued by the regulatory bodies of the PRC, to the statutory
    surplus reserve until the reserve balance reaches 50% of the registered capital. After making the appropriation to the
    statutory surplus reserve, the Bank may also appropriate its profit for the year to the discretionary surplus reserve upon
    approval by ordinary shareholders at the Annual General Meeting. The Bank makes its appropriation on an annual basis.

    Subject to the approval of ordinary shareholders, statutory surplus reserves may be used for replenishing accumulated
    losses, if any, and may be converted into share capital, provided that the balance of statutory surplus reserve after such
    capitalisation is not less than 25% of the registered capital before the process.

47 General reserve
                                                                                         31 December          31 December
                                                                                                2019                 2018
     As at 1 January                                                                            74,255               74,251
     Appropriations                                                                              7,280                    4
     As at 31 December                                                                          81,535               74,255

    Pursuant to relevant Ministry of Finance (“MOF”) notices, the Bank and the Group’s banking subsidiaries in Mainland
    China are required to set aside a general reserve to cover potential losses against their assets. The Bank and the Group
    make its appropriation on an annual basis.

48 Profit appropriations and retained earnings
    (a)    Profit appropriations and distributions other than dividends declared during the year
                                                                                     31 December              31 December
                                                                    Notes                   2019                     2018
            Appropriations to
              — surplus reserve                                       46                     4,559                    4,206
              — general reserve                                       47                     7,280                        4
            As at 31 December                                                               11,839                    4,210

           The Bank appropriated RMB4,559 million to statutory surplus reserve fund for the year of 2019, and appropriated
           RMB7,278 million to general reserve. The Group’s subsidiary, Lin’an rural bank, made appropriations to general
           reserve in accordance with relevant regulatory requirements.

    (b)    In accordance with the resolution approved in the Annual General Meeting of the Bank on 24 May 2019, a
           total amount of approximately RMB11,255 million (RMB2.30 per 10 shares) were distributed in the form of
           cash dividend to the ordinary shareholders on 22 July 2019.




                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report     261
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      48 Profit appropriations and retained earnings (Continued)
             (c)    In accordance with the resolution approved in the Annual General Meeting of the Bank on 27 August 2019,
                    a total amount of approximately RMB1,330 million (calculated by the bank using the agreed dividend rate of
                    3.8% with RMB3.80 per share) were distributed in the form of cash dividend to the preference shareholders
                    on 28 October 2019.

             (d)    On 26 March 2020, the Board of Directors proposed a cash dividend of RMB2.39 per 10 shares in respect of the
                    year 2019. Subject to the approval of the ordinary shareholders at the Annual General Meeting, approximately
                    RMB11,695 million will be payable to those on the register of ordinary shareholders as at the relevant record
                    date. This proposal is a non-adjusting event after the reporting period and has not been recognised as liability
                    as at 31 December 2019.

             (e)    As at 31 December 2019, the retained earnings included the statutory surplus reserves of certain subsidiaries of
                    RMB260 million (as at 31 December 2018: RMB200 million), of which RMB82 million (as at 31 December
                    2018: RMB56 million) was the appropriation made by the subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2019.
                    Such statutory surplus reserves in the retained earnings cannot be distributed.

      49 Non-controlling interests
             Non-controlling interests included ordinary shareholders held by non-controlling interest in subsidiaries and other
             equity instrument holders’ interests. As at 31 December 2019, other equity instrument holders’ interest amounted to
             RMB6677 million representing other equity instruments issued by CBI on 11 October 2016, and 6 November 2018,
             an entity ultimately controlled by the Group. Such instruments are perpetual non-cumulative subordinated additional
             Tier- One capital securities (the “Capital Securities”).

              Financial
              instruments                     Nominal           First                                                 Payment
              in issue    Issue Date            Value      Call Date     Coupon Rate                                  Frequency
              Capital        11 October       USD500      11 October     4.25% per annum for the first five years Semi-annually
              Securities          2016        millions         2021        after issuance, and re-priced every five
                                                                           years to a rate equivalent to the five
                                                                           year US Treasury rate plus 3.107%
                                                                           per annum
              Capital       6 November        USD500 6 November          7.10% per annum for the first five years Semi-annually
              Securities          2018        millions     2023            after issuance, and re-priced every five
                                                                           years to a rate equivalent to the five
                                                                           year US Treasury rate plus 4.151%
                                                                           per annum

             CBI may, at its sole discretion, elect to cancel any payment of coupon, in whole or in part, or redeem Capital Securities
             in whole on the first call date and any subsequent coupon distribution date, where the holders of these Capital Securities
             have no right to require CBI to redeem. These Capital Securities listed above are classified as other equity instruments.

             A distribution payment of RMB470 million was paid to the holders of the Capital Securities during the year ended
             31 December 2019 (the year ended 31 December 2018: RMB289 million).

             On 22 April 2019, upon the approval of Hong Kong Monetary Authority and in accordance with the relevant provisions
             of the Capital Securities, CIFH made early redemption in full of the USD300 million Capital Securities issued on 22
             April 2014.




262   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
              Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



50 Notes to consolidated statement of cash flows
    Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                          31 December         31 December
                                                                                                 2019                2018
     Cash                                                                                         6,345               6,188
     Cash equivalents
       — Surplus deposit reserve funds                                                           97,602            128,423
       — Deposits with banks and non-bank financial institutions due
            within three months when acquired                                                    39,906              88,801
       — Placements with and loans to banks and non-bank financial
            institutions due within three months when acquired                                 134,321             124,923
       — Investment securities due within three months when acquired                            64,275              27,674
     Subtotal                                                                                  336,104             369,821
     Total                                                                                     342,449             376,009


51 Commitments and contingent liabilities
    (a)      Credit commitments
             The Group’s credit commitments take the form of loan commitments, credit card commitments, financial
             guarantees, letters of credit and bank acceptances.

             Loan commitments and credit card commitments represent the undrawn amount of approved loans with signed
             contracts and credit card limits. Financial guarantees and letters of credit represent guarantees provided by the
             Group to guarantee the performance of customers to third parties. Bank acceptances comprise undertakings
             by the Group to pay bills of exchange drawn on customers. The Group expects the majority acceptances to be
             settled simultaneously with the reimbursement from the customers.

             The contractual amounts of credit commitments by categories are set out below. The amounts disclosed in
             respect of loan commitments and credit card commitments assume that amounts are fully drawn down. The
             amounts of guarantees, letters of credit and acceptances represent the maximum potential loss that would be
             recognised at the reporting date if counterparties failed to perform as contracted.

                                                                                          31 December         31 December
                                                                                                 2019                2018
              Contractual amount
              Loan commitments
                — with an original maturity within one year                                       6,789               4,521
                — with an original maturity of one year or above                                 45,422              35,508
              Subtotal                                                                           52,211              40,029
              Bank acceptances                                                                 426,226             393,851
              Credit card commitments                                                          545,503             434,590
              Letters of guarantee issued                                                      147,154             158,813
              Letters of credit issued                                                         103,981              92,924
              Total                                                                          1,275,075           1,120,207




                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report     263
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      51 Commitments and contingent liabilities (Continued)
             (b)   Credit commitments analysed by credit risk weighted amount
                                                                                                31 December         31 December
                                                                                                       2019                2018
                     Credit risk weighted amount of credit commitments                               398,617             370,529

                   The credit risk weighted amount refers to the amount as computed in accordance with the rules set out by the
                   CBIRC and depends on the status of counterparties and the maturity characteristics. The risk weighting used
                   range from 0% to 150%.

             (c)   Capital commitments
                   (i)    The Group had the following authorised capital commitments in respect of property, plant and equipment
                          at the reporting date:

                                                                                                31 December         31 December
                                                                                                       2019                2018
                            For the purchase of property and equipment
                              Contracted for                                                            3,457               5,356

                   (ii)   The Group announced the approval of the Board of Directors on the establishment of CITIC Bank
                          Financial Management Co., Ltd. (hereinafter “CITIC Bank Financial Management”) by the Bank on 13
                          December 2018, and obtained the approval on establishment from the CBIRC On 4 December 2019.
                          The Bank plans to contribute no more than RMB5 billion, and after the completion of setup preparation,
                          will apply to the CBIRC for its approval on the commencement of business in accordance with relevant
                          regulations and procedures.

             (d)   Outstanding contingencies including litigation and disputes
                   The Group has assessed and has made provisions for any probable outflow of economic benefits in relation to
                   commitments and contingent liabilities at the reporting date in accordance with its accounting policies including
                   litigation and disputes.

                   As at 31 December 2019, the Group was involved in certain potential and pending litigation as defendant
                   with gross claims of RMB2,436 million (as at 31 December 2018: RMB271 million). Based on the opinion of
                   internal and external legal counsels, the Group had made litigation provisions of RMB8.61 million for the year
                   ended 31 December 2018 (for the year ended 31 December 2018: RMB220 million) against these litigation
                   (Note 40). Such contingencies, including litigation and disputes, will not have material impact on financial
                   position and operations of the Bank.




264   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



51 Commitments and contingent liabilities (Continued)
    (e)   Bonds redemption obligations
          As an underwriting agent of PRC treasury bonds, the Group has the responsibility to buy back those bonds
          sold by it should the holders decide to early redeem the bonds held. The redemption price for the bonds at any
          time before their maturity dates is based on the nominal value plus any interest unpaid and accrued up to the
          redemption date. Accrued interest payables to the bond holders are calculated in accordance with relevant rules
          of the MOF and the PBOC. The redemption price may be different from the fair value of similar instruments
          traded at the redemption date.

          The redemption obligations below represent the nominal value of treasury bonds underwritten and sold by the
          Group, but not yet matured at the reporting date:

                                                                                     31 December               31 December
                                                                                            2019                      2018
           Redemption commitment for PRC treasury bonds                                     11,272                   11,101

          The original maturities of these bonds vary from one to five years. Management of the Group expects the amount
          of redemption before maturity dates of these bonds will not be material. The MOF will not provide funding
          for the early redemption of these bonds on a back-to-back basis, but will settle the principal and interest upon
          maturity.

    (f)   Underwriting obligations
          As at 31 December 2019, the Group did not have unfulfilled commitment in respect of securities underwriting
          business. (as at 31December 2018: Nil)

52 Collateral
    (a)   Assets pledged
          (i)    The carrying amount of financial assets pledged as collateral in the Group’s ordinary course of businesses,
                 including repurchase agreements and borrowings from central banks, are disclosed as below:

                                                                                     31 December               31 December
                                                                                            2019                      2018
                   Debt securities                                                         367,616                  439,272
                   Discounted bills                                                         76,590                   33,955
                   Others                                                                      181                      172
                   Total                                                                   444,387                  473,399

                 As at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, the Group’s liabilities related to the above collateral
                 were due within 12 months from the effective dates of these agreements and title of these collateral was
                 not transferred to counterparties.

          (ii)   In addition, as at 31 December 2019, the Group pledged debt securities and deposits with banks and
                 other financial institutions with carrying amount totalling RMB840million (as at 31 December 2018:
                 RMB1,335 million) as collateral for derivative transactions and guarantee funds to exchanges. Title of
                 these pledged assets was not transferred to counterparties.

    (b)   Collateral accepted
          The Group received debt securities as collateral for financial assets held under resale agreements as set out in Note
          21. Under the terms of theses agreements, the Group could not resell or re-pledge certain parts of these collateral
          unless in the event of default by the counterparties. As at 31 December 2019, there was no collateral that can be
          resold or re-pledged by the Group (as at 31 December 2018: Nil). During the year ended 31 December 2019,
          the Group did not resell or re-pledge any of these collateral (year ended 31 December 2018: Nil).

                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report      265
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      53 Transactions on behalf of customers
             (a)   Entrusted lending business
                   The Group provides entrusted lending business services to corporations and individuals, as well as entrusted
                   provident housing fund mortgage business services. All entrusted loans are made under the instruction or at
                   the direction of these corporations, individuals or provident housing fund centre and are funded by entrusted
                   funds from them.

                   For entrusted assets and liabilities and entrusted provident housing fund mortgage business, the Group does not
                   expose to credit risk in relation to these transactions, but acts as an agent to hold and manage these assets and
                   liabilities at the instruction of the entrusting parties and receives fee income for the services provided.

                   Trust assets are not assets of the Group and are not recognised on the consolidated statement of financial
                   position. Income received and receivable for providing these services is included in the consolidated statement
                   of profit or loss as fee income.

                   At the reporting date, the entrusted assets and liabilities were as follows:

                                                                                                  31 December         31 December
                                                                                                         2019                2018
                     Entrusted loans                                                                   441,142             640,227
                     Entrusted funds                                                                   441,143             640,229


             (b)   Wealth management services
                   The Group’s wealth management services to customers mainly represent sale of wealth management products,
                   including principal guaranteed (Note 59 (c)) and non-principal or interest guaranteed wealth management
                   products (Note 59 (b)), to corporate and personal banking customers.

                   The funds raised by non-principal guaranteed wealth management products from investors are invested in various
                   investments, including debt securities and money market instruments, credit assets and other debt instruments,
                   equity instruments etc. Credit risk, liquidity risk and interest rate risk associated with these products are borne
                   by the customers. The Group only earns commission which represents the charges on customers in relation to
                   the provision of custodian, sale and management services. Income is recognised in the consolidated statement
                   of profit or loss as commission income. The Group has entered into placements transactions at market interest
                   rates with the wealth management products vehicles (Note 59 (b)).

                   As at 31 December 2019, the amount of total assets invested by these non-principal guaranteed wealth management
                   products issued by the Group was disclosed in Note 59 (b).




266   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
             Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                   (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



54 Segment reporting
    Measurement of segment assets and liabilities, and segment income and expenses are based on the Group’s accounting
    policies.

    Internal charges and transfer pricing of transactions between segments are determined for management purpose and
    have been reflected in the performance of each segment. Net interest income and expenses arising from internal charges
    and transfer pricing adjustments are referred to as “Internal net interest income/expenses”. Interest income and expenses
    earned from third parties are referred to as “External net interest income/expenses”.

    Segment income, expense, assets and liabilities include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that can
    be allocated on a reasonable basis. Segment assets and liabilities do not include deferred tax assets and liabilities. Segment
    income, expenses, assets, and liabilities are determined before intra-group balances, and intra-group transactions are
    eliminated as part of the consolidation process. Segment capital expenditure is the total costs incurred during the year
    to acquire assets (including both tangible assets and intangible assets) whose estimated useful lives are over one year.

    (a)    Business segments
           The Group has the following main business segments for management purpose:

           Corporate banking
           This segment represents the provision of a range of financial products and services to corporations, government
           agencies and non-financial institutions, as well as conducts investment banking businesses and international
           businesses. The products and services include corporate loans, deposit taking activities, agency services, remittance
           and settlement services and guarantee services.

           Personal banking
           This segment represents the provision of a range of financial products and services to individual customers and
           small enterprises. The products and services comprise loans, deposit services, securities agency services, remittance
           and settlement services and guarantee services.

           Treasury business
           This segment conducts capital markets operations, inter-bank operations, which, specifically, includes inter-
           bank money market transactions, repurchase transactions, and investments and trading in debt instruments.
           Furthermore, treasury business segment also carries out derivatives and forex trading both for the Group and
           for customers.

           Others and unallocated
           Others comprise components of the Group that are not attributable to any of the above segments, along with
           certain assets, liabilities, income or expenses of the Head Office that could not be allocated on a reasonable
           basis. This segment also manages the Group’s liquidity position.

           In 2019, for internal management purposes, the Bank adjusted the presentation of cash instalment income
           from the credit card business and the business segments of the Bank and some subsidiaries, and restated the
           comparative figures.




                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report      267
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      54 Segment reporting (Continued)
             (a)   Business segments (Continued)
                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                 Corporate     Personal      Treasury Others and
                                                                  Banking      Banking Operations Unallocated            Total
                     External net interest income/(expense)        52,199        70,028       28,032      (22,988)    127,271
                     Internal net interest income/(expense)        26,809       (38,392)     (20,552)      32,135          —
                     Net interest income                           79,008       31,636        7,480         9,147     127,271
                     Net fee and commission income/(expense)       12,591       39,017          929        (6,153)     46,384
                     Other net income (Note (i))                    2,191          631       11,067           337      14,226
                     Operating income                              93,790       71,284       19,476        3,331      187,881
                     Operating expenses
                     — depreciation and amortisation                (1,938)      (1,119)      (1,399)      (1,610)      (6,066)
                     — others                                      (18,012)     (26,462)      (2,340)      (1,288)     (48,102)
                     Credit impairment losses                      (51,076)     (24,070)        (796)        (737)     (76,679)
                     Impairment losses on other assets                  —            —            —          (576)        (576)
                     Revaluation gain on investment properties          —            —            —           (15)         (15)
                     Share of loss of associates and
                       joint ventures                                   —            —            —          102          102
                     Profit before tax                             22,764       19,633       14,941         (793)      56,545
                     Income tax                                                                                         (7,551)
                     Net profit                                                                                        48,994
                     Capital expenditure                            1,484          891        1,074          999        4,448

                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                 Corporate     Personal      Treasury Others and
                                                                  Banking      Banking Operations Unallocated            Total
                     Segment assets                              2,305,553    1,315,035    1,763,646    1,330,432    6,714,666
                     Interest in associates and joint ventures          —            —           112        3,560        3,672
                     Deferred tax assets                                                                                32,095
                     Total asset                                                                                     6,750,433
                     Segment liabilities                         3,274,306    1,876,042     864,467      203,084     6,217,899
                     Deferred tax liabilities                                                                               10
                     Total liabilities                                                                               6,217,909
                     Off-balance sheet credit commitments         726,272      545,503            —            —     1,275,075




268   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



54 Segment reporting (Continued)
    (a)   Business segments (Continued)
                                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2018
                                                                    Corporate            Personal      Treasury   Others and
                                                                     Banking             Banking       Business Unallocated                            Total
            External net interest income/(expense)                      53,524             60,669             26,282            (27,563)             112,912
            Internal net interest income/(expense)                      20,376            (32,179)           (18,935)            30,738                   —
            Net interest income                                         73,900             28,490               7,347              3,175             112,912
            Net fee and commission income/(expense)                     11,253             24,699               1,123                (67)             37,008
            Other net income (Note (i))                                  2,670              4,336               8,242                598              15,846
            Operating income                                            87,823             57,525             16,712               3,706             165,766
            Operating expenses
              — depreciation and amortisation                           (1,040)              (552)               (640)              (710)             (2,942)
              — others                                                 (19,136)           (25,055)             (3,356)            (2,111)            (49,658)
            Credit impairment losses                                   (42,074)           (15,295)               (187)              (330)            (57,886)
            Impairment losses on other assets                               —                  —                   —                (347)               (347)
            Revaluation gain on investment properties                       —                  —                   —                  35                  35
            Share of loss of associates and
              joint ventures                                                 —                   —                  —               (642)               (642)
            Profit before tax                                           25,573             16,623             12,529                (399)             54,326
            Income tax                                                                                                                                (8,950)
            Net profit                                                                                                                                45,376
            Capital expenditure                                          1,394                 769                851              1,089               4,103

                                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2018
                                                                    Corporate            Personal      Treasury   Others and
                                                                     Banking             Banking     Operations Unallocated                            Total
            Segment assets                                          2,328,330          1,155,488          1,488,115          1,067,726           6,039,659
            Interest in associates and joint ventures                      —                  —                 118              3,763               3,881
            Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                     23,174
            Total asset                                                                                                                          6,066,714
            Segment liabilities                                     3,046,177          1,538,976             716,638            311,821          5,613,612
            Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                    16
            Total liabilities                                                                                                                    5,613,628
            Off-balance sheet credit commitments                    1,027,283              92,924                   —                  —         1,120,207

          Note:


          (i)     Other net income consists of net trading gain, net gain from investment securities, net hedging loss and other operating income.




                                                                                                                                     2019 Annual Report         269
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      54 Segment reporting (Continued)
             (b)   Geographical segments
                   The Group operates principally in Mainland China with branches located in 31 provinces, autonomous regions
                   and municipalities. The Bank’s principal subsidiaries, CNCB Investment and CIFH are registered and operating
                   in Hong Kong. The other subsidiaries, Lin’an Rural Bank and CFLL are registered in Mainland China.

                   In presenting information by geographical segments, operating income is allocated based on the location of
                   the branches that generated the revenue. Segment assets and capital expenditure are allocated based on the
                   geographical location of the underlying assets.

                   Geographical segments, as defined for management reporting purposes, are as follows:

                   —      “Yangtze River Delta” refers to the following areas where Tier-One branches of the Group are located:
                          Shanghai, Nanjing, Suzhou, Hangzhou and Ningbo, as well as Lin’an Rural Bank;

                   —      “Pearl River Delta and West Strait” refers to the following areas where Tier-One branches of the Group
                          are located: Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Dongguan, Fuzhou, Xiamen, and Haikou;

                   —      “Bohai Rim” refers to the following areas where Tier-One branches of the Group are located: Beijing,
                          Tianjin, Dalian, Qingdao, Shijiazhuang, Jinan and CFLL;

                   —      “Central” region refers to the following areas where Tier-One branches of the Group are located: Hefei,
                          Zhengzhou, Wuhan, Changsha, Taiyuan and Nanchang;

                   —      “Western” region refers to the following areas where Tier-One branches of the Group are located: Chengdu,
                          Chongqing, Xi’an, Kunming, Nanning, Hohhot, Urumqi, Guiyang, Lanzhou, Xining, Yinchuan and
                          Lhasa;

                   —      “Northeastern” region refers to the following areas where Tier-One branches of the Group is located:
                          Shenyang, Changchun and Harbin;

                   —      “Head Office” refers to the headquarter of the Bank and the Credit Card Center; and

                   —      “Overseas” includes all the operations of London branch, CNCB Investment, CIFH and its subsidiaries.




270   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                                    (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



54 Segment reporting (Continued)
    (b)   Geographical segments (Continued)
                                                                                                                31 December 2019
                                                              Yangtze    Pearl River
                                                                River     Delta and       Bohai                                            Head
                                                                Delta    West Strait       Rim       Central   Western Northeastern        Office    Overseas Elimination         Total
           External net interest income                       35,906         22,013       6,971      21,000     21,457        2,331       11,490       6,103            —      127,271
           Internal net interest income/(expense)             (9,879)        (5,000)     13,226      (6,403)    (9,536)        (501)      18,314        (221)           —           —
           Net interest income                                26,027         17,013      20,197      14,597     11,921        1,830       29,804       5,882            —      127,271
           Net fee and commission income                       2,852          2,421       4,232       1,634      1,475          325       32,132       1,313            —       46,384
           Other net income (Note (i))                           593            199         467         130        175           37       11,753         872            —       14,226
           Operating income                                   29,472         19,633      24,896      16,361     13,571        2,192       73,689       8,067            —      187,881
           Operating expense
             — depreciation and amortisation                     (933)         (755)        (894)      (695)      (842)        (228)       (1,190)      (529)           —        (6,066)
             — others                                          (8,004)       (5,844)      (7,448)    (5,015)    (4,642)      (1,221)      (12,978)    (2,950)           —       (48,102)
           Credit impairment losses                            (9,475)       (9,808)     (13,369)    (6,247)   (10,820)      (3,263)      (22,527)    (1,170)           —       (76,679)
           Impairment losses on other assets                     (169)           —          (205)       (67)       (71)         (19)           —         (45)           —          (576)
           Revaluation gain on investment properties               —             —            —          —          —            —             —         (15)           —           (15)
           Share of loss of associates and joint ventures          —             —            —          —          —            —            154        (52)           —           102
           Profit before tax                                  10,891          3,226       2,980       4,337     (2,804)      (2,539)      37,148       3,306            —       56,545
           Income tax                                                                                                                                                            (7,551)
           Profit for the year                                                                                                                                                  48,994
           Capital expenditure                                   475            168         235         125       621              44      2,571        209             —        4,448

                                                                                                                31 December 2019
                                                              Yangtze    Pearl River
                                                                River     Delta and       Bohai                                            Head
                                                                Delta    West Strait       Rim       Central   Western Northeastern        Office    Overseas Elimination         Total
           Segment assets                                   1,400,247      810,404     1,440,563    656,139    585,993      106,531     2,730,391    327,807    (1,353,409)   6,714,666
           Interest in associates and joint ventures               —            —             —          —          —            —          3,027        645            —         3,672
           Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                                                   32,095
           Total assets                                                                                                                                                       6,750,433
           Segment liabilities                              1,021,511      624,170     1,212,606    554,658    457,021       94,420     3,312,559    272,066    (1,331,112)   6,217,899
           Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                                  10
           Total liabilities                                                                                                                                                  6,217,909
           Off-balance sheet credit commitments              204,838       149,346      118,966     151,951     82,348       10,047      538,324      19,255            —     1,275,075




                                                                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report              271
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      54 Segment reporting (Continued)
             (b)   Geographical segments (Continued)
                                                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2018
                                                                        Yangtze    Pearl River
                                                                          River     Delta and       Bohai                                                 Head
                                                                          Delta    West Strait       Rim      Central       Western Northeastern          Office    Overseas   Elimination       Total
                     External net interest income                       26,679         17,920      14,234      16,865        17,332          2,334       11,644       5,904            —      112,912
                     Internal net interest income/(expense)             (3,327)          (300)      6,477      (2,907)       (5,703)          (489)       6,578        (329)           —           —
                     Net interest income                                23,352         17,620      20,711      13,958        11,629          1,845       18,222       5,575            —      112,912
                     Net fee and commission income                       3,047          2,756       4,571       1,603         1,603            341       21,648       1,439            —       37,008
                     Other net income (Note (i))                           991            216         638         112           103             26       12,979         781            —       15,846
                     Operating income                                   27,390         20,592      25,920      15,673        13,335          2,212       52,849       7,795            —      165,766
                     Operating expense
                       — depreciation and amortisation                     (515)         (266)        (375)      (342)          (419)         (127)         (704)      (194)           —        (2,942)
                       — others                                          (7,404)       (5,628)      (7,581)    (5,066)        (5,062)       (1,194)      (14,892)    (2,831)           —       (49,658)
                     Credit impairment losses                            (8,378)       (6,669)     (11,366)    (6,131)        (8,000)       (4,419)      (11,821)    (1,102)           —       (57,886)
                     Impairment losses on other assets                     (113)           (9)         (66)        —             (83)           (9)           —         (67)           —          (347)
                     Revaluation gain on investment properties               —             —            —          —              —             —             —          35            —            35
                     Share of loss of associates and joint ventures          —             —            —          —              —             —           (288)      (354)           —          (642)
                     Profit before tax                                  10,980          8,020       6,532       4,134          (229)        (3,537)      25,144       3,282            —       54,326
                     Income tax                                                                                                                                                                 (8,950)
                     Profit for the year                                                                                                                                                       45,376
                     Capital expenditure                                   331          1,017         171        144            311              42       1,641         446            —        4,103

                                                                                                                              31 December 2018
                                                                        Yangtze    Pearl River
                                                                          River     Delta and       Bohai                                                 Head
                                                                          Delta    West Strait       Rim      Central       Western Northeastern          Office    Overseas   Elimination       Total
                     Segment assets                                   1,184,230      812,520     1,255,616    594,775       539,071         97,329     2,442,818    337,570    (1,224,270)   6,039,659
                     Interest in associates and joint ventures               —            —             —          —             —              —          2,878      1,003            —         3,881
                     Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                                                        23,174
                     Total assets                                                                                                                                                            6,066,714
                     Segment liabilities                              1,191,150      800,478     1,228,822    596,075       524,880        106,680     2,084,629    282,868    (1,201,970)   5,613,612
                     Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                                       16
                     Total liabilities                                                                                                                                                       5,613,628
                     Off-balance sheet credit commitments              189,531       133,112      125,076     140,766        77,284         10,914      427,397      16,127            —     1,120,207

                   Note:


                   (i)          Other net income consists of net trading gain, net gain from investment securities, net hedging loss and other operating income.




272   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management
    This section presents information about the Group’s exposure to and its management and control of risks, in particular
    the primary risks associated with its use of financial instruments:

    —      Credit risk	Credit risk represents the potential loss that may arise from the failure of a customer or
                        counterparty to meet its contractual obligations or commitments to the Group.

    —      Market risk	Market risk arises from unfavourable changes in market prices (interest rate, exchange rate,
                        stock price or commodity price) that lead to a loss of on-balance sheet or off-balance sheet
                        business in the Group.

    —      Liquidity risk	Liquidity risk arises when the Group, in meeting the demand of liabilities due and other
                           payment obligations as well as the needs of business expansion, is unable to sufficiently,
                           timely or cost-effectively acquire funds.

    —      Operational risk	Operational risk arises from inappropriate or problematic internal procedures, personnel,
                             IT systems, or external events, such risk includes legal risk, but excluding strategy risk and
                             reputational risk.

    The Group has established policies and procedures to identify and analyse these risks, to set appropriate risk limits and
    controls, and to constantly monitor the risks and limits by means of reliable and up-to-date management information
    systems. The Group regularly modifies and enhances its risk management policies and systems to reflect changes in
    markets, products and best practice risk management processes. Internal auditors also perform regular audits to ensure
    compliance with relevant policies and procedures.

    (a)    Credit risk
           Credit risk management
           Credit risk refers to the risk of loss caused by default of debtor or counterparty. Credit risk also occurs when
           the Group makes unauthorised or inappropriate loans and advances to customers, financial commitments or
           investments. The credit risk exposure of the Group mainly arises from the Group’s loan and advance to customers,
           treasury businesses and off-balance sheet items.

           The Group has standardised management on the entire credit business process including loan application and
           its investigation, approval and granting of loan, and monitoring of non-performing loans. Through strictly
           standardising the credit business process, strengthening the whole process management of pre-loan investigation,
           credit rating and credit granting, examination and approval, loan review and post-loan monitoring, improving
           the risk of slow-release of collateral, accelerating the disposal of non-performing loans, and promoting the
           upgrading and transformation of credit management system, the credit risk management of the Group has been
           comprehensively improved.

           The Group writes off the recoverable financial asset when it cannot reasonably expect to recover all or part of the
           asset. Signs indicating that the recoverable amount cannot be reasonably expected include: (1) the enforcement
           has been terminated, and (2) the Group’s recovery method is to confiscate and dispose of the collateral, but the
           expected value of the collateral cannot cover the entire principal and interest.

           In addition to the credit risk to the Group caused by credit assets, the Group manages the credit risk for treasury
           businesses through prudently selecting peers and other financial institutions with comparable credit levels as
           counterparties, balancing credit risk with returns on investment, comprehensively considering internal and external
           credit rating information, granting credit hierarchy, and using credit management system to review and adjust
           credit commitments on a timely basis, etc. In addition, the Group provides off-balance sheet commitment and
           guarantee businesses to customers, so it is possible for the Group to make payment on behalf of the customer
           in case of customer’s default and bear risks similar to the loan. Therefore, the Group applies similar risk control
           procedures and policies to such business to reduce the credit risk.




                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report     273
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
                   Measurement of expected credit losses
                   Since 1 January 2018, the Group adapts, the “expected credit loss model” on its debt instruments which are
                   classified as financial assets of debt instruments and off balance sheet credit assets measured at amortised cost
                   and at fair value through other comprehensive income in accordance with the provisions of IFRS 9.

                   For financial assets that are included in the measurement of expected credit losses (“ECL”), the Group evaluates
                   whether the credit risks of related financial assets have increased significantly since the initial recognition.
                   The “three-stage” impairment model is used to measure their allowances for impairment losses respectively to
                   recognise ECL and their movements:

                   Stage 1: Financial instruments with no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition will be classified
                   as “stage 1” and the Group continuously monitors their credit risk. The allowance of impairment losses of
                   financial instruments in Stage 1 is measured based on the ECL in the next 12 months, which represents the
                   proportion of the ECL in the lifetime due to possible default events in the next 12 months.

                   Stage 2: If there is a significant increase in credit risk from initial recognition, the Group transfers the related
                   financial instruments to Stage 2, but it will not be considered as credit-impaired instruments. The ECL of
                   financial instruments in Stage 2 is measured based on the lifetime ECL.

                   Stage 3: If there is a credit impairment in financial instruments, it will be moved to Stage 3. The ECL of
                   financial instruments in Stage 3 is measured based on the lifetime ECL.

                   POCI financial assets refers to financial assets that are credit-impaired at initial recognition. Allowance for
                   impairment losses on these assets are the lifetime ECL.

                   The Group measures the ECL for financial assets through testing models, which includes expected loss model
                   and discounted cash flows model. The expected loss model method is applicable to assets related to personal
                   client, assets related to corporate client in stage 1 and 2, interbank investments and off-balance sheet credit
                   assets. Discounted cash flows model is applicable to assets related to corporate client in stage 3.

                   The Group estimate the ECL in accordance with the IFRS 9, the key judgments and assumptions adopted by
                   the Group are as follows:

                   (1)    Significant increase in credit risk
                          On each reporting date, the Group evaluates whether the credit risk of the relevant financial instruments
                          has increased significantly since the initial recognition. When one or more on quantitative or qualitative
                          threshold, or upper limit are triggered, the credit risk of financial instruments would be considered as
                          increased significantly.

                          By setting quantitative and qualitative threshold, and upper limit, the Group determines whether the
                          credit risk of financial instruments has increased significantly since initial recognition. The judgment
                          mainly includes (1) credit risk of borrowers declining to Grade 15 or below since initial recognition; (2)
                          adverse changes in business, financial or operating conditions of borrowers and in economic conditions;
                          (3) significant increase in other credit risk. For the borrowers who are 30 days (exclusive) to 90 days
                          (inclusive) past due on their contractual payments (including principal and interest), the Group considers
                          that their credit risk has increased significantly and classifies them to stage 2.




274   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                   (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
          Measurement of expected credit losses (Continued)
          (2)   Definition of credit-impaired assets
                When credit impairment occurred, the Group defines that the financial asset is in default. In general, a
                financial asset that is overdue for more than 90 days is considered to be in default.

                When one or more events that adversely affect the expected future cash flow of a financial asset occurs,
                the financial asset becomes a credit-impaired financial asset. Evidence of credit-impaired financial assets
                includes the following observable information:

                •      The issuer or borrower is in significant financial difficulties;

                •      The borrower is in breach of financial covenant(s) such as default or overdue in repayment of
                       interests or principle, etc;

                •      The creditor gives the debtor no concession under any other circumstances, for economic or
                       contractual reasons relating to the debtor’s financial difficulties;

                •      It is becoming probably that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other debt restructuring;

                •      An active market for that financial asset has disappeared because of financial difficulties from
                       issuer or borrower;

                •      Financial assets are purchased or originated at a deep discount that reflects the incurred credit
                       losses.

                The Group’s default definition has been consistently applied to the modeling of default probability,
                default risk exposure and default loss rate in the Group’s ECL calculation process.

          (3)   Inputs for measurement of expected credit losses
                The expected credit loss is measured on either a 12 months or lifetime basis depending on whether a
                significant increase in credit risk has occurred or whether an asset is considered to be credit-impaired.
                Related definitions are as follows:

                •      The probability of default (“PD”) represents the likelihood of a borrower defaulting on its financial
                       obligations, either over the next 12 months or over the remaining lifetime of the obligation.

                •      Loss given default (“LGD”) represents the Group’s expectation of the extent of loss on a defaulted
                       exposure. LGD varies by type of counterparty, type and seniority of claim, and availability of
                       collateral or other credit support. LGD is expressed as a percentage loss per unit of exposure at
                       the time of default and is calculated on a 12-month or lifetime basis.

                •      Exposure at default (“EAD”) is based on the amounts that the Group expects to be owned at the
                       time of default, over the next 12 months or over the remaining lifetime of the obligation.

                The Group regularly monitors and reviews the assumptions related to the calculation of ECL, including
                the PD and the change in the value of collateral over time.

                The Group categorises exposures with similar risk characteristics and estimates the PD, LGD, EAD by the
                exposures respectively. The Group has obtained sufficient information to ensure its statistical reliability.
                ECL of the Group is measured based on the continuous assessment and follow-up of individuals and
                their financial status.

                During the reporting period, there were no significant changes in the estimated technology or key
                assumptions.
                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report    275
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
                   Measurement of expected credit losses (Continued)
                   (4)    Forward-looking information
                          The assessment of significant increase in credit risk and the calculation of ECL incorporates forward-
                          looking information. The Group has performed historical analysis and identified the key economic
                          variables impacting credit risk and ECL for each asset portfolio.

                          These economic variables and their associated impact on the PD vary by financial instruments. Expert
                          judgment has been applied in this process, forecasts of these economic variables are estimated by the
                          experts of the Group on a quarterly basis, and the impact of these economic variables on the PD and
                          the exposure at default was determined by statistical regression analysis.

                          In addition to the neutral economic scenario, the Group determine the possible scenarios and their
                          weightings by a combination of statistical analysis and expert judgment. The Group measures ECL as
                          either a probability weighted 12 months ECL (stage 1) or a probability weighted lifetime ECL (stage
                          2 and stage 3). These probability-weighted ECL are determined by running each scenario through the
                          relevant ECL model and multiplying it by the appropriate scenario weighting.

                          Macroeconomic scenario and weighting information
                          The Group has built a macro forecast model, and performed historical analysis and identified the key
                          economic variables impacting credit risk and ECL for each portfolio, such as domestic Gross Domestic
                          Product (“GDP”), electricity production and registered urban unemployment rate, etc.

                          In 2019, the Group has considered different macroeconomic scenarios, and the key macroeconomic
                          scenario assumptions in estimating ECL are set out below:

                            Variables                                                                                          Range
                            Growth rate of domestic GDP, year on year                                                  5.70%~6.41%
                            Accumulated electricity production, year on year                                           1.76%~7.24%
                            Registered urban unemployment rate                                                         3.56%~3.73%

                          Adopt top-down development approach, the Group has established models including different key
                          economic indicators is established with the new actual default rate of regression model, and use the
                          prediction results and historic default information adjustment coefficient calculation, then realise the
                          provisions for forward-looking adjustment.

                          The Group considers internal and external data, experts predict, and the best estimate of future, to
                          determine the weightings in positive, neutral and negative scenarios. Neutral is defined as the most likely
                          to happen in the future, as compare to other scenarios. Optimistic scenario and pessimistic scenario
                          represents the possible scenario that is better off or worse off scenario compared to neutral scenario
                          respectively. Currently, the weighting of neutral scenario is equal to the sum of the weightings of other
                          scenarios. Following this assessment, the Group measures ECL as a weighted average probability of ECL
                          in the next 12-month under the three scenarios for Stage 1 financial instruments; and a weighted average
                          probability of lifetime ECL for Stage 2 and 3 financial instruments.

                          For portfolio cannot establish regression model, such as customer default rate is extremely low, or no
                          suitable internal rating data portfolio, etc., the Group mainly uses the regression model has been established
                          a similar combination than expected losses, in order to increase the coverage of existing impairment model.




276   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                               (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
          Measurement of expected credit losses (Continued)
          (5)   Sensitivity information and management’s overlay
                The change of the inputs for measurement of ECL and forward-looking information impact the assessment
                of significant increase in credit risk and measurement of credit loss.

                As at 31 December 2019, assuming the weighting of optimistic scenario increased by 10% while the
                weighting of neutral scenario decreased by 10%, the allowance for credit impairment losses of the Group
                will be decreased by RMB2.345 billion (as at 31 December 2018: RMB2.868 billion); assuming the
                weighting of pessimistic scenario increased by 10% while the weighting of neutral scenario decreased by
                10%, the allowance for credit impairment losses of the Group will be increased by RMB1.896 billion
                (as at 31 December 2018: RMB2.166 billion);

                For new changes in the external economic situation not captured by the model, the Group has also
                considered and increased the allowances for expected credit losses to further improve its risk mitigation
                capacity.

                Allowance for impairment losses of performing loans and advances to customers consists of ECL from
                Stage 1 and Stage 2 which is measured based on 12 months ECL and lifetime ECL respectively. Loans
                and advances to customers in Stage 1 transfer to Stage 2 when there is a significant increase in credit risk.
                The following table presents the estimated impact as if the ECL of all performing loans and advancs to
                customers are measured based on 12 months ECL, holding all other risk profile constant.

                                                                                    31 December              31 December
                                                                                           2019                     2018
                  Performing loans and advances to customers
                  Allowance of impairment losses assuming loans in
                    stage 2 transfer to stage 1                                            59,919                  53,070
                  Impact of stage transfers                                                 2,098                   1,790
                  Current allowance for impairment losses                                  62,017                  54,860




                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report      277
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
                   Measurement of expected credit losses (Continued)
                   (5)    Sensitivity information and management’s overlay (Continued)
                          (i)    Maximum credit risk exposure
                                 The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date without taking into consideration of
                                 any collateral held or other credit enhancement is represented by the net balance of each type of
                                 financial assets in the consolidated statement of financial position after deducting any allowance
                                 for impairment losses. A summary of the maximum exposure is as follows:

                                                                                                         31 December 2019
                                                                                                                                  Not
                                                                                     Stage 1   Stage 2          Stage 3     applicable       Total
                                   Balances with central banks                      456,813        —                —              —      456,813
                                   Deposits with bank and non-bank financial
                                     institutions                                   121,297        —                —              —      121,297
                                   Placements with and loans to banks and
                                     non-bank financial institutions                204,547        —                —              —      204,547
                                   Derivative financial assets                           —         —                —          17,117      17,117
                                   Financial assets held under resale agreements      9,954        —                —              —        9,954
                                   Interest receivables
                                   Loans and advances to customers                 3,798,800   71,130           15,757          6,915    3,892,602
                                   Financial investments
                                     — at fair value through profit or loss              —         —                —        317,546      317,546
                                     — at amortised cost                            907,906    10,458            5,870            —       924,234
                                     — at fair value through other
                                            comprehensive income                    628,457       123              200             —      628,780
                                     — designated at fair value through
                                            other comprehensive income                   —         —                —           3,036       3,036
                                   Other financial assets                            31,138     2,118              728             —       33,984
                                   Subtotal                                        6,158,912   83,829           22,555       344,614     6,609,910
                                   Credit commitments                              1,266,571    8,316              188            —      1,275,075
                                   Maximum credit risk exposure                    7,425,483   92,145           22,743       344,614     7,884,985




278   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                        (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
          Measurement of expected credit losses (Continued)
          (5)   Sensitivity information and management’s overlay (Continued)
                (i)    Maximum credit risk exposure (Continued)
                                                                                               31 December 2018
                                                                                                                        Not
                                                                          Stage 1    Stage 2          Stage 3     applicable       Total
                        Balances with central banks                      532,520         —                —              —      532,520
                        Deposits with bank and non-bank financial
                          institutions                                    99,153         —                —              —       99,153
                        Placements with and loans to banks and
                          non-bank financial institutions                 176,159         —                1            —        176,160
                        Derivative financial assets                            —          —               —         31,991        31,991
                        Financial assets held under resale agreements      10,790         —               —             —         10,790
                        Interest receivables                                   —          —               —             —             —
                        Loans and advances to customers(note (i))       3,425,701     70,888          19,061            —      3,515,650
                        Financial investments
                          — at fair value through profit or loss              —           —               —        308,872      308,872
                          — at amortised cost                            773,878       3,738             622            —       778,238
                          — at fair value through other
                              comprehensive
                                 income                                  510,020        105              221             —      510,346
                          — designated at fair value through other
                                 comprehensive income                         —           —               —           2,707       2,707
                        Other financial assets                            17,440       2,191           4,667             —       24,298
                        Subtotal                                        5,545,661     76,922          24,572       343,570     5,990,725
                        Credit commitments                              1,114,830      5,257             120            —      1,120,207
                        Maximum credit risk exposure                    6,660,491     82,179          24,692       343,570     7,110,932

                       According to the quality of assets, the Group classified the credit rating of the financial assets
                       as risk level 1, risk level 2, risk level 3 and default. “Risk level 1” refers to customers who have
                       competitive advantages among local peers with good foundations, outstanding operation results,
                       strong operational and financial strength, and/or good corporate governance structure. “Risk
                       level 2” refers to customers who are in the middle tier among local peers with fair foundations,
                       fair operation results, fair operational and financial strength, and/or fair corporate governance
                       structure. “Risk level 3” refers to customers who are in the lower-tier among local peers, with weak
                       foundations, poor operation results, poor operational and financial strength, and/or deficiency in
                       corporate governance structure. The definition of “Default” is same as the definition of credit-
                       impaired. The credit rating is used for internal risk management.




                                                                                                                    2019 Annual Report     279
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
                   Measurement of expected credit losses (Continued)
                   (5)    Sensitivity information and management’s overlay (Continued)
                          (i)    Maximum credit risk exposure (Continued)
                                 The following table provides an analysis of loans and advances to customers and financial
                                 investments that are included in the ECL assessment according to the credit risk level. The book
                                 value of the following financial assets is the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk for these assets.

                                                                                                                          31 December 2019
                                                                                                                                                          Allowance
                                                                                                                                                                 for
                                                                                                                                                         impairment
                                                                             Risk level 1   Risk level 2   Risk level 3         Default       Subtotal        losses    Net balance
                                   Loans and advances to customers
                                     (Note(i))
                                     Stage 1                               3,143,219           621,373         69,770               —        3,834,362       (35,562)    3,798,800
                                     Stage 2                                   2,154            11,153         83,911               —           97,218       (26,088)       71,130
                                     Stage 3                                      —                 —              —            69,596          69,596       (53,839)       15,757
                                   Financial investments at amortised cost
                                     Stage 1                                 830,071            80,948             501              —         911,520         (3,614)      907,906
                                     Stage 2                                      —             10,792              —               —          10,792           (334)       10,458
                                     Stage 3                                      —                 —               —            8,698          8,698         (2,828)        5,870
                                   Financial investments at fair value
                                     through other comprehensive income
                                     Stage 1                                 577,688            50,769              —               —         628,457         (1,331)      628,457
                                     Stage 2                                      —                123              —               —             123             (3)          123
                                     Stage 3                                      —                 —               —              200            200           (297)          200
                                   Maximum credit risk exposure               4,553,132        775,158        154,182           78,494       5,560,966      (123,896)    5,438,701

                                                                                                                          31 December 2018
                                                                                                                                                       Allowance for
                                                                                                                                                         impairment
                                                                             Risk level 1   Risk level 2   Risk level 3         Default       Subtotal         losses   Net balance
                                   Loans and advances to customers
                                     (Note(i))
                                     Stage 1                                   2,713,135       683,890          60,616               —       3,457,641       (31,940)    3,425,701
                                     Stage 2                                         414         9,373          83,889               —          93,676       (22,788)       70,888
                                     Stage 3                                          —             —               —            65,433         65,433       (46,372)       19,061
                                   Financial investments at amortised cost
                                     Stage 1                                    671,939        104,619              —                —        776,558         (2,680)      773,878
                                     Stage 2                                         —           3,890              —                —          3,890           (152)        3,738
                                     Stage 3                                         —              —               —             1,160         1,160           (538)          622
                                   Financial investments at fair value
                                     through comprehensive income
                                     Stage 1                                    493,858          16,162             —               —         510,020           (727)      510,020
                                     Stage 2                                         —              105             —               —             105             (2)          105
                                     Stage 3                                         —               —              —              221            221           (310)          221
                                   Maximum credit risk exposure                3,879,346       818,039        144,505            66,814      4,908,704      (105,509)    4,804,234

                                 Note:


                                 Loans and advances to customers includes loans and advances to customers measured at fair value through other comprehensive income,
                                 and its corresponding impairment does not include in the “Allowance for impairment losses” as shown in the table.

280   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                               (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
          Measurement of expected credit losses (Continued)
          (5)   Sensitivity information and management’s overlay (Continued)
                (ii)   Measurement of expected credit losses
                       The following table shows the movement in carrying value of loans and advances to customers
                       in current reporting period:

                                                                                     31 December 2019
                                                                          Stage 1            Stage 2            Stage 3
                        As at 1 January 2019                           3,457,641             93,676             65,433
                        Movements
                          Net transfers out from Stage 1                (113,799)                —                  —
                          Net transfers in to Stage 2                         —              42,217                 —
                          Net transfers in to Stage 3                         —                  —              71,582

                        Net transactions incurred during
                          the year (Note(i))                             486,777            (38,913)            (6,733)
                        Write-off                                             —                  —             (60,686)
                        Others (Note(ii))                                  3,743                238                 —
                        As at 31 December 2019                         3,834,362             97,218             69,596

                                                                                     31 December 2018
                                                                          Stage 1            Stage 2            Stage 3
                        As at 1 January 2018                           3,036,736             92,227             67,933
                        Movements
                          Net transfers out from Stage 1                  (84,271)               —                  —
                          Net transfers in to Stage 2                          —             11,115                 —
                          Net transfers in to Stage 3                          —                 —              73,156

                        Net transactions incurred during
                          the year (Note(i))                             495,119            (10,215)            (28,961)
                        Write-off                                             —                  —              (46,938)
                        Others (Note(ii))                                 10,057                549                 243
                        As at 31 December 2018                         3,457,641             93,676             65,433




                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report   281
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
                   Measurement of expected credit losses (Continued)
                   (5)    Sensitivity information and management’s overlay (Continued)
                          (ii)   Measurement of expected credit losses (Continued)
                                 The following table shows the movement in carrying value of financial investment in current
                                 reporting period:

                                                                                                                  31 December 2019
                                                                                                      Stage 1             Stage 2                    Stage 3
                                   As at 1 January 2019                                           1,286,574                        3,995               1,385
                                   Movements
                                     Net transfers out from Stage 1                                  (11,260)                        —                     —
                                     Net transfers in to Stage 2                                          —                      10,368                    —
                                     Net transfers in to Stage 3                                          —                          —                    892

                                   Net transactions incurred during
                                     the year (Note(i))                                              253,869                     (3,516)               6,810
                                   Write-off                                                              —                          —                  (186)
                                   Others (Note(ii))                                                  10,794                         68                   (3)
                                   As at 31 December 2019                                         1,539,977                      10,915                8,898

                                                                                                                   31 December 2018
                                                                                                       Stage 1             Stage 2                    Stage 3
                                   As at 1 January 2018                                           1,064,552                           347                   45
                                   Movements
                                     Net transfers out from Stage 1                                    (8,430)                        —                    —
                                     Net transfers in to Stage 2                                           —                       3,875                   —
                                     Net transfers in to Stage 3                                           —                          —                 4,555

                                   Net transactions incurred during
                                     the year (Note(i))                                              227,172                         (236)             (2,528)
                                   Write-off                                                              —                            —                 (689)
                                   Others (Note(ii))                                                   3,280                            9                   2
                                   As at 31 December 2018                                         1,286,574                        3,995                1,385

                                 Notes:


                                 (i)      Net transactions incurred during the year mainly includes changes in carrying amount due to purchased, originated or de-
                                          recognition excepting for write-off.


                                 (ii)     Others include changes of interest receivables, and effect of exchange differences during the year.




282   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                             (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
          Measurement of expected credit losses (Continued)
          (5)   Sensitivity information and management’s overlay (Continued)
                (ii)   Measurement of expected credit losses (Continued)
                       The following table shows the movement in allowance for impairment of loans and advances to
                       customers in current reporting period:

                                                                                     31 December 2019
                                                                        Stage 1              Stage 2             Stage 3
                        As at 1 January 2019                             32,072              22,788              46,372
                        Movements (Note(i))
                          Net transfers out from Stage 1                 (2,328)                 —                   —
                          Net transfers in to Stage 2                        —                6,134                  —
                          Net transfers in to Stage 3                        —                   —               42,339

                        Net transactions incurred during
                          the year (Note(ii))                              5,769             (8,610)              (1,738)
                        Changes in parameters for the year
                          (Note(iii))                                          327            5,747              21,153
                        Write-off                                               —                —              (60,686)
                        Others (Notes(iv))                                     175               29               6,413
                        As at 31 December 2019                           36,015              26,088              53,853

                                                                                     31 December 2018
                                                                         Stage 1             Stage 2             Stage 3
                        As at 1 January 2018                             30,664              24,674              42,565
                        Movements (Note(i))
                          Net transfers out from Stage 1                 (1,870)                 —                   —
                          Net transfers in to Stage 2                        —                  515                  —
                          Net transfers in to Stage 3                        —                   —               48,640

                        Net transactions incurred during
                          the year (Note(ii))                              4,702              (1,838)             (1,337)
                        Changes in parameters for the year
                          (Note(iii))                                    (1,540)               (625)               1,107
                        Write-off                                            —                   —               (46,938)
                        Others (Notes(iv))                                  116                  62                2,335
                        As at 31 December 2018                           32,072              22,788              46,372




                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report   283
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
                   Measurement of expected credit losses (Continued)
                   (5)    Sensitivity information and management’s overlay (Continued)
                          (ii)   Measurement of expected credit losses (Continued)
                                 The following table shows the movement in allowance for impairment of financial investment in
                                 current reporting period:

                                                                                                                    31 December 2019
                                                                                                      Stage 1               Stage 2                    Stage 3
                                   As at 1 January 2019                                                 3,407                      154                      848
                                   Movements (Note(i))
                                     Net transfers out from Stage 1                                          (56)                   —                        —
                                     Net transfers in to Stage 2                                              —                    195                       —
                                     Net transfers in to Stage 3                                              —                     —                       138

                                   Net transactions incurred during
                                     the year (Note(ii))                                                1,610                      (12)                  2,135
                                   Changes in parameters for the year
                                     (Note(iii))                                                             (23)                    —                      190
                                   Write-off                                                                  —                      —                     (186)
                                   Others (Notes(iv))                                                         (7)                    —                       —
                                   As at 31 December 2019                                               4,945                      337                   3,125

                                                                                                                    31 December 2018
                                                                                                      Stage 1               Stage 2                     Stage 3
                                   As at 1 January 2018                                                 3,953                        10                       31
                                   Movements (Note(i))
                                     Net transfers out from Stage 1                                         (239)                   —                        —
                                     Net transfers in to Stage 2                                              —                    144                       —
                                     Net transfers in to Stage 3                                              —                     —                     1,843

                                   Net transactions incurred during
                                     the year (Note(ii))                                                    370                      —                        —
                                   Changes in parameters for the year
                                     (Note(iii))                                                            (703)                    —                     (341)
                                   Write-off                                                                  —                      —                     (689)
                                   Others (Notes(iv))                                                         26                     —                        4
                                   As at 31 December 2018                                               3,407                      154                      848

                                 Notes:


                                 (i)      Movements in allowance for impairment during the year mainly include the impact of stage changes on the measurement of
                                          ECLs.


                                 (ii)     Net transactions incurred during the year mainly includes changes in allowance for impairment due to financial assets
                                          purchased, originated or de-recognition (excluding write-offs).


                                 (iii)    Changes in parameters mainly include changes in risk exposures and the impacts on ECLs due to changes in PDs and LGDs
                                          following regular updates on modelling parameters rather than stages movements,.


                                 (iv)     Others include recovery of loans written off, changes of impairment losses of interest receivables, and effect of exchange
                                          differences.


284   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                       (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
          Measurement of expected credit losses (Continued)
          (5)   Sensitivity information and management’s overlay (Continued)
                (iii)   Loans and advances to customers analysed by industry sector:
                                                                         31 December 2019                     31 December 2018
                                                                                        Loans and                             Loans and
                                                                                          advances                              advances
                                                                    Gross               secured by      Gross                 secured by
                                                                   balance         % collateral        balance          %       collateral
                         Corporate loans
                           — rental and business services         352,732          8.8    190,879     282,699           7.8       177,013
                           — real estate                          288,975          7.2    256,672     312,923           8.7       273,640
                           — water, environment and public
                                 utility management               268,942          6.7    124,285     208,922           5.8       106,882
                           — manufacturing                        257,675          6.4    114,547     295,005           8.2       140,199
                           — transportation, storage and
                                 postal services                  152,127          3.8     70,036     151,038           4.2        76,331
                           — wholesale and retail                 146,883          3.7     87,346     151,391           4.2        89,064
                           — construction                          94,701          2.4     44,461      79,086           2.2        31,980
                           — production and supply of
                                 electric power, gas and water     66,215          1.7     47,132      72,938           2.0        40,669
                           — public management and
                                 social organisations              12,743          0.3      6,733      13,366           0.4         2,721
                           — others                               314,526          7.8    135,663     313,757           8.6       128,377
                         Subtotal                                1,955,519       48.8    1,077,754   1,881,125         52.1     1,066,876
                         Personal loans                          1,730,814       43.2    1,142,987   1,484,490         41.0     1,000,203
                         Discounted bills                          311,654        7.7           —      242,797          6.7            —
                         Accrued interest                           10,104        0.3           —        8,338          0.2            —
                         Gross loans and advances to customers 4,008,091        100.0    2,220,741   3,616,750        100.0     2,067,079

                (iv)    Loans and advances to customers analysed by geographical sector:
                                                                         31 December 2019                     31 December 2018
                                                                                        Loans and                             Loans and
                                                                                          advances                              advances
                                                                    Gross               secured by      Gross                 secured by
                                                                   balance         % collateral        balance          %       collateral
                         Bohai Rim (including Head Office)       1,224,035       30.5     420,248    1,123,293         31.1       426,447
                         Yangtze River Delta                       920,846       23.0     592,602      784,722         21.7       507,327
                         Pearl River Delta and West Strait         598,313       14.9     472,112      549,491         15.2       448,719
                         Central                                   534,366       13.3     329,238      463,100         12.8       296,286
                         Western                                   474,109       11.8     275,498      433,143         12.0       269,765
                         Northeastern                               77,694        1.9      55,767       75,682          2.1        51,582
                         Outside Mainland China                    168,624        4.3      75,276      178,981          4.9        66,953
                         Accrued interest                           10,104        0.3          —         8,338          0.2            —
                         Total                                   4,008,091      100.0    2,220,741   3,616,750        100.0     2,067,079




                                                                                                                   2019 Annual Report        285
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
                   Measurement of expected credit losses (Continued)
                   (5)    Sensitivity information and management’s overlay (Continued)
                          (v)    Loans and advances to customers analysed by type of security
                                                                                                  31 December           31 December
                                                                                                         2019                  2018
                                   Unsecured loans                                                     976,047              806,154
                                   Guaranteed loans                                                    489,545              492,382
                                   Secured loans                                                     2,220,741            2,067,079
                                     — loans secured by collateral                                   1,822,815            1,658,484
                                     — pledged loans                                                   397,926              408,595
                                   Subtotal                                                          3,686,333            3,365,615
                                   Discounted bills                                                    311,654              242,797
                                   Accrued interest                                                     10,104                8,338
                                   Gross loans and advances to customers                             4,008,091            3,616,750

                          (vi)   Rescheduled loans and advances to customers
                                                                                 31 December 2019              31 December 2018
                                                                                           % of total                     % of total
                                                                                   Gross    loans and            Gross     loans and
                                                                                 balance     advances          balance      advances
                                   Rescheduled loans and advances:                22,792         0.57%         21,588          0.60%
                                     — rescheduled loans and advances
                                           overdue more than 3 months             10,800         0.27%         18,748          0.52%

                                 Rescheduled loans and advances are those loans and advances to customers which have been
                                 restructured or renegotiated after their credit condition declined. And for the purpose of management,
                                 the group reorganizes the loans that have been classified as bad under the premise of satisfying
                                 credit enhancement, aiming at the deterioration of the borrower’s financial position before the
                                 loan matures. As at 31 December 2019, with borrowers’ financial difficulty, the concession the
                                 Group considered resulted from economic or legal reasons is not significant.




286   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                            (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
          Measurement of expected credit losses (Continued)
          (5)   Sensitivity information and management’s overlay (Continued)
                (vii)   Debt securities analysed by credit rating
                        The Group adopts a credit rating approach to manage credit risk of its debt instruments portfolio.
                        The ratings are obtained from major rating agencies where the debt instruments are issued. The
                        carrying amounts of debt instruments investments analysed by rating as at the end of the reporting
                        period are as follows:

                                                                                                    31 December 2019
                                                                     Unrated
                                                                    (Note (i))          AAA              AA              A      Below A           Total
                          Debt securities issued by:
                            — governments                            490,734        175,718         14,895           1,786             —       683,133
                            — policy banks                            94,455             —              —            6,062             —       100,517
                            — public entities                             —             102            346              —              —           448
                            — banks and non-bank financial
                                  institutions                         35,558       321,254          6,151         25,349          9,531       397,843
                            — corporates                               44,596        36,881         11,023         15,593          9,188       117,281
                          Investment management products
                            managed by securities companies          185,854               —            406             —              17      186,277
                          Trust investment plans                     157,194               —             —              —              —       157,194
                          Total                                    1,008,391        533,955         32,821         48,790         18,736 1,642,693

                                                                                                    31 December 2018
                                                                     Unrated
                                                                    (Note (i))          AAA              AA              A       Below A           Total
                          Debt securities issued by:
                            — governments                             371,368        114,370         11,693            265             —       497,696
                            — policy banks                            108,816          8,664             —           7,016             —       124,496
                            — public entities                             178             29          1,666             —              —         1,873
                            — banks and non-bank financial
                                  institutions                         26,995        181,031          4,569        23,595           9,591      245,781
                            — corporates                               55,240         48,675         10,047         7,230           6,254      127,446
                          Investment management products
                            managed by securities companies           228,392              —              —             —              —       228,392
                          Trust investment plans                      178,019              —              —             —              —       178,019
                          Total                                       969,008        352,769         27,975        38,106         15,845     1,403,703

                        Note:


                        (i)       Unrated debt securities held by the Group are primarily bonds issued by the Chinese government, policy banks, banks, non-
                                  bank financial institutions, investment management products managed by securities companies and trust investment plans.




                                                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report           287
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
                   Measurement of expected credit losses (Continued)
                   (5)    Sensitivity information and management’s overlay (Continued)
                          (viii) Investment management products managed by securities companies and trust investment plans
                                 analysed by type of underlying assets
                                                                                                31 December            31 December
                                                                                                       2019                   2018
                                   Investment management products managed by
                                     securities companies and trust investment plans
                                     — credit assets                                                  265,969               300,089
                                     — rediscounted bills                                              80,513                89,831
                                     — interbank assets products issued by other banks                     —                 16,650
                                   Total                                                              346,482               406,570

                                 The Group divides investment management products managed by securities companies and
                                 trust investment plans into comprehensive credit management system, to manage its credit risk
                                 exposure in a holistic manner. The type of collateral of credit assets includes guarantee, security
                                 by collateral, and pledge.

             (b)   Market risk
                   Market risk refers to risks that may cause a loss of on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet businesses for the
                   Group due to the adverse movement of market prices, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, stock
                   prices and commodity prices. The Group has established a market risk management system that formulates
                   procedures to identify, measure, supervise and control market risks. This system aims to limit market risk to an
                   acceptable level through examining and approving new products and limit management.

                   Risk and Internal Control Committee of the Group is responsible for approving market risk management policies,
                   establishing appropriate organisational structure and information systems to effectively identify, measure, monitor
                   and control market risks, and ensuring adequate resources to reinforce the market risk management. The Risk
                   Management Department is responsible for independently managing and controlling market risks of the Group,
                   including developing market risk management policies and authorisation limits, providing independent report
                   of market risk to identify, measure and monitor the Group’s market risk. Business departments are responsible
                   for the day-to-day management of market risks, including effectively identifying, measuring, controlling market
                   risk factors associated with the relevant operations, so as to ensure the dynamic balance between business
                   development and risk undertaking.

                   The Group uses sensitivity analysis, foreign exchange exposure and interest rate re-pricing gap analysis as the
                   primary instruments to monitor market risk.

                   Interest rate risk and currency risk are the major market risks that the Group is exposed to.

                   Interest rate risk
                   The Group’s interest rate exposures mainly arise from the mismatching of assets and liabilities’ re-pricing dates,
                   as well as the effect of interest rate volatility on trading positions.

                   The Group primarily uses gap analysis to assess and monitor its re-pricing risk and adjust the ratio of floating and
                   fixed rate exposures, the loan re-pricing cycle, as well as optimise the term structure of its deposits accordingly.




288   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (b)   Market risk (Continued)
          Interest rate risk (Continued)
          The Group implements various methods, such as duration analysis, sensitivity analysis, stress testing and scenario
          simulation, to measure, manage and report the interest rate risk on a regular basis.

          The following tables summarise the average interest rates, and the next re-pricing dates or contractual maturity
          date whichever is earlier for the assets and liabilities as at the end of each reporting date.

                                                                                                    31 December 2019
                                                                                                                        Between
                                                                                                                           three
                                                               Average                                  Less than        months     Between
                                                           interest rate             Non-interest           three       and one      one and    More than
                                                             (Note (i))        Total     bearing          months            year   five years    five years
           Assets
           Cash and balances with central banks                 1.55%       463,158       17,743         445,415             —            —             —
           Deposits with banks and non-bank
             financial institutions                             2.00%       121,297        1,349          53,285         66,663           —             —
           Placements with and loans to banks and
             non-bank financial institutions                    2.82%        204,547       1,218         149,333          39,546     14,450            —
           Financial assets held under resale agreements        2.13%          9,954          —            9,954              —          —             —
           Loans and advances to customers (Note (ii))          5.08%      3,892,602       9,958       1,580,543       1,155,741    317,997       828,363
           Financial investments
             — at fair value through profit or loss                         317,546      219,536          49,923         26,845      15,508         5,734
             — at amortised cost                                4.39%       924,234          112         362,026         78,763     367,340       115,993
             — at fair value through other
                   comprehensive income
             — designated at fair value through                 3.66%       628,780          427          44,913         92,694     348,325       142,421
               other comprehensive income                                     3,036        3,036              —              —           —             —
           Others                                                           185,279      185,279              —              —           —             —
           Total assets                                                    6,750,433     438,658       2,695,392       1,460,252   1,063,620    1,092,511
           Liabilities
           Borrowing from central banks                         3.34%       240,298           —           11,358        228,940           —             —
           Deposits from banks and non-bank
             financial institutions                             2.79%       951,122        2,710         702,939        245,473           —             —
           Placements from banks and non-bank
             financial institutions                             2.84%        92,539          484          57,432         31,714       2,909             —
           Financial liabilities at fair value through
             profit or loss                                                     847          716             131             —            —             —
           Financial assets sold under repurchase
             agreements                                         2.39%        111,838          23          80,155         31,660          —             —
           Deposits from customers                              2.08%      4,073,258      50,932       2,782,857        645,144     593,397           928
           Debt securities issued                               3.80%        650,274       3,512          71,769        458,267       9,022       107,704
           Lease liabilities                                    4.68%         10,896         790              11            108       5,303         4,684
           Others                                                             86,837      86,837              —              —           —             —
           Total liabilities                                               6,217,908     146,004       3,706,652       1,641,306    610,631       113,316
           Interest rate gap                                                532,524      292,654       (1,011,260)     (181,054)    452,989       979,195




                                                                                                                                   2019 Annual Report         289
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (b)   Market risk (Continued)
                   Interest rate risk (Continued)
                                                                                                                   31 December 2018
                                                                         Average                                                 Between                Between
                                                                     interest rate                Non-interest    Less than three months                 one and      More than
                                                                       (Note (i))           Total     bearing three months and one year                five years      five years
                     Assets
                     Cash and balances with central banks                  1.54%         538,708          17,047        521,661               —               —               —
                     Deposits with banks and non-bank
                       financial institutions                              2.22%          99,153             114         94,039           5,000               —               —
                     Placements with and loans to banks and
                       non-bank financial institutions                     3.38%         176,160             873         129,236         46,051             —                —
                     Financial assets held under resale agreements         2.59%          10,790              —           10,790             —              —                —
                     Loans and advances to customers (Note (ii))           4.86%       3,515,650           8,635       1,577,525        918,215        996,066           15,209
                     Financial investments
                       — at fair value through profit or loss                            308,872        225,164          28,057          26,624         20,915            8,112
                       — at amortised cost                                 4.71%         778,238          8,541          67,972         181,186        388,840          131,699
                       — at fair value through other
                             comprehensive income                          3.80%         510,346           8,529         42,830          73,607        288,337           97,043
                       — designated at fair value through other
                             comprehensive income                                          2,707          2,707               —              —                —               —
                     Others                                                              126,090        124,208            1,711            171               —               —
                     Total assets                                                      6,066,714        395,818        2,473,821      1,250,854       1,694,158         252,063
                     Liabilities
                     Borrowing from central banks                          3.29%         286,430              —          68,350         218,080               —               —
                     Deposits from banks and non-bank
                       financial institutions                              3.54%         782,264           4,151        553,283         224,660             170               —
                     Placements from banks and non-bank
                       financial institutions                              3.49%         115,358             241         83,859          31,224               —               34
                     Financial liabilities at fair value through
                       profit or loss                                                        962             962              —               —               —               —
                     Financial assets sold under repurchase
                       agreements                                          2.84%         120,315             35          110,790          9,490             —                —
                     Deposits from customers                               1.88%       3,649,611         20,940        2,605,686        647,223        375,730               32
                     Debt securities issued                                4.52%         552,483          4,155           98,144        247,974         95,260          106,950
                     Others                                                              106,205        104,823            1,382             —              —                —
                     Total liabilities                                                 5,613,628        135,307        3,521,494      1,378,651        471,160          107,016
                     Interest rate gap                                                   453,086        260,511       (1,047,673)      (127,797)      1,222,998         145,047

                   Notes:


                   (i)       Average interest rate represented the ratio of interest income/expense to average interest bearing assets/liabilities during the year.


                   (ii)      For loans and advances to customers, the “Less than three months” category included overdue amounts (net of allowance for impairment losses)
                             of RMB43,791 million as at 31 December 2019 (as at 31 December 2018: RMB42,289 million).




290   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (b)   Market risk (Continued)
          Interest rate risk (Continued)
          The Group uses sensitivity analysis to measure the potential effect of changes in interest rates on the Group’s
          net interest income. The following table sets forth the results of the Group’s interest rate sensitivity analysis as
          at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018.

                                                           31 December 2019                      31 December 2018
                                                                           Other                                     Other
                                                       Net interest comprehensive            Net interest     comprehensive
                                                           income         income                 income             income
           +100 basis points                               (11,471)            (3,407)           (11,435)             (1,409)
           -100 basis points                                11,471              3,407             11,435               1,409

          This sensitivity analysis is based on a static interest rate risk profile of the Group’s non-derivative assets and
          liabilities and certain assumptions as discussed below. The analysis measures only the impact of changes in interest
          rates within one year, showing how annualised interest income would have been affected by repricing of the
          Group’s non-derivative assets and liabilities within the one-year period. The analysis is based on the following
          assumptions: (i) all assets and liabilities that reprice or mature within the three months bracket, and the after
          three months but within one year bracket are both reprice or mature at the beginning of the respective periods,
          (ii) it does not reflect the potential impact of unparalleled yield curve movements, and (iii) there are no other
          changes to the portfolio, all positions will be retained and rolled over upon maturity. The analysis does not take
          into account the effect of risk management measures taken by management. Due to the assumptions adopted,
          actual changes in the Group’s net interest income and other comprehensive income resulting from increases or
          decreases in interest rates may differ from the results of this sensitivity analysis.

          Currency risk
          Currency risk arises from the potential change of exchange rates that cause a loss to the on-balance sheet and
          off-balance sheet business of the Group. The Group measures its currency risk with foreign currency exposures,
          and manages its currency risk by spot and forward foreign exchange transactions and matching its foreign
          currency denominated assets with corresponding liabilities in the same currency, as well as using derivative
          financial instruments, mainly foreign exchange swaps, to manage its exposure.




                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report   291
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (b)   Market risk (Continued)
                   Currency risk (Continued)
                   The exposures at the reporting date were as follows:

                                                                                          31 December 2019
                                                                       RMB            USD          HKD      Others         Total
                                                                                     (RMB         (RMB       (RMB
                                                                                equivalent) equivalent) equivalent)
                     Assets
                     Cash and balances with central banks           445,569        16,679          694         216      463,158
                     Deposits with banks and non-bank
                        financial institutions                       96,334        16,579        2,598        5,786     121,297
                     Placements with and loans to banks and
                        non-bank financial institutions             123,725        55,649       20,516        4,657     204,547
                     Financial assets held under resale
                        agreements                                     9,954           —            —            —         9,954
                     Loans and advances to customers               3,655,998      112,700      105,842       18,062    3,892,602
                     Financial investments
                       — at fair value through profit or loss       293,217        20,862        3,467          —       317,546
                       — at amortised cost                          922,228         2,006           —           —       924,234
                       — at fair value through other
                              comprehensive income                  538,355        64,153       17,903        8,369     628,780
                       — designated at fair value through
                              other comprehensive income              2,557           178          301          —         3,036
                     Others                                         175,304         4,679        4,550         746      185,279
                     Total assets                                  6,263,241      293,485      155,871       37,836    6,750,433
                     Liabilities
                     Borrowings from central banks                  240,298            —            —           —       240,298
                     Deposits from banks and non-bank
                        financial institutions                      942,867         7,842          331          82      951,122
                     Placements from banks and non-bank
                        financial institutions                       75,315        16,858          216         150       92,539
                     Financial liabilities at fair value through
                        profit or loss                                  715           132           —           —           847
                     Financial assets sold under repurchase
                        agreements                                   111,838           —            —            —       111,838
                     Deposits from customers                       3,700,005      200,762      154,291       18,200    4,073,258
                     Debt securities issued                          628,885       21,389           —            —       650,274
                     Lease liabilities                                10,183            4          559          150       10,896
                     Others                                           80,992        1,724        3,855          266       86,837
                     Total liabilities                             5,791,098      248,711      159,252       18,848    6,217,909
                     Net on-balance sheet position                  472,143        44,774       (3,381)      18,988     532,524
                     Credit commitments                            1,169,606       84,385       13,294        7,790    1,275,075
                     Derivatives (Note (i))                           (9,194)     (27,398)      45,836       (7,770)      1,474




292   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                               (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (b)   Market risk (Continued)
          Currency risk (Continued)
          The exposures at the reporting date were as follows: (Continued)

                                                                                                 31 December 2018
                                                                         RMB                USD           HKD         Others                          Total
                                                                                          (RMB           (RMB         (RMB
                                                                                      equivalent)    equivalent)  equivalent)
            Assets
            Cash and balances with central banks                      525,321              12,668                 535                184          538,708
            Deposits with banks and non-bank
               financial institutions                                  64,670              23,757              2,429              8,297             99,153
            Placements with and loans to banks and
               non-bank financial institutions                        123,262              41,291              9,137              2,470           176,160
            Financial assets held under resale
               agreements                                               9,832                958                 —                   —             10,790
            Loans and advances to customers                         3,263,386            122,573            109,773              19,918         3,515,650
            Financial investments
              — at fair value through profit or loss                  287,997              18,146              2,729                  —           308,872
              — at amortised cost                                     775,749               2,489                 —                   —           778,238
              — at fair value through other
                     comprehensive income                             429,671              50,766             23,970              5,939           510,346
              — designated at fair value through
                     other comprehensive income                         2,340                 155                 212                —              2,707
            Others                                                    121,762               1,858                 515             1,955           126,090
            Total assets                                            5,603,990            274,661            149,300              38,763         6,066,714
            Liabilities
            Borrowings from central banks                             286,430                   —                  —                  —           286,430
            Deposits from banks and non-bank
               financial institutions                                 777,789               2,582                 131             1,762           782,264
            Placements from banks and non-bank
               financial institutions                                 101,094              14,139                 125                 —           115,358
            Financial liabilities at fair value through
               profit or loss                                                —                962                  —                  —                 962
            Financial assets sold under repurchase
               agreements                                             120,097                218                 —                   —            120,315
            Deposits from customers                                 3,283,244            205,993            138,905              21,469         3,649,611
            Debt securities issued                                    531,768             20,715                 —                   —            552,483
            Others                                                     93,020              3,626              7,625               1,934           106,205
            Total liabilities                                       5,193,442            248,235            146,786              25,165         5,613,628
            Net on-balance sheet position                             410,548              26,426              2,514             13,598           453,086
            Credit commitments                                      1,004,799              95,187             12,862              7,359         1,120,207
            Derivatives (Note (i))                                     33,795             (38,861)            22,205            (14,261)             2,878

          Note:


          (i)     Derivatives represent the net notional amount of currency derivatives, including undelivered foreign exchange spot, foreign exchange forward,
                  foreign exchange swap and currency option.




                                                                                                                                    2019 Annual Report            293
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (b)   Market risk (Continued)
                   Currency risk (Continued)
                   The Group uses sensitivity analysis to measure the potential effect of changes in foreign currency exchange
                   rates on the Group’s profit or loss and other comprehensive income. The following table sets forth, as at 31
                   December 2019 and 31 December 2018, the results of the Group’s foreign exchange rate sensitivity analysis.

                                                                    31 December 2019                       31 December 2018
                                                                                    Other                                     Other
                                                                      Profit comprehensive                   Profit    comprehensive
                                                                  before tax       income                before tax          income
                     5% appreciation                                   3,529                  23                582                  (1)
                     5% depreciation                                  (3,529)                (23)              (582)                  1

                   This sensitivity analysis is based on a static foreign exchange exposure profile of assets and liabilities and certain
                   assumptions as follows: (i) the foreign exchange sensitivity is the gain and loss recognised as a result of 500 basis
                   point fluctuation in the foreign currency exchange rates against RMB at the reporting date, (ii) the exchange
                   rates against RMB for all foreign currencies change in the same direction simultaneously and does not take
                   into account the correlation effect of changes in different foreign currencies, and (iii) the foreign exchange
                   exposures calculated include both spot foreign exchange exposures, foreign exchange derivative instruments,
                   and; all positions will be retained and rolled over upon maturity. The analysis does not take into account the
                   effect of risk management measures taken by management. Due to the assumptions adopted, actual changes in
                   the Group’s profit and other comprehensive income resulting from increases or decreases in foreign exchange
                   rates may differ from the results of this sensitivity analysis. Precious metal is included in foreign currency for
                   the purpose of this sensitivity analysis.

             (c)   Liquidity risk
                   Liquidity risk arises when the Group, in meeting the demand of liabilities due and other payment obligations
                   as well as the needs of business expansion, is unable to sufficiently, timely or cost-effectively acquire funds. The
                   Group’s liquidity risk arises mainly from the mismatch of assets to liabilities and customers may concentrate
                   their withdrawals.

                   The Group has implemented overall liquidity risk management on the entity level. The headquarters has the
                   responsibility for developing the entire Group’s liquidity risk policies, strategies, and implements centralised
                   management of liquidity risk on the entity level. The domestic and foreign affiliates develop their own liquidity
                   policies and procedures within the Group’s liquidity strategy management framework, based on the requirements
                   of relevant regulatory bodies.

                   The Group manages liquidity risk by setting various indicators and operational limits according to the overall
                   position of the Group’s assets and liabilities, with referencing to market condition. The Group holds assets
                   with high liquidity to meet unexpected and material demand for payments in the ordinary course of business.

                   The tools that the Group uses to measure and monitor liquidity risk mainly include:

                   —      Liquidity gap analysis;

                   —      Liquidity indicators (including but not limited to regulated and internal managed indicators, such as
                          liquidity coverage ratio, net stable funding ratio, loan-to-deposit ratio, liquidity ratio, liquidity gap rate,
                          excess reserves rate) monitoring;

                   —      Scenario analysis;

                   —      Stress testing.




294   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                               (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (c)   Liquidity risk (Continued)
          On this basis, the Group establishes regular reporting mechanisms for liquidity risk to report the latest situation
          of liquidity risk to the senior management on a timely basis.

          Analysis of the remaining contractual maturity of assets and liabilities:

                                                                                              31 December 2019
                                                                                   Between            Between
                                                     Repayable      Within    three months             one and    More than     Undated
                                                    on demand     3 months     and one year          five years    five years   (Note(i))       Total
           Assets
           Cash and balances with central banks       104,114           —            3,080                 —              —     355,964      463,158
           Deposits with banks and non-bank
              financial institutions                   39,476       14,100          67,721                 —              —           —      121,297
           Placements with and loans to banks
              and non-bank financial institutions           —      150,131          39,858             14,558             —           —      204,547
           Financial assets held under resale
              agreements                                    —        9,954              —                  —              —           —        9,954
           Loans and advances to customers
              (Note (ii))                              27,210      695,697        928,062             691,475     1,478,383      71,775     3,892,602
           Financial investments
             — at fair value through profit
                   or loss                                819       49,394         27,738              15,979         5,754     217,862      317,546
             — at amortised cost                        8,714       69,541        160,329             470,798       214,740         112      924,234
             — at fair value through other
                   comprehensive income                   134       34,824          94,189            357,203       142,426            4     628,780
             — designated at fair value through
                   other comprehensive income              —            —               —                  —              —       3,036        3,036
           Others                                      74,094       11,457          10,812             36,027             84     52,805      185,279
           Total assets                               254,561     1,035,098      1,331,789          1,586,040     1,841,387     701,558     6,750,433
           Liabilities
           Borrowings from central banks                    —       11,358        236,569                  —              —           —      240,298
           Deposits from banks and non-bank
              financial institutions                  402,889      302,059        246,174                  —              —           —      951,122
           Placements from banks and non-bank
              financial institutions                        —       57,594          32,010              2,935             —           —       92,539
           Financial liabilities at fair value
              through                                     715           —               —                  —              —          132         847
           profit or loss
           Financial assets sold under repurchase
              agreements                                    —       80,177         31,661                  —             —            —       111,838
           Deposits from customers                   2,010,162     828,467        639,909             593,583         1,137           —     4,073,258
           Debt securities issued                           —       71,846        460,610               9,071       108,747           —       650,274
           Lease liabilities                               168         784          2,225               6,562         1,157                    10,896
           Others                                       43,902       6,785          6,893              13,493         6,927        8,837       86,837
           Total liabilities                         2,457,836    1,359,070      1,648,422            625,644       117,968        8,969    6,217,909
           (Short)/long position                    (2,203,275)   (323,972)       (316,633)           960,396     1,723,419     692,589      532,524




                                                                                                                                2019 Annual Report      295
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (c)   Liquidity risk (Continued)
                   Analysis of the remaining contractual maturity of assets and liabilities: (Continued)

                                                                                                        31 December 2018
                                                                                             Between            Between
                                                               Repayable      Within    three months             one and    More than     Undated
                                                              on demand     3 months     and one year          five years    five years   (Note (i))       Total
                     Assets
                     Cash and balances with central banks       134,917           —            1,288                 —              —     402,503       538,708
                     Deposits with banks and non-bank
                        financial institutions                   65,701       28,245           5,207                 —              —           —        99,153
                     Placements with and loans to banks
                        and non-bank financial institutions          —       129,317          46,843                 —              —           —       176,160
                     Financial assets held under resale
                        agreements                                   —        10,790              —                  —              —          —         10,790
                     Loans and advances to customers
                        (Note (ii))                               7,117      585,723        952,830             910,098     1,022,976      36,906      3,515,650
                     Financial investments
                       — at fair value through profit
                             or loss                                 —        30,418         43,589              29,476         8,115     197,274       308,872
                       — at amortised cost                           —        68,375        182,641             394,010       132,878         334       778,238
                       — at fair value through other
                             comprehensive income                    31       39,437          75,556            295,308        99,920          94       510,346
                       — designated at fair value through
                             other comprehensive income              —            —               —                  —              —       2,707         2,707
                     Others                                      34,630       17,382          12,238             28,655            180     33,005       126,090
                     Total assets                               242,396      909,687      1,320,192            1,657,547    1,264,069     672,823      6,066,714
                     Liabilities
                     Borrowings from central banks                   80       68,350        218,000                  —              —           —       286,430
                     Deposits from banks and non-bank
                        financial institutions                  319,576      236,910        225,607                 171             —          —        782,264
                     Placements from banks and non-bank
                        financial institutions                       —        84,099          31,225                 —              34         —        115,358
                     Financial liabilities at fair value
                        through profit or loss                      962           —               —                  —              —          —            962
                     Financial assets sold under repurchase
                        agreements                                   —       110,823          9,492                  —             —           —         120,315
                     Deposits from customers                  1,880,088      746,341        647,718             375,432            32          —       3,649,611
                     Debt securities issued                          —        98,205        247,992              97,354       108,932          —         552,483
                     Others                                      50,170       16,677         16,827               6,554         4,419      11,558        106,205
                     Total liabilities                        2,250,876     1,361,405     1,396,861             479,511       113,417      11,558      5,613,628
                     (Short)/long position                    (2,008,480)   (451,718)        (76,669)          1,178,036    1,150,652     661,265       453,086




296   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (c)   Liquidity risk (Continued)
          The tables below present the cash flows of the Group of financial assets and financial liabilities. The amounts
          disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flow:

                                                                                                31 December 2019
                                                                                     Between            Between
                                                    Repayable on      Within    three months             one and    More than     Undated
                                                        demand      3 months     and one year          five years    five years   (Note(i))        Total
           Non-derivative cash flow
           Assets
           Cash and balances with central banks         104,114        1,407           7,624                 —              —     355,964       469,109
           Deposits with banks and non-bank
              financial institutions                     39,476       14,168          69,201                 —              —           —       122,845
           Placements with and loans to banks
              and non-bank financial institutions             —      155,306          40,902             15,580             —           —       211,788
           Financial assets held under
              resale agreements                               —       10,002              —                  —              —           —        10,002
           Loans and advances to
              customers(Notes(ii))                       27,210      735,040       1,025,345          1,000,430     2,084,351      77,504     4,949,880
           Financial investments
             — at fair value through profit
                    or loss                                 819       60,220         28,771              16,380         5,754     217,862       329,806
             — at amortised cost                          8,714       78,104        191,311             563,757       224,657         118     1,066,661
             — at fair value through other
                    comprehensive income                    134       38,162        109,737             395,348       156,066            4      699,451
             — designated at fair value through
                    other comprehensive income               —            —               —                  —              —       3,036         3,036
           Others                                        74,094       11,457          10,812             36,027             84     52,805       185,279
           Total assets                                 254,561     1,103,866      1,483,703          2,027,522     2,470,912     707,293     8,047,857
           Liabilities
           Borrowings from central banks                      —       11,358        236,569                  —              —           —       247,927
           Deposits from banks and non-bank
              financial institutions                    402,889      487,768        324,097              84,721             —           —     1,299,475
           Placements from banks and non-bank
              financial institutions                          —       57,594          32,039              2,935             —           —        92,568
           Financial liabilities at fair value
              through profit or loss                        715           —               —                  —              —          132          847
           Financial assets sold under
              repurchase agreements                           —       80,728         32,077                  —             —            —       112,805
           Deposits from customers                     2,010,162     842,424        673,137             668,153         1,336           —     4,195,212
           Debt securities issued                             —       78,869        472,403             119,387       108,747           —       779,406
           Lease liabilities                                 168         787          2,285               7,341         1,603           —        12,184
           Others                                         43,902       6,785          6,895              13,493         6,927        8,837       86,839
           Total liabilities                           2,457,836    1,566,313      1,779,502            896,030       118,613        8,969    6,827,263
           (Short)/long position                      (2,203,275)   (462,447)       (295,799)         1,131,492     2,352,299     698,324     1,220,594
           Derivative cash flow
           Derivative financial instrument
             settled on a net basis                           —           32             146                 77            (12)         —           243
           Derivative financial instruments
             settled on a gross basis
             — cash inflow                                    —      748,197         568,296             58,470             —           73     1,375,036
             — cash outflow                                   —     (395,774)       (563,552)           (58,322)            —           —     (1,017,648)



                                                                                                                                  2019 Annual Report        297
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (c)   Liquidity risk (Continued)
                   The tables below present the cash flows of the Group of financial assets and financial liabilities. The amounts
                   disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flow (Continued).

                                                                                                           31 December 2018
                                                                                                Between            Between
                                                               Repayable          Within   Three months            One and     More than      Undated
                                                              on demand     three months    and one year          five years    five years   (Note (i))        Total
                     Non-derivative cash flow
                     Assets
                     Cash and balances with central banks       134,721           1,621           6,608                 —              —      402,503       545,453
                     Deposits with banks and non-bank
                        financial institutions                   67,502          29,625           5,326                 —              —            —       102,453
                     Placements with and loans to banks
                        and non-bank financial institutions          —          134,633          57,838                 —              —            —       192,471
                     Financial assets held under
                        resale agreements                            —           10,795              —                  —              —            —        10,795
                     Loans and advances to customers
                        (Notes(ii))                               8,797         620,238       1,042,464           1,197,180    1,536,250       40,738     4,445,667
                     Financial investments
                       — at fair value through profit
                              or loss                                —           35,039          47,703             31,114        88,205      200,776       402,837
                       — at amortised cost                           —           74,135         201,371            418,337       163,300        5,880       863,023
                       — at fair value through other
                              comprehensive income                   31          43,751          97,680            375,381       145,474       11,941       674,258
                       — designated at fair value through
                              other comprehensive income             —               —               —                  —              —        2,406         2,406
                     Others                                      34,630          17,381          12,239             28,655            180      33,275       126,360
                     Total assets                               245,681         967,218       1,471,229           2,050,667    1,933,409      697,519     7,365,723
                     Liabilities
                     Borrowings from central banks                   80          64,769         226,130                 —              —            —       290,979
                     Deposits from banks and non-bank
                        financial institutions                  573,392         662,179         485,918             31,575             —            —     1,753,064
                     Placements from banks and non-bank
                        financial institutions                       —           89,065          40,706                 —              34           —       129,805
                     Financial liabilities at fair value
                        through profit or loss                      962              —               —                  —              —            —           962
                     Financial assets sold under
                        repurchase agreements                        —          110,983           9,483                155            —            —        120,621
                     Deposits from customers                  1,880,996         760,404         679,534            429,917            40           —      3,750,891
                     Debt securities issued                          —           98,780         306,786            180,166       108,932           —        694,664
                     Others                                      50,171          16,677          16,827              6,554         4,419       11,558       106,206
                     Total liabilities                        2,505,601       1,802,857       1,765,384            648,367       113,425       11,558     6,847,192
                     (Short)/long position                    (2,259,920)      (835,639)       (294,155)          1,402,300    1,819,984      685,961       518,531
                     Derivative cash flow
                     Derivative financial instrument
                       settled on a net basis                        —              (56)             44                128             23           —           139
                     Derivative financial instruments
                       settled on a gross basis
                       — cash inflow                                 —        1,194,286       1,244,844              48,220            —            —      2,487,350
                       — cash outflow                                —         (802,726)     (1,243,629)            (48,151)           —            —     (2,094,506)




298   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



55 Financial risk management (Continued)
    (c)   Liquidity risk (Continued)
          Credit Commitments include bank acceptances, credit card commitments, guarantees, loan commitment and
          letters of credit. The tables below summarise the amounts of credit commitments by remaining contractual
          maturity.

                                                                                                         31 December 2019
                                                                                  Less than
                                                                                     1 year             1-5 years Over 5 years                          Total
            Bank acceptancess                                                       426,226                    —                    —               426,226
            Credit card commitments                                                 538,861                 6,387                  255              545,503
            Guarantees                                                               96,576                49,086                1,492              147,154
            Loan commitments                                                         16,448                18,779               16,984               52,211
            Letter of credit                                                        101,948                 2,033                   —               103,981
            Total                                                                1,180,059                 76,285               18,731           1,275,075

                                                                                                          31 December 2018
                                                                                   Less than
                                                                                      1 year            1-5 years        Over 5 years                   Total
            Bank acceptancess                                                       393,851                    —                    —               393,851
            Credit card commitments                                                 427,681                 6,909                   —               434,590
            Guarantees                                                               83,905                68,354                6,554              158,813
            Loan commitments                                                          7,033                15,578               17,418               40,029
            Letter of credit                                                         90,634                 2,290                   —                92,924
            Total                                                                1,003,104                 93,131               23,972           1,120,207

          Notes:


          (i)       For cash and balances with central banks, the undated period amount represented statutory deposit reserve funds and fiscal deposits maintained
                    with the PBOC. For placements with and loans to banks and non-bank financial institutions, loans and advances to customers and investments,
                    the undated period amount represented the balances being impaired or overdue for more than one month. Equity investments were also reported
                    under undated period.


          (ii)      The balances of loans and advances to customers which were overdue within one month but not impaired are included in repayable on demand.




                                                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report            299
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      55 Financial risk management (Continued)
             (d)   Operational risk
                   Operational risk refers to the risk of loss arising from inappropriate or problematic internal procedures, personnel,
                   IT systems, or external events, including legal risk, but excluding strategy risk and reputational risk.

                   The Group manages operational risk through a control-based environment by establishing a sound mechanism
                   of operational risk management in order to identify, assess, monitor, control, mitigate and report operational
                   risks. The framework covers all business functions ranging from finance, credit, accounting, settlement, savings,
                   treasury, intermediary business, computer applications and management, special assets resolution and legal
                   affairs. Key controls include:

                   —      by establishing a matrix authorisation management system of the whole group, carrying out the annual
                          unified authorisation work, and strictly restricting the institutions and personnel at all levels to carry out
                          business activities within the scope of authority granted, the management requirements of prohibiting the
                          overstepping of authority to engage in business activities were further clarified at the institutional level;

                   —      through consistent legal responsibility framework, taking strict disciplinary actions against non-compliance
                          in order to ensure accountability;

                   —      promoting operational risk management culture throughout the organisation; building a team of operational
                          risk management professionals. Through formal training and performance appraisal system in raising risk
                          management awareness;

                   —      strengthening cash and account management in accordance with the relevant policies and procedures,
                          intensifying the monitoring of suspicious transactions. Ensure the staff are well-equipped with the necessary
                          knowledge and basic skills on anti-money laundering through continuous training;

                   —      backup systems and disaster recovery plans covering all the major activities, especially backoffice operations
                          in order to minimise any unforeseen interruption. Insurance cover is arranged to mitigate potential losses
                          associated with certain disruptive events.

                   In addition to the above, the Group improves its operational risk management information systems on an
                   ongoing basis to efficiently identify, evaluate, monitor, control and report its level of operational risk. The
                   Group’s management information system has the functionalities of recording and capturing lost data and events
                   of operational risk to further support operational risk control and self-assessment, as well as monitoring of key
                   risk indicators.

      56 Capital Adequacy Ratio
             Capital adequacy ratio reflects the Group’s operational and risk management capability and it is the core of capital
             management. The Group’s capital management objectives are to meet the legal and regulatory requirements, and to
             prudently determine the capital adequacy ratio under realistic exposures with reference to the capital adequacy ratio
             levels of leading global banks and the Group’s operating situations.

             The Group considers its strategic development plans, business expansion plans and risk variables in conducting its
             scenario analysis, stress testings and other measures to forecast, plan and manage capital adequacy ratio.

             The Group’s management monitors the Group’s and the Bank’s capital adequacy regularly based on regulations issued
             by the CBIRC. The required information is filed with the CBIRC by the Group and the Bank semi-annually and
             quarterly, respectively.

             From 1 January 2013, the Group commenced the computation of its capital adequacy ratios in accordance with the
             Regulation Governing Capital of Commercial Banks (Provisional) and other relevant regulations promulgated by the
             CBIRC in the year of 2012. From 1 January 2019 on, the Group calculates the default risk assets of the counterparties
             of derivatives in accordance with the Regulations on Measuring the Risk Assets of the Counterparties of Derivative
             Instruments promulgated by the CBIRC in 2018. The requirements pursuant to these regulations may have certain
             differences comparing to those applicable in Hong Kong and other jurisdictions.

300   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
              Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



56 Capital Adequacy Ratio (Continued)
    CBIRC demands that commercial banks shall meet the capital adequacy requirements set out in the “Capital Management
    Measures for Commercial Banks (Trial)” by the end of 2018. Systematically important banks are required to meet
    the minimum core Tier-One capital adequacy ratio, Tier-One capital adequacy ratio and capital adequacy ratio of
    8.50%, 9.50% and 11.50%. Non-systematically important bank are required to meet the minimum core Tier-One
    capital adequacy ratio, Tier-One capital adequacy ratio and capital adequacy ratio of 7.50%, 8.50% and 10.50%. In
    addition, overseas subsidiaries and branches are directly regulated by the respective local banking regulators and the
    requirements of capital adequacy ratios differ by country. During the year, the Group has complied in full with all its
    externally imposed capital requirements.

    The capital adequacy ratios calculated in accordance with Regulation Governing Capital of Commercial Banks
    (Provisional). According to the requirements, for credit risk, the capital requirement was measured using the weighting
    method. The market risk was measured by adopting the standardised approach and the operational risk was measured
    by using the basic indicator approach.

    Relevant requirements promulgated by the CBIRC are listed as below.

                                                                                                             31 December                     31 December
                                                                                                                    2019                            2018
      Core Tier-One capital adequacy ratio                                                                            8.69%                           8.62%
      Tier-One capital adequacy ratio                                                                                10.20%                           9.43%
      Capital adequacy ratio                                                                                         12.44%                          12.47%
      Components of capital base
      Core Tier-One capital:
        Share capital                                                                                                48,935                          48,935
        Qualified portion of capital reserve and other equity instruments                                            62,112                          58,977
        Other comprehensive income                                                                                    7,361                           5,269
        Surplus reserve                                                                                              39,009                          34,450
        General reserve                                                                                              81,535                          74,255
        Retained earnings                                                                                           203,411                         179,820
        Qualified portion of non-controlling interests                                                                4,627                           4,422
      Total core Tier-One capital                                                                                   446,990                         406,128
      Core Tier-One capital deductions:
        Goodwill (net of related deferred tax liability)                                                                 (912)                           (896)
        Other intangible assets other than land use right
         (net of related deferred tax liability)                                                                      (1,875)                         (1,878)
        Core Tier-One Capital investments made in financial institutions
        over which the Group has control but are outside the regulatory
        consolidation scope                                                                                                 —                               —
      Net core Tier-One capital                                                                                     444,203                         403,354
      Other Tier-One capital (Note (i))                                                                              77,555                          37,768
      Tier-One capital                                                                                              521,758                         441,122
      Tier-Two capital:
        Qualified portion of Tier-Two capital instruments issued
         and share premium                                                                                            63,151                        104,515
        Surplus allowance for loan impairment                                                                         49,753                         37,122
        Qualified portion of non-controlling interests                                                                 1,235                            634
      Net capital base                                                                                              635,897                         583,393
      Total risk-weighted assets                                                                                 5,113,585                        4,677,713

    Note:


    (i)     As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s other Tier-One capital included preference shares issued by the Bank (Note 43) and non-controlling interests (Note
            49).



                                                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report           301
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      57 Fair value
             Fair value estimates are generally subjective in nature, and are made as of a specific point in time based on the
             characteristics of the financial instruments and relevant market information. The Group uses the following hierarchy
             for determining and disclosing the fair value of financial instruments:

             Level 1:	quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group can access at
                       the measurement date. This level includes listed equity instruments and debt instruments on exchanges
                       and exchange-traded derivatives.

             Level 2:	inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 are observable for assets or liabilities, either directly
                       or indirectly. A majority of the debt securities classified as level 2 are Renminbi bonds. The fair values
                       of these bonds are determined based on the evaluation results provided by China Central Depository &
                       Clearing Corporate Limited. This level also includes partial bills rediscounting and forfeiting in loans
                       and advances, as well as a majority of over-the-counter derivative contracts. Foreign exchange forward
                       and swaps, Interest rate swap, and foreign exchange options use discount cash flow evaluation method
                       and the evaluation model of which includes Forward Pricing Model, Swap Model and Option Pricing
                       Model. Bills rediscounting and forfeiting use discount cash flow evaluation method to estimate fair value.
                       Input parameters are sourced from the Open market such as Bloomberg and Reuters.

             Level 3:	inputs for assets or liabilities are based on unobservable parameters. This level includes equity investments
                       and debt instruments with one or more than one significant unobservable parameters. Management
                       determine the fair value through inquiring from counterparties or using the valuation techniques. The
                       model incorporate unobservable parameters such as discount rate and market price volatilities.

             The fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are determined as follows:

             —	If traded in active markets, fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities with standard terms and conditions
                are determined with reference to quoted market bid prices and ask prices, respectively;

             —	If not traded in active markets, fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities are determined in accordance
                with generally accepted pricing models or discounted cash flow analysis using prices from observable current
                market transactions for similar instruments. If there were no available observable current market transactions
                prices for similar instruments, quoted prices from counterparty is used for the valuation, and management
                performs analysis on these prices. Discounted cash flow analysis using the applicable yield curve for the duration
                of the instruments is used for derivatives other than options, and option pricing models are used for option
                derivatives.

             The Group has established an independent valuation process for financial assets and financial liabilities. The Financial
             Market Department, the Financial Institution Department, and the Investment Bank Department are responsible for the
             fair valuation of financial assets and financial liabilities. The Risk Management Department performs an independent
             review of the valuation methodologies, inputs, assumptions and valuation results. The Operations Department records
             the accounting for these items according to the result generated from the valuation process and accounting policies.
             The Finance and Accounting Department prepares the disclosure of the financial assets and financial liabilities, based
             on the independently reviewed valuation.

             The Group’s valuation policies and procedures for different types of financial instruments are approved by the Risk
             Management Committee. Any change to the valuation policies, or the related procedures, must be reported to the Risk
             Management Committee for approval before they are implemented.

             For the year ended 31 December 2019, there was no significant change in the valuation techniques or inputs used to
             determine fair value measurements.




302   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



57 Fair value (Continued)
     (a)   Financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value
           Financial assets and liabilities not carried at fair value of the Group include cash and balances with central
           banks, deposits with banks and non-bank financial institutions, placements with and loans to banks and non-
           bank financial institutions, financial assets held under resale agreements, loans and advances to customers at
           amortised cost, financial investments at amortised cost, borrowings from central banks, deposits from banks
           and non-bank financial institutions, placements from banks and non-bank financial institutions, financial assets
           sold under repurchase agreements, deposits from customers and debt securities issued.

           Except for the items shown in the tables below, the maturity dates of aforesaid financial assets and liabilities are
           within a year or are mainly floating interest rates, as a result, their carrying amounts are approximately equal
           to their fair value.

                                                                      Carrying values                    Fair values
                                                               31 December      31 December    31 December      31 December
                                                                      2019             2018           2019             2018
            Financial assets:
            Financial investment
              — at amortised cost                                   924,234         778,238         938,830            778,779

            Financial liabilities:
            Debt securities issued
              — certificates of deposit (not for trading
                    purpose) issued                                   2,863           2,813           2,789              2,752
              — debt securities issued                               81,196          82,091          80,619             80,625
              — subordinated bonds issued                            89,555         126,269          89,937            126,041
              — certificates of interbank deposit issued            438,830         341,310         431,706            335,475
              — convertible corporate bonds                          37,830              —           37,730                 —




                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report      303
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      57 Fair value (Continued)
             (a)   Financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value (Continued)
                   Fair value of financial assets and liabilities above at fair value hierarchy is as follows:

                                                                                              31 December 2019
                                                                              Level 1          Level 2      Level 3          Total
                     Financial assets:
                     Financial investment
                       — at amortised cost                                      2,063         663,508            273,259   938,830

                     Financial liabilities:
                     Debt securities issued
                       — certificates of deposit (not for trading
                             purpose) issued                                       —            2,789                 —      2,789
                       — debt securities issued                                    —           80,619                 —     80,619
                       — subordinated bonds issued                              5,789          84,148                 —     89,937
                       — certificates of interbank deposit issued                  —          431,706                 —    431,706
                       — convertible corporate bonds                               —           37,730                 —     37,730

                                                                                              31 December 2018
                                                                              Level 1          Level 2      Level 3          Total
                     Financial assets:
                     Financial investment
                       — at amortised cost                                     2,109         501,890             274,780   778,779

                     Financial liabilities:
                     Debt securities issued
                       — certificates of deposit (not for trading
                             purpose) issued                                      —            2,752                 —       2,752
                       — debt securities issued                                   —           80,625                 —      80,625
                       — subordinated bonds issued                             5,642         120,399                 —     126,041
                       — certificates of interbank deposit issued                 —          335,475                 —     335,475




304   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                             (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



57 Fair value (Continued)
     (b)   Financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value
                                                               Level 1        Level 2       Level 3            Total
                                                             (Note (i))     (Note (i))    (Note (ii))
            As at 31 December 2019
            Recurring fair value measurements
            Assets
            Loans and advances to customers at fair value
              through other comprehensive income
              — loans                                               —            922              —             922
              — discounted bills                                    —        307,867              —         307,867
            Loans and advances to customers at fair value
              through current profit or loss
              — personal loans                                      —              —           6,915          6,915
            Financial investments at fair value through
              profit or loss
              — debt securities                                  2,086        30,417          10,367         42,870
              — investment funds                                 9,962       196,224          12,305        218,491
              — certificates of deposit                             —         46,792              —          46,792
              — wealth management products                          —            133             819            952
              — equity instruments                               1,185            —            7,239          8,424
              — trust investment plans                              17            —               —              17
            Financial investments at fair value through
              other comprehensive income
              — debt securities                                86,557        516,989          13,248        616,794
              — certificates of deposit                           361          4,505              —           4,866
            Financial investments designated at fair value
              through other comprehensive income
              — equity instruments                                 205            123          2,708          3,036
            Derivative financial assets
              — interest rate derivatives                           2          5,201              —           5,203
              — currency derivatives                                —         11,700              —          11,700
              — precious metals derivatives                         —            214              —             214
              — credit derivatives                                  —             —               —              —
            Total financial assets measured at fair value     100,375      1,121,087          53,601      1,275,063
            Liabilities
            Financial liabilities at fair value through
              profit or loss
              — short position in debt securities                  132             —              —             132
              — structured products                                 —              —             715            715
            Derivative financial liabilities
              — interest rate derivatives                           —          5,176              —           5,176
              — currency derivatives                                29        10,899              —          10,928
              — precious metals derivatives                         —            732              —             732
              — commodity derivatives                               —             —               —              —
            Total financial liabilities measured
              at fair value                                        161        16,807             715         17,683




                                                                                                   2019 Annual Report    305
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      57 Fair value (Continued)
             (b)   Financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value (Continued)
                                                                        Level 1      Level 2      Level 3       Total
                                                                      (Note (i))   (Note (i))   (Note (ii))
                     As at 31 December 2018
                     Recurring fair value measurements
                     Assets
                     Loans and advances to customers at fair value
                       through other comprehensive income
                       — loans                                               —          137             —         137
                       — discounted bills                                    —       96,383             —      96,383
                     Financial investments at fair value through
                       profit or loss
                       — debt securities                                  2,815      62,319         6,786      71,920
                       — investment funds                                 4,879     178,451         5,846     189,176
                       — certificates of deposit                             —       16,713            —       16,713
                       — wealth management products                          —           —            116         116
                       — equity instruments                                 540          —          3,921       4,461
                       — trust investment plans                              —           —         26,486      26,486
                     Financial investments at fair value through
                       other comprehensive income
                       — debt securities                                64,506      421,783         4,726     491,015
                       — certificates of deposit                           662       11,982            —       12,644
                     Financial investments designated at fair value
                       through other comprehensive income
                       — equity instruments                                 295           —         2,412       2,707
                     Derivative financial assets
                       — interest rate derivatives                            8       6,098             —       6,106
                       — currency derivatives                                —       24,825              1     24,826
                       — precious metals derivatives                         —        1,048             —       1,048
                       — credit derivatives                                  —           11             —          11
                     Total financial assets measured at fair value      73,705      819,750        50,294     943,749
                     Liabilities
                     Financial liabilities at fair value through
                       profit or loss
                       — short position in debt securities                  962           —             —        962
                     Derivative financial liabilities
                       — interest rate derivatives                           12       5,962             —       5,974
                       — currency derivatives                                —       24,500              1     24,501
                       — precious metals derivatives                         —        1,170             —       1,170
                       — commodity derivatives                               —            1             —           1
                     Total financial liabilities measured
                       at fair value                                        974      31,633              1     32,608




306   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                 Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                                     (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



57 Fair value (Continued)
     (b)   Financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value (Continued)
           Notes:


           (i)      During the current year, there were no significant transfers amongst Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.


                    The following table shows a reconciliation from the beginning balances to the ending balances for fair value measurements in the Level 3 fair
                    value hierarchy:


                                                                                                      Assets                                                                                           Liabilities
                                                                                                       Financial
                                                      Financial               Financial                     assets                                                       Financial
                                                       assets at               assets at              designated                                                        liabilities
                                                      fair value              fair value             at fair value                                                    at fair value
                                                       through            through other            through other                Derivative                                through         Derivative
                                                       profit or          comprehensive            comprehensive                 financial                               profit or          financial
                                                            loss                income                    income                    assets                  Total               loss       liabilities               Total

                      As at 1 January 2019              43,155                    4,726                    2,412                        1                 50,294                   –                   (1)              (1)


                      Total gains or losses
                        – in profit or loss                 924                    (226)                        (17)                    –                    681                   –                   –                –
                        – in comprehensive income             –                     145                          14                     –                    159                   –                   –             (715)
                      Purchase                          17,819                  12,159                         785                      –                 30,763                (715)                  –                –
                      Settlements                      (31,095)                  (3,557)                       (486)                   (1)                (35,139)                 –                   1                1
                      Transfer in/out                       (68)                       –                          –                     –                     (68)                 –                   –                –
                      Exchange effect                        (5)                       1                          –                     –                      (4)                 –                   –                –

                      As at 31 December 2019            30,730                  13,248                     2,708                        –                 46,686                (715)                  –                –



           (ii)     The following table shows a reconciliation from the beginning balances to the ending balances for fair value measurements in the Level 3 fair
                    value hierarchy :


                                                                                                                Assets                                                                           Liabilities
                                                                                                          Financial assets
                                                                               Financial assets                  designated
                                                     Financial assets             at fair value                at fair value
                                                        at fair value           through other              through other                                                                Derivative
                                                      through profit           comprehensive              comprehensive                      Derivative                                  financial
                                                              or loss                  income                         income          financial assets                 Total             liabilities                 Total

                      As at 1 January 2018                   45,535                        4,850                         237                         1               50,623                      (1)                    (1)


                      Total gains or losses
                        – in profit or loss                        194                       (40)                          –                         1                  155                      (1)                    (1)
                        – in comprehensive income                    –                      102                           (9)                        –                    93                      –                     –
                      Purchase                                8,549                        1,700                       2,185                         –               12,434                       –                     –
                      Settlements                           (11,105)                    (1,926)                            –                        (1)              (13,032)                     1                     1
                      Transfer in/out                                –                       39                            –                         –                    39                      –                     –
                      Exchange effect                              (18)                        1                          (1)                        –                   (18)                     –                     –

                      As at 31 December 2018                 43,155                        4,726                       2,412                         1               50,294                      (1)                    (1)




                                                                                                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report                    307
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      58 Related parties
             (a)   Relationship of related parties
                   (i)    The Group is controlled by CITIC Corporation Limited (incorporated in mainland China), which
                          owns 65.37% of the Bank’s shares. The ultimate parent of the Group is CITIC Group (incorporated in
                          mainland China).

                   (ii)   Related parties of the Group include subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates of CITIC Corporation
                          Limited and CITIC Group. The Bank entered into banking transactions with its subsidiaries at arm’s
                          length in the ordinary course of business. These transactions are eliminated on consolidation.

                   The Bank issued 2,147,469,539 shares to CNTC through private placement on 31 December 2015, representing
                   4.39% shares of the Bank. A non-executive director designated by CNTC was appointed on 17 March 2016, and
                   the appointment was approved by the CBIRC on 24 June 2016. CNTC is thereafter regarded as the Group’s
                   related party as it has significant influence upon the Bank.

                   In February 2015, Xinhu Zhongbao Co., Ltd. acquired 2,292,579,000 H shares of the Bank through its wholly
                   owned subsidiary, representing 4.68% shares of the Bank. A non-executive director designated by Xinhu Zhongbao
                   Co., Ltd. was appointed on 17 March 2016, and the appointment was approved by the CBIRC on 16 November
                   2016. Xinhu Zhongbao Co., Ltd. is thereafter regarded as the Group’s related party, as it has significant influence
                   upon the Bank. On 29 November 2016, Xinhu Zhongbao Co., Ltd., increased its shareholding to 2,320,177,000
                   H shares of the Bank through its wholly owned subsidiary, representing 4.74% shares of the Bank. In October
                   2017, Xinhu Zhongbao Co., Ltd. increased its shareholding to 2,446,265,000 H shares of the Bank through
                   its wholly owned subsidiary, representing 4.999% shares of the Bank.

                   Poly Group acquired 27,216,400 A shares of the Bank through the secondary market, representing 0.06% shares
                   of the Bank. A non-executive director designated by Poly Group was appointed and sent to the bank on 25 May
                   2018. Poly Group is thereafter regarded as the Group’s related party as it has significant influence upon the Bank.

             (b)   Related party transactions
                   During the relevant years, the Group entered into transactions with related parties in the ordinary course of its
                   banking businesses including lending, assets transfer (i.e. issuance of asset-backed securities in the form of public
                   placement), wealth management, investment, deposit, settlement and clearing, off-balance sheet transactions,
                   and purchase, sale and leases of property. These banking transactions were conducted under normal commercial
                   terms and conditions and priced at the relevant market rates prevailing at the time of each transaction.




308   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                               (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



58 Related parties (Continued)
     (b)   Related party transactions (Continued)
           In addition, transactions during the relevant year and the corresponding balances outstanding at the reporting
           dates are as follows:

                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                          Ultimate holding         Other major
                                                              company and        equity holders    Associates and
                                                                  affiliates           Note (i)     joint ventures
            Profit and loss
            Interest income                                           1,426                  793                   253
            Fee and commission income and
              other operating income                                  2,073                  252                    —
            Interest expense                                           (782)              (1,210)                  (34)
            Net trading loss                                             17                   —                     —
            Other service fees                                       (1,501)              (1,050)                   (3)

                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2018
                                                          Ultimate holding         Other major
                                                              company and         equity holders    Associates and
                                                                  affiliates            Note (i)    joint ventures
            Profit and loss
            Interest income                                             244                     4                   63
            Fee and commission income and
              other operating income                                  1,240                     2                    —
            Interest expense                                           (445)                 (869)                  (17)
            Net trading gain                                            (32)                   —                     —
            Other service fees                                       (1,398)                   —                     —




                                                                                                     2019 Annual Report     309
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      58 Related parties (Continued)
             (b)   Related party transactions (Continued)
                                                                                        31 December 2019
                                                                   Ultimate holding          Other major
                                                                       company and         equity holders   Associates and
                                                                           affiliates            Note (i)   joint ventures
                     Assets
                     Gross loans and advances to customers                   31,742               23,372               —
                     Less: allowance for impairment losses on
                               loans and advances                               (527)               (572)              —
                     Loans and advances to customers (net)                   31,215               22,800               —
                     Deposits with banks and non-bank
                       financial institutions                                     51                  —            21,056
                     Placements with and loans to banks and
                       non-bank financial institutions                         2,879                  —                —
                     Derivative financial assets                                 207                  —                —
                     Investment in financial assets
                       — at fair value through profit or loss                    901                  —                —
                       — at amortised cost                                     1,722               3,500               —
                       — at fair value through other
                             comprehensive income                                226               1,237               —
                       — designated at fair value through other
                             comprehensive income                                107                  —                —
                     Investments in associates and
                       joint ventures                                            —                    —             3,672
                     Right-of-use assets                                         74                    5               —
                     Other assets                                            11,183                  150               —
                     Liabilities
                     Deposits from banks and non-bank
                       financial institutions                                30,219                2,340            1,511
                     Placements from banks and non-bank
                       financial institutions                                   649                   —                —
                     Derivative financial liabilities                           342                   —                —
                     Deposits from customers                                 63,050               57,112               51
                     Employee benefits payable                                   12                   —                —
                     Lease liability                                             70                    4               —
                     Other liabilities                                        1,622                   —                —
                     Off-balance sheet items
                     Guarantees and letters of credit                             9                  935               —
                     Acceptances                                              2,336                  258               —
                     Entrusted funds                                         35,284                3,048               —
                     Entrusted loans                                         11,989                8,117               —
                     Funds raised from investors of
                       non-principle guaranteed wealth
                       management products                                    2,933                   —                —
                     Guarantees received                                     58,903               36,951               —
                     Nominal amount of derivatives                           55,574                   —                —




310   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                 Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                 (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



58 Related parties (Continued)
     (b)   Related party transactions (Continued)
                                                                                                      31 December 2018
                                                                           Ultimate holding                Other major
                                                                               company and                equity holders                   Associates and
                                                                                   affiliates                   Note (i)                   joint ventures
             Assets
             Gross loans and advances to customers                                       10,645                        14,363                              —
             Less: allowance for impairment losses on
                       loans and advances                                                   (258)                         (417)                            —
             Loans and advances to customers (net)                                       10,387                        13,946                              —
             Deposits with banks and non-bank
               financial institutions                                                          —                             —                         5,364
             Placements with and loans to banks and
               non-bank financial institutions                                             1,547                             —                             —
             Derivative financial assets                                                      60                             —                             —
             Investment in financial assets
               — at fair value through profit or loss                                        310                            —                              —
               — at amortised cost                                                         4,258                         4,318                             —
             Investments in associates and joint
               ventures                                                                      —                               —                         3,881
             Other assets                                                                10,941                              —                            —
             Liabilities
             Deposits from banks and non-bank
               financial institutions                                                    25,710                            178                         1,201
             Placements from banks and non-bank
               financial institutions                                                     2,503                            —                               —
             Derivative financial liabilities                                                24                            —                               —
             Deposits from customers                                                     37,496                        41,756                              17
             Other liabilities                                                            1,222                            —                               —
             Off-balance sheet items
             Guarantees and letters of credit                                             1,828                           452                              —
             Acceptances                                                                     72                            —                               —
             Entrusted funds                                                             45,729                         6,641                              —
             Entrusted loans                                                             18,514                        12,540                              —
             Funds raised from investors of
               non-principle guaranteed wealth
               management products                                                          707                             —                              —
             Guarantees received                                                         52,986                          9,638                             —
             Nominal amount of derivatives                                                7,950                             —                              —

           Note:


           (i)     Other major equity holders include CNTC, Xinhu Zhongbao Co., Ltd. and Poly Group.


                   The amounts disclosed represented those transactions or balances when they were considered as related parties of the Group during the relevant
                   periods. The transactions between the subsidiaries of CNTC/Poly Group and the Group are not significant in 2019.




                                                                                                                                      2019 Annual Report            311
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      58 Related parties (Continued)
             (c)   Key management personnel and their close family members and related companies
                   Key management personnel are those persons who have the authority and responsibility for planning, directing
                   and controlling the activities of the Group, directly or indirectly, including directors, supervisors and executive
                   officers.

                   The Group entered into banking transactions with key management personnel and their close family members
                   and those companies controlled or jointly controlled by them in the normal course of business. Other than those
                   disclosed below, there was no material transactions and balances between the Group and these individuals, their
                   close family members or those companies controlled or jointly controlled by them.

                   The aggregate amount of relevant loans outstanding as at 31 December 2019 to directors, supervisors and
                   executive officers amounted to RMB1.51million (as at 31 December 2018: RMB0.40 million).

                   The aggregated compensations for directors, supervisors and executive officers of the Bank as at 31 December
                   2019 amounted to RMB33.74 million (as at 31 December 2018: RMB38.59 million).

             (d)   Supplementary defined contribution plan
                   The Group has established a supplementary defined contribution plan for its qualified employees which is
                   administered by CITIC Group (Note 37 (b)).

             (e)   Transactions with state-owned entities in the PRC
                   The Group operates in an economic regime currently predominated by entities directly or indirectly owned by the
                   PRC government through its government authorities, agencies, affiliations and other organisations (collectively
                   referred to as “state-owned entities”).

                   Transactions with state-owned entities, including CNTC’s indirect subsidiaries and Poly Group’s indirect
                   subsidiaries, include but are not limited to the following:

                   —      lending and deposit taking;

                   —      taking and placing of inter-bank balances;

                   —      derivative transactions;

                   —      entrusted lending and other custody services;

                   —      insurance and securities agency, and other intermediary services;

                   —      sale, purchase, underwriting and redemption of bonds issued by state-owned entities;

                   —      purchase, sale and leases of property and other assets; and

                   —      rendering and receiving of utilities and other services.

                   These transactions are conducted in the ordinary course of the Group’s banking business on terms similar to
                   those that would have been entered into with non-state-owned entities. The Group has also established its pricing
                   strategy and approval processes for major products and services, such as loans, deposits and commission income.
                   The pricing strategy and approval processes do not depend on whether the customers are state-owned entities
                   or not. The Directors are of opinion that none of these transactions are material related party transactions that
                   require separate disclosure.




312   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
           Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                     (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



59 Structured entities
    (a)   Unconsolidated structured entities sponsored and managed by third parties
          The Group invests in unconsolidated structured entities which are sponsored and managed by other entities
          for investment return, and records trading gains or losses and interest income therefrom. These unconsolidated
          structured entities primarily include wealth management products, trust investment plans, investment management
          products, investment funds and asset-backed securities.

          The following table sets out an analysis of the carrying amounts of interests held by the Group as at 31 December
          2019 in the structured entities sponsored by third party institutions, as well as an analysis of the line items in
          the consolidated statement of financial position under which relevant assets are recognised:

                                                                                        31 December 2019
                                                                               Carrying amount
                                                                                               Financial
                                                            Financial                       investments
                                                          investments                       at fair value
                                                         at fair value        Financial through other
                                                       through profit    investments at Comprehensive                 Maximum loss
                                                               or loss   amortised cost          income       Total       exposure
           Wealth management product of other banks               133               —               —          133            133
           Investment management products managed by
              securities companies                                —           186,217               —       186,217        186,217
           Turst management plans                                 17          160,248               —       160,265        160,265
           Asset-backed securities                                87          101,684          132,222      233,993        233,993
           Investment funds                                  218,491               —                —       218,491        218,491
           Total                                             218,728          448,149          132,222      799,099        799,099

                                                                                        31 December 2018
                                                                               Carrying amount
                                                                                               Financial
                                                             Financial                      investments
                                                          investments                       at fair value
                                                         at fair value        Financial through other
                                                       through profit    investments at Comprehensive                 Maximum loss
                                                               or loss   amortised cost          income       Total       exposure
           Wealth management product of other banks               116               —               —          116             116
           Investment management products managed by
              securities companies                                —            228,502              —       228,502        228,502
           Turst management plans                             26,486           151,582              —       178,068        178,068
           Asset-backed securities                             1,289            39,846          61,994      103,129        103,129
           Investment funds                                  189,176                —               —       189,176        189,176
           Total                                             217,067           419,930          61,994      698,991        698,991

          The maximum exposures to risk in the above wealth management products, trust investment plans, investment
          management products, investment funds and asset-backed securities managed by securities companies and trust
          investment funds are the carrying value of the assets held by the Group at the reporting date. The maximum
          exposures to risk in the asset-backed securities are the amortised cost or fair value of the assets held by the
          Group at the reporting date in accordance with the line items under which these assets are presented in the
          consolidated statement of financial position.




                                                                                                               2019 Annual Report    313
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      59 Structured entities (Continued)
             (b)   Unconsolidated structured entities sponsored and managed by the Group
                   Unconsolidated structured entities sponsored and managed by the Group mainly include non-principal guaranteed
                   wealth management products. The wealth management products invest in a range of primarily fixed-rate assets,
                   most typically money market instruments, debt securities and loan assets. As the manager of these wealth
                   management products, the Group invests, on behalf of its customers, in assets as described in the investment
                   plan related to each wealth management product and receives fee and commission income.

                   As at 31 December 2019, the total assets invested by these outstanding non-principal guaranteed wealth
                   management products issued by the Group amounted to RMB1,200,192 million (31 December 2018:
                   RMB1,058,907 million).

                   During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group’s interest in these wealth management products included
                   fee and commission income of RMB935 million (2018: RMB2,628 million); interest income of RMB1,259
                   million (2018: RMB2,271 million) and interest expense of RMB846 million (2018: RMB620 million).

                   As at 31 December 2019, the placements and financial assets held under resale agreements from the Group
                   with these wealth management products sponsored by the Group amounted to RMB53,500 million (31
                   December 2018: RMB63,500 million), while the placements from these wealth management products to the
                   Group amounted to RMB35,162 million (31 December 2018: RMB44,605 million). During the year ended
                   31 December 2019, the amount of maximum exposure of the placements and financial assets held under resale
                   agreements from the Group with these wealth management products sponsored by the Group was RMB60,077
                   million (31 December 2018: RMB68,144 million), and the amount of maximum exposure of the placements
                   from these wealth management products to the Group was RMB12,711 million (31 December 2018: RMB13,435
                   million). These transactions were conducted under normal business terms and conditions.

                   In 2019, the Group purchased fixed income assets of RMB23,875 million (2018: Nil) from above-mentioned
                   structured entities, and the considerations of such assets were based on the fair value of their underlying assets
                   at the time of purchase.

                   On December 31, 2019, the assets under the abovementioned financial management services included
                   RMB166,444 million (31 December 2018: RMB188,892 million) managed by subsidiaries and associated
                   enterprises of the CITIC Group.

             (c)   Principal guaranteed wealth management products sponsored and managed by the Group
                   Principal guaranteed wealth management products sponsored and managed by the Group represent products
                   to which the Group has guaranteed the investor’s principal investment, regardless of their actual performance.
                   Investments made by these products and the corresponding liabilities to the investors of these products are
                   presented in the respective financial assets and financial liabilities items in accordance with the Group’s accounting
                   policies based on the nature of the assets and liabilities.




314   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
              Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                    (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



60 Transfers of financial assets
     The Group entered into transactions which involved transfers of financial assets including securitisation transactions,
     structured transfers on assets usufruct, transfers of loans including non-performing loans, and financial assets sold
     under repurchase agreements.

     These transactions were entered into in the normal course of business by which recognised financial assets were transferred
     to third parties or structured entities. Transfers of assets may give rise to full or partial de-recognition of the financial
     assets concerned. On the other hand, where transferred assets do not qualify for de-recognition as the Group has
     retained substantially all the risks and rewards of these assets, the Group continues to recognise the transferred assets.

     Details of the financial assets sold under repurchase agreements are set forth in Note 35. Details of securitisation
     transactions, structured transfers on assets usufruct and loan transfer transactions conducted by the Group for the year
     ended 31 December 2019 totally RMB77,356 million (year ended 31 December 2018: RMB227,518 million) are set
     forth below.

     Securitisation transactions and structured transfers on assets usufruct
     The Group enters into securitisation transactions by which it transfers loans to structured entities which issue asset-
     backed securities to investors. The Group assessed among other factors, whether or not to derecognise the transferred
     assets by evaluating the extent to which it retains the risks and rewards of the assets and whether it has relinquished
     its controls over these assets based on the criteria as detailed in Note 4 (c) and Note 5.

     During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group entered into securitisation transactions and structured transfers
     on assets usufruct backed by financial assets transferred with book value before impairment of RMB67,562 million (year
     ended 31 December 2018: RMB192,665 million). RMB44,594 million of this balance (year ended 31 December 2018:
     RMB7,197 million) was in respect of performing loans and the Group concluded that it had continuing involvement
     in these assets. The Group also recognised other assets and other liabilities of RMB5,859 million (year ended 31
     December 2018: RMB897 million) arising from such continuing involvement. The remaining balance of the loans
     transferred were qualified for full de-recognition.

     Loan transfers
     During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group also through other types of transactions transferred loans of
     book value before impairment of RMB9,794 million (during the year of 2018: RMB34,853 million). All of them are
     non-performing loans. The Group carried out assessment based on the criteria as detailed in Note 4 (c) and Note 5
     (iv) and concluded that these transferred assets qualified for full de-recognition.

61 Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
     Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated statement of
     financial position when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention
     to settle on a net basis, or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

     As at 31 December 2019, the amount of the financial assets and financial liabilities subject to enforceable master netting
     arrangements or similar agreements are not material to the Group.




                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report      315
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      62 Statements of financial position and changes in equity of the Bank
             Statement of financial position
                                                                                31 December   31 December
                                                                                       2019          2018
              Assets
              Cash and balances with central banks                                  455,377       533,393
              Deposits with banks and non-bank financial institutions               108,523        78,758
              Precious metals                                                         6,865         4,988
              Placements with and loans to banks and non-bank financial
                institutions                                                        164,896       144,364
              Derivative financial assets                                            11,250        26,571
              Financial assets held under resale agreements                           9,954        10,790
              Loans and advances to customers                                     3,673,860     3,285,963
              Financial investments
                — at fair value through profit or loss                              308,577       293,542
                — at amortised cost                                                 924,028       777,883
                — at fair value through other comprehensive income                  557,543       449,350
                — designated at fair value through other comprehensive income         2,581         2,242
              Investments in subsidiaries and joint ventures                         25,163        25,008
              Property, plant and equipment                                          21,931        20,956
              Right-of-use assets                                                    11,743            —
              Intangible assets                                                       1,347         1,301
              Deferred tax assets                                                    31,334        22,458
              Other assets                                                           78,114        33,108
              Total assets                                                        6,393,086     5,710,675
              Liabilities
              Borrowings from central banks                                         240,258       286,350
              Deposits from banks and non-bank financial institutions               955,451       782,768
              Placements from banks and non-bank financial institutions              42,241        71,482
              Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                 —            962
              Derivative financial liabilities                                       10,907        25,784
              Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                     111,838       120,095
              Deposits from customers                                             3,824,031     3,397,318
              Accrued staff costs                                                    10,879         9,508
              Taxes payable                                                           7,929         4,086
              Lease liabilities                                                      10,255            —
              Provisions                                                              6,027         4,944
              Debt securities issued                                                638,839       541,053
              Other liabilities                                                      35,606        44,800
              Total liabilities                                                   5,894,261     5,289,150
              Equity
              Share capital                                                          48,935        48,935
              Preference shares                                                      78,083        34,955
              Capital reserve                                                        61,359        61,359
              Other comprehensive income                                              6,332         5,167
              Surplus reserve                                                        39,009        34,450
              General reserve                                                        80,648        73,370
              Retained earnings                                                     184,459       163,289
              Total equity                                                          498,825       421,525
              Total liabilities and equity                                        6,393,086     5,710,675




316   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                  Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                               (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



62 Statements of financial position and changes in equity of the Bank (Continued)
    Statement of changes in equity
                                                                                           Other
                                                      Share    Preference   Capital comprehensive    Surplus    General     Retained
                                                     capital       shares   reserve       income      reserve    reserve    earnings    Total equity
      As at 31 December 2018/
      As at 1 January 2019                           48,935       34,955    61,359          5,167    34,450     73,370      163,289         421,525
      (i) Net profit                                     —            —         —              —          —          —       45,592          45,592
      (ii) Other comprehensive income                    —            —         —           1,165         —          —           —            1,165
      Total comprehensive income                         —            —         —           1,165         —          —       45,592          46,757
      (iii) Investor capital
            — Issue convertible bonds                    —         3,135        —             —           —          —           —            3,135

      (iv) Issue other equity instruments
           — Preferred stock                             —            —         —             —           —          —           —               —
           — Undated capital bonds                       —        39,993        —             —           —          —           —           39,993

      (v) Profit appropriations
          — Appropriations to surplus reserve            —            —         —             —        4,559                  (4,559)            —
          — Appropriations to general reserve            —            —         —             —                   7,278       (7,278)            —
          — Dividend distribution to ordinary
                shareholders of the bank                 —            —         —             —           —          —      (11,255)        (11,255)
          — Dividend distribution to preference
                shareholders of the bank                 —            —         —             —           —          —        (1,330)        (1,330)
      As at 31 December 2019                         48,935       78,083    61,359          6,332    39,009     80,648      184,459         498,825

                                                                                           Other
                                                      Share    Preference   Capital comprehensive    Surplus    General     Retained
                                                     capital       shares   reserve       income      reserve    reserve    earnings    Total equity
      As at 31 December 2017                         48,935       34,955    61,359         (9,782)    31,183     73,370     147,982         388,002
      Changes in accounting policy                       —            —         —           4,478       (939)        —       (8,442)         (4,903)
      As at 1 January 2018                           48,935       34,955    61,359         (5,304)    30,244     73,370     139,540         383,099
      (i) Net profit                                     —            —         —              —          —          —       42,057          42,057
      (ii) Other comprehensive income                    —            —         —          10,471         —          —           —           10,471
      Total comprehensive income                         —            —         —          10,471         —          —       42,057          52,528
      (iii) Profit appropriations
            — Appropriations to surplus reserve          —            —         —             —        4,206         —        (4,206)            —
            — Dividend distribution to ordinary
                  shareholders of the bank               —            —         —             —           —          —       (12,772)       (12,772)
            — Dividend distribution to preference
                  shareholders of the bank               —            —         —             —           —          —        (1,330)        (1,330)
      As at 31 December 2018                         48,935       34,955    61,359          5,167     34,450     73,370     163,289         421,525




                                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report          317
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      63 Benefits and interests of directors and supervisors
             (a)   Directors and supervisors’ emoluments
                   The remuneration of the Bank’s director and supervisor is set out below:

                   For the year ended 31 December 2019

                                                                     Emoluments paid or receivable in respect of services as director or supervisor of the Group
                                                                                                                                                                                     Emoluments paid or
                                                                                                                                                                                  receivable in respect of
                                                                                                                                                          Remunerations paid      director or supervisor’s
                                                                                                                   Allowances     Employer’s                  or receivable in           other services in
                                                                                                                  and benefits contribution               respect of accepting       connection with the
                                                                                    Discretionary        Housing       in kind to retirement                 office as director       management of the
                     Name                                     Fees       Salary          bonuses        allowance (note (vii)) benefit scheme                  and supervisor        affairs of the Group      Total
                                                           RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000 RMB’000            RMB’000                           RMB’000                     RMB’000     RMB’000
                     Executive directors
                     Li Qingping Note (i)                       —             —               —                —               —                  —                         —                          —          —
                     Fang Heying                                —            825           1,124               —               38                245                        —                          —       2,232
                     Guo Danghuai                               —            600             764               —               38                241                        —                          —       1,643

                     Non-executive directors
                     Cao Guoqiang Note (i)                      —             —                —               —               —                  —                         —                          —          —
                     Huang Fang Note (i)                        —             —                —               —               —                  —                         —                          —          —
                     Wan Liming Note (i)                        —             —                —               —               —                  —                         —                          —          —

                     Independent non-executive directors
                     He Cao                                    300            —                —               —               —                  —                         —                          —         300
                     Chen Lihua                                300            —                —               —               —                  —                         —                          —         300
                     Qian Jun                                  300            —                —               —               —                  —                         —                          —         300
                     Ying Liji                                 300            —                —               —               —                  —                         —                          —         300

                     Supervisors
                     Liu Cheng                                  —            700             790               —               38                149                        —                          —       1,677
                     Deng Changqing Note (i)                    —             —               —                —               —                  —                         —                          —          —
                     Wang Xiuhong                              300            —               —                —               —                  —                         —                          —         300
                     Jia Xiangsen                              300            —               —                —               —                  —                         —                          —         300
                     Zheng Wei                                 300            —               —                —               —                  —                         —                          —         300
                     Chen Panwu                                 —            440           1,483               —               51                208                        —                          —       2,182
                     Zeng Yufang                                —            330             702               —               38                213                        —                          —       1,283
                     Li Gang                                    —            390             990               —               51                224                        —                          —       1,655

                     Former Directors and Supervisors
                       resigned in 2019
                     Sun Deshun Note (ii)                       —            525             733               —               22                125                        —                          —       1,405
                     Cheng Pusheng Note (iii)                   —            360             910               —               44                165                        —                          —       1,479




318   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
            Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                                     (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



63 Benefits and interests of directors and supervisors (Continued)
     (a)   Directors and supervisors’ emoluments (Continued)
           For the year ended 31 December 2018

                                                            Emoluments paid or receivable in respect of services as director or supervisor of the Group
                                                                                                                                                                            Emoluments paid or
                                                                                                                                                                          receivable in respect of
                                                                                                                                                Remunerations paid        director or supervisor’s
                                                                                                              Allowances          Employer’s or receivable in respect            other services in
                                                                                                             and benefits        contribution of accepting office as         connection with the
                                                                          Discretionary        Housing            in kind       to retirement                director   management of the affairs
            Name                                     Fees     Salary           bonuses        allowance       (note (vii))     benefit scheme         and supervisor                of the Group       Total
                                                  RMB’000   RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000                 RMB’000                      RMB’000      RMB’000
            Executive directors
            Li Qingping                                —           —                —                 —                —                   —                      —                            —          —
            Fang Heying                                —          600              652                —               132                 184                     —                            —       1,568

            Non-executive directors
            Cao Guoqiang                               —          233              229                —               104                  63                     —                            —         629
            Huang Fang                                 —           —                —                 —                —                   —                      —                            —          —
            Wan Liming                                 —           —                —                 —                —                   —                      —                            —          —

            Independent non-executive directors
            He Cao                                    300           —                —                —                —                   —                      —                            —         300
            Chen Lihua                                300           —                —                —                —                   —                      —                            —         300
            Qian Jun                                  300           —                —                —                —                   —                      —                            —         300
            Ying Liji                                  82           —                —                —                —                   —                      —                            —          82

            Supervisors
            Liu Cheng                                  —          467              451                —                47                  99                     —                            —       1,064
            Deng Changqing                             —           —                —                 —                —                   —                      —                            —          —
            Wang Xiuhong                              300          —                —                 —                —                   —                      —                            —         300
            Jia Xiangsen                              300          —                —                 —                —                   —                      —                            —         300
            Zheng Wei                                 300          —                —                 —                —                   —                      —                            —         300
            Cheng Pusheng                              —          360            2,373                —               164                 178                     —                            —       3,075
            Chen Panwu                                 —          440            2,327                —               179                 184                     —                            —       3,130
            Zeng Yufang                                —          330            2,457                —               117                 329                     —                            —       3,233

            Former Directors and Supervisors
              resigned in 2018
            Chang Zhenming                             —           —                —                 —                —                   —                      —                            —          —
            Shu Yang                                  225          —                —                 —                —                   —                      —                            —          —
            Wu Xiaoqing                               225          —                —                 —                —                   —                      —                            —         225
            Wang Lianzhang                             —           —                —                 —                —                   —                      —                            —         225
            Zhu Gaoming                                —           —                —                 —                —                   —                      —                            —          —
            Sun Deshun                                 —          900            1,124                —               222                 209                     —                            —       2,455




                                                                                                                                                                               2019 Annual Report              319
      Chapter 11 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019
      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      63 Benefits and interests of directors and supervisors (Continued)
             (a)   Directors and supervisors’ emoluments (Continued)
                   Notes:


                   (i)      Mrs. Li Qingping, Mr. Cao Guoqiang, Mrs. Huang Fang, Mr. Wan Liming, and Mr. Deng Changqing did not receive any eTwo of the four
                            directors are delegated by CITIC Limited and CITIC Group (“parent companies”). Their emoluments were paid by the Group. The other two
                            directors and the supervisor are delegated respectively by Xinhu Zhongbao Co., Ltd, CNTC and Poly Group and provide service to both the
                            parent company and the bank. Their emolument allocation are not disclosed due to the difficulty to differentiate the services provided by the
                            four directors and the supervisor.


                   (ii)     Mr. Sun Deshun resigned in February, 2019


                   (iii)    Mr. Cheng Pusheng resigned in May, 2019


             (b)   Other benefits and interests
                   No direct or indirect retirement benefits and termination benefits were paid to directors as at 31 December
                   2019 (as at December 2018: Nil).

                   For the year ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, the balance of loans and advances from the
                   Group to Directors, Supervisors or certain controlled body corporates and connected entities of the Directors
                   or Supervisors was not significant.

                   No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company
                   was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly,
                   subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year 2019 (2018: Nil).

      64 Events after the reporting period
             (a)   Since the novel coronavirus outbreak (hereinafter referred to as the “covid-19 outbreak”) in January 2020, and
                   the disease control and prevention efforts have been going on across China and other countries and regions. The
                   Group has been devoting full attention and resources to implementing the state’s decisions and deployment,
                   applying itself in supporting the real economy, and facilitating disease control and prevention through effective
                   financial services.

                   The covid-19 outbreak has created considerable impact on the overall economic activities and the business
                   operations of certain enterprises, and accordingly has affected the credit quality of and return on the financial assets
                   of the Group, the extent of which will depend on the development and duration of the disease, effectiveness of
                   disease control and prevention efforts, the impact of the disease on customers in different regions and industries,
                   as well as the implementation and effectiveness of relevant regulation policies. The Group will stay alert to and
                   updated on the development of the disease, and continue to assess the impact of the covid-19 outbreak on the
                   financial position and operating results of the Group and actively take response actions as needed.

             (b)   With the approvals of the regulatory authorities and the Board of Directors, CITIC Bank was cleared to make
                   a public offering of RMB50 billion special financial bonds for small and micro enterprises (Special SmE Bonds)
                   in the national interbank bond market.

                   On 18 March 2020, CITIC Bank issued the 2020 Series 1 Special SmE Bonds. The funds raised will be used to
                   provide loans to small and micro enterprises to help them overcome the difficult period caused by the covid-19
                   outbreak. The three-year bonds have a coupon rate of 2.75%. The Series 2 will be issued as needed, with a total
                   amount of no more than RMB20 billion.

      65 Comparative data
             Certain comparative data has been restated to conform to the presentation of the current year.




320   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
             Chapter 11 Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information

                                                                  (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



The information set out below does not form part of the audited financial statements, and is included herein for information
purposes only.

1     Difference between the financial report prepared under IFRSs and that prepared in
      accordance with PRC GAAP
      China CITIC Bank Corporation (the “Bank”) prepares consolidated financial statements for the year ended at 31
      December 2019, which includes the financial statements of the Bank and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”),
      in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting
      Standards Board and the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
      Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

      As a financial institution incorporated in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) and listed in the Shanghai
      Stock Exchange, the Group also prepares its consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019
      in accordance with the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and other relevant regulations issued by the
      regulatory bodies of the PRC (collectively “PRC GAAP”).

      There is no difference in the profit for the year ended 31 December 2019 or total equity as at 31 December 2019
      between the Group’s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRSs and those prepared in
      accordance with PRC GAAP respectively.

2     Liquidity coverage ratio
                                                                               31 December 2019        31 December 2018
        Liquidity coverage ratio                                                         149.27%                 114.33%

      The liquidity coverage ratios were also in accordance with the Rules on Liquidity Risk management of Commercial
      Banks (Provisional) issued by the CBIRC and applicable calculation requirements, and based on the data determined
      under the PRC GAAP.

3     Currency concentrations
                                                                                 31 December 2019
                                                                US Dollars     HK Dollars      Others               Total
        Spot assets                                                293,485         155,871         37,836         487,192
        Spot liabilities                                           248,711         159,252         18,848         426,811
        Forward purchases                                          945,039         205,182        116,561       1,266,782
        Forward sales                                             (964,382)       (159,262)      (124,628)     (1,248,272)
        Options                                                     (8,018)            (33)           283          (7,768)
        Net long position                                          514,835        361,010          48,900        924,745

                                                                                 31 December 2018
                                                                US Dollars     HK Dollars      Others                Total
        Spot assets                                                291,086         143,406          33,019        467,511
        Spot liabilities                                           276,119         147,045          (4,303)       418,861
        Forward purchases                                        1,240,838         194,757          53,275      1,488,870
        Forward sales                                           (1,256,218)       (172,554)        (67,729)    (1,496,501)
        Options                                                    (23,481)              2             193        (23,286)
        Net long position                                          528,344         312,656         14,455         855,455




                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report     321
      Chapter 11 Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information

      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      4      International claims
             International claims are the sum of cross-border claims in all currencies and local claims in foreign currencies. The
             Group is principally engaged in business operations within Mainland China, and regards all the claims on third parties
             outside Mainland China as cross border claims.

             International claims include balances with central banks, deposits with banks and non-bank financial institutions,
             placements with and loans to banks and non-bank financial institutions, financial assets held for trading, financial
             assets designated at fair value through profit or loss, loans and advances to customers, financial assets held under resale
             agreements, financial investments, etc.

             International claims are disclosed based on different countries or regions. A country or region is reported where it
             constitutes 10% or more of the aggregate amount of international claims, after taking into account any risk transfers.
             Risk transfer is only made if the claims are guaranteed by a party in a country which is different from that of the
             counterparty or if the claims are on an overseas branch of a bank whose head office is located in another country.

                                                                                            31 December 2019
                                                                                                      Non-bank
                                                                                            Official      private
                                                                              Banks           sector       sector               Total
              Asia Pacific excluding Mainland China                          44,407              282          51,506          96,195
                — of which attributed to Hong Kong                           16,746              274          46,779          63,799
              Europe                                                          6,080                3          12,537          18,620
              North and South America                                        29,206           44,910          55,626         129,742
              Africa                                                             —                —               —               —
              Total                                                          79,693           45,195         119,669         244,557

                                                                                             31 December 2018
                                                                                                        Non-bank
                                                                                             Official      private
                                                                               Banks           sector       sector              Total
              Asia Pacific excluding Mainland China                           25,970             314          63,854          90,138
                — of which attributed to Hong Kong                            16,335             307          56,098          72,740
              Europe                                                           6,025               3          12,350          18,378
              North and South America                                         25,623          41,616          65,373         132,612
              Africa                                                             186              —               —              186
              Total                                                           57,804          41,933         141,577         241,314




322   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
             Chapter 11 Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information

                                                              (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



5   Overdue loans and advances to customers by geographical sectors
                                                                          31 December 2019
                                                                          Loans and advances
                                                           Gross loans        overdue over 3                  Credit
                                                          and advances               months           impaired loans
     Bohai Rim (including Head Office)                        1,224,035                17,896                 24,327
     Yangtze River Delta                                        920,846                 5,926                  7,968
     Pearl River Delta and West Strait                          598,313                 8,733                 12,606
     Central                                                    534,366                 6,818                  9,006
     Western                                                    474,109                 5,928                  9,332
     Northeastern                                                77,694                 3,051                  4,148
     Outside Mainland China                                     168,624                 1,791                    946
     Accrued interest                                            10,104                     —                      —
     Total                                                    4,008,091                50,143                 68,333

                                                                           31 December 2018
                                                                           Loans and advances
                                                            Gross loans        overdue over 3                  Credit
                                                           and advances               months           impaired loans
     Bohai Rim (including Head Office)                        1,123,293                23,325                 25,738
     Yangtze River Delta                                        784,722                 8,582                  9,193
     Pearl River Delta and West Strait                          549,491                 7,506                  7,729
     Central                                                    463,100                 7,994                  8,565
     Western                                                    433,143                 6,475                  7,638
     Northeastern                                                75,682                 4,903                  5,083
     Outside Mainland China                                     178,981                   384                  1,470
     Accrued interest                                             8,338                     —                      —
     Total                                                    3,616,750                59,169                 65,416


6   Gross overdue amounts due from banks and other financial institutions and overdue
    loans and advances to customers
    (a)      Gross overdue amounts due from banks and other financial institutions
                                                                           31 December 2019       31 December 2018
              Gross amounts due from banks and other financial
                institutions which have been overdue                                        —                       1

              As a percentage of total gross amounts due from banks and
                other financial institutions                                                —              0.00036%




                                                                                                    2019 Annual Report    323
      Chapter 11 Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information

      (Amounts in millions of Renminbi unless otherwise stated)



      6      Gross overdue amounts due from banks and other financial institutions and overdue
             loans and advances to customers (Continued)
             (b)   Gross amounts of overdue loans and advances to customers
                                                                                         31 December 2019        31 December 2018
                     Gross loans and advances to customers which have been
                       overdue with respect to either principal or interest for
                       periods of:
                       — between 3 and 6 months                                                       13,950                  13,181
                       — between 6 and 12 months                                                      15,910                  20,011
                       — over 12 months                                                               20,283                  25,977
                     Total                                                                            50,143                  59,169
                     As a percentage of total gross loans and advances to
                       customers:
                       — between 3 and 6 months                                                       0.35%                   0.37%
                       — between 6 and 12 months                                                      0.40%                   0.55%
                       — over 12 months                                                               0.50%                   0.72%
                     Total                                                                            1.25%                   1.64%

                   —         The above analysis represents loans and advances overdue for more than 3 months as required by the
                             Hong Kong Monetary Authority.

                   —         Loans and advances with a specific repayment date are classified as overdue when the principal or interest
                             is overdue.

                   —         Loans and advances repayable on demand are classified as overdue when a demand for repayment has
                             been served on the borrower but repayment has not been made in accordance with the instructions. If
                             the loans and advances are repayable on demand which are outside the approved limit that was advised
                             to the borrower, they are also considered as overdue.

                   —         As at 31 December 2019, the loans and advances to customers of RMB50,143 million of the above
                             overdue loans and advances were credit-impaired. (As at 31 December 2018, loans and advances to
                             customers of RMB46,908 million were subjected to individual assessment for impairment)

                   Loans and advances to customers overdue for more than 3 months:

                                                                                         31 December 2019        31 December 2018
                     Secured portion                                                                  28,433                  31,690
                     Unsecured portion                                                                21,710                  15,218
                     Total                                                                            50,143                  46,908
                     Allowance for impairment losses                                                 (38,392)                (28,026)
                     Net balance                                                                      11,750                  18,882
                     Maximum exposure covered by pledge
                      and collateral held                                                             26,517                  29,187

                   The fair value of collateral was estimated by management based on the latest revaluation including available
                   external valuation, if any, adjusted by taking into account the current realisation experience as well as market
                   situation.

      7      Non-bank Mainland China exposures
             The Bank is a commercial bank incorporated in the Mainland China with its banking business primarily conducted in
             Mainland China. As of 31 December 2019, the majority of the Bank’s non-bank exposures arose from businesses with
             Mainland China entities or individuals. Analyses of various types of exposures by counterparties have been disclosed
             in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

324   China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                    China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
                                                                                                                                                   (A joint stock limited company incorporated
                                                                                                                                                   in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

                                                                                                                                                   Stock Code : 0998




                                                                   2019 Annual Report




                                                                                                           Strive to Be the Company Offering the
                                                                                                           Best Comprehensive Financial Services



                                                                                                           2019
Address : No.9 Chaoyangmen Beidajie, Dongcheng District, Beijing
Postal Code : 100010
Investor Hotline : +86-10-85230010
Email Address : ir@citicbank.com
Website : www.citicbank.com


                                                                                                           Annual Report
           This Annual Report is printed on recyclable paper
